THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno undecimo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FOURTH Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

Vol. XXIX. Part I,

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain

Anno 1771.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXIX.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan'9 Church in Fleet-Street, London;

M, DCC, LXXI.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno undecimo

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Fourth Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. TO continue the prohibition of the exportation of corn, grain, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also of the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour, for a further time; and also to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

Cap. 3. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

---

Cap. 4. To amend so much of an act, made in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to emend, and rente more effectual, an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act for the general quiet of the subjedU, against all pretences of concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting his Majesty's right, title, or claim, to any messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the pTcincl, districts, or liberty of the Savoy, in the county of Middlesex, or to any the appurtenances to the same therein mentioned.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces, while on shore.

Cap. 8. To continue for a further time an act made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his pro-sent Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 9. For the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets and other publick passages within the city of Winchester; and also within the several parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hide, Saint Johds in the Sole, Saint Peter's Cheefthill, Saint Swithin and Saint Michael in the Well Soke, in the suburbs of the said city; and for preventing nuiunces and annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

Cap. 10. For carrying into execution an agreement made between Peter Barrel esquire, surveyor-general of his Majesty's lands, and the trustees of Morden College, in the county of Kent, for enabling his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant leases of Maidenficne Hill, in the parish of East Greenwich, in the county of Kent, to the said trustees, upon the terms mentioned in the said agreement; and for impowering the said trustees to increase the salaries and pensions of the treasurer, chaplsun, and poor merchants, in the said college.

Cap. 11. For further continuing two acts made in the sixth and ninth years of his Majesty's reign, for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty's dominions in America.

Cap. 12. For better paving the streets, squares, lanes, courts, alleys, ways, and other publick pallases, in that part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the parish of Saint Mary MatfeUon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the county of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street and White Lion street, lying contiguous to the said fields, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein.

Cap. 13. To explain a clause in an act of the last fefSon of parliament, for better supplying the city of Worcester, and the liberties thereof, with water; and for better paving and lighting the said city; and for removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 14. For the better regulating the poor within the city of Oxford.

Cap. 15. For the better paving that part of the High Street, in the parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the county of Middlesex, and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 16. To enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the town of Liverpoole, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 17. To explain and amend so much of an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, for paving the town and borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, as relates to the of of fpwers; and for regulating thd manner of taxing churches* and other publick buildings, within the limits of the said act.

Cap. 18. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace and others who have omit ted to register their qualifications within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for those purposes.

Cap. 19. For amending certain of the mile-way s leading to Oxford\ for making a commodious entrance through the parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge; for making commodious roads from the said bridge through the university and city, and the avenues leading thereto; for cJeanf-ing and lighting the streets, lanes, and places, within the said university and city, and the suburbs thereof, and the said parish of Saint Clement; for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future5 for impowering colleges and corporations to alienate their estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating markets within the said city*and for other purposes.

Cap. 20. To enable lunaticks intitled to renew leases, their guardians and committees, to accept of surrenders of old leases* and grant new ones.

Cap. 21. For paving Wapping Street, in the county of Middlesex, and the several streets and passages leading into the same; and for removing all encroachments and obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a passage from Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane; and for paving such passage, and the east side of Nightingale Lane.

Cap. 22. To amend and render more effectual several acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent.

Cap. 23. For paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, to Cable Street; also the said Cable Street, the foot-path in Back Lane, part of the precinct of WeU Close, the street leading from Nightingale Lane to Ratcttffe Croft, Butcher Row, and Brook Street, and the several streets, lanes, and passages opening into the same; and for removing all obstructions and annoyances therefrom, and preventing thp like lor the future.

Cap. 24. For licensing an additional number of hackney coaches, and applying the monies arising thereby.

Cap. 25. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or ex* chequer hills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

Cap. 26. For further continuing the tolls upon London Bridge,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

for the purposes therein mentioned; and for impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council assembled* in certain cases, to grant licences to persons possessed of terms for years, of and in houses described in.'an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, to build upon, and inclose part of the ground and foil of the streets in the from of their said houses.

Cap. 27. For regulating and improving the fisheries in the river Tweedy and the rivers and streams running into the same % and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river.

Cap. 28. For punishing offences committed by hackney coach-then and chairmen, within certain districts and places therein mentioned; and for renewing the registry of carts and carriages*

Cap. 29. For consolidating, extending, and rendering morse effectual the powers granted by several acts of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and deanfing the vaults, drains* and sewers, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for paving, cleaning, and lighting the streets, lanes, squares* yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places; and preventing and removing obstructions and annoyances within the same.

Cap. 30. For cleansing and lighting the streets of the town of South Ltith, the territory of Saint Anthony s, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several parts thereof with fresh water.

Cap. 31. For the encouragement of the white herring fishery.

Cap. 32. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; for indemnifying the landholders of the Isle of Wight from the payment of the monies due by virtue of an act of the ninth year of his present Majesty \ and for other purposes therein mentioned;

Cap. 33. For paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, squares, lanes, and other passages, within the pariQi of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the county of Middle-fexi and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 34. For enabling certain persons to inclose and embank part of the river Thames, adjoining to Durham Yard, Salisbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beauford Buildings, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 35. For reducing into one act of parliament the several laws relating to the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing mischiefs by keeping or carrying gunpowder in too great quantities;

Cap. 36. For cleansing, lighting, and watching the several streets, and other passages, on the south side of the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuifantres and annoyances therefrom* and preventing the same for the; future.

Cap. 37. To prohibit the exportation of live cattle, and other flesh provisions, from Great Britain for a limited time.

Cap. 38. For the better support and establishment of the Greenland and whale fishery.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 39. To amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for extending like liberty in the exportation of rice from East and West Florida to the southward of Cape Fi-niflore or Europe* as is granted by former acts of parliament to Ca-ro/iw and Georgia.

Cap. 40. For the more effectually preventing the counterfeit* ing (he copper coin of this realm.

Cap. 41. To explain an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act pving further encouragement for the importation of naval Jlores, and fir other purposes therein mentioned, To far as relates to the importation of unmanufactured wood of the growth and product of America j and to explain so much of an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant seas3 ns relates to the importation of raw (ilk and mo? hair yam landed at certain places therein mentioned.

Cap. 42. To explain and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to regulate the trials of controvert-(itUfliens, or returns of members to serve in parliaments.

Cap. 43. For establishing a house or houses of industry in the Ifit of Jvigbt % for the reception, maintenance, and employment of the poor belonging to the several parishes, and places, within the said island.

Cap. 44. For the better paving, repairing, and deanfing the ftrccts, Janes, alleys, and other publick passages, within that part of the town or Jffakefield, in the county of York, which lies* within the east end of* Westgate Bridge, the south side of North? gate Bor, the* north end or Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the west riding of the said county of York) and the extreme part of «the township of IVaktfield aforesaid, leading from Wungate towards East Moor; for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering ibf same more commodious.

Cap. 45. For improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and jfiu from the city of London, to the town of trhklaie, in the courity of Wilts.

Cap. 46. For paying, and keeping in repair, the streets, lanes, snd passages, in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex; for removing obstructions and annoyances therein; and for widening the passages at the west end of ChifwtlLJlreet, and at the south end of Brickbat, in the said parish; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 47. For granting so his Majesty a certain fqm of money, to be raised by lottery.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, for carrying to the aggregate fund a Aim of money which hath arisen by the two-seventh*

A TABLE cJf the STATUTES.

excise, and for enabling the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high tresurer for the time being, to pay to Dobson, owner of the Greenland ship. Lord Molineux, the bounty doe for the said ship on the last year's fiithery.

Cap. 49. To continue for a further time, an act passed-in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An to prohibit the importation of foreign-turought jilts and velvets fer a limited time-, and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the Jtlk manufacture.

Cap. 50. For granting a bounty upon the importation of white Oak staves, and heacting, from the British colonies or plantations in America.

Cap. 51. For continuing several laws for the better regulation of lastage and balaftage in the river Thames; for the further pu-nifoment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise, and for the landing of rum or (pints of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excifr; fqr repealing so much of an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for veftting the carriage of extefive loads of mealy malt, bricks, and

within ten miles of the cities of London Westminster, as relates to the carriage of meal, malt, and goals; and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley, oalkd Bigg, from the port of Kir, in the tflarids of Orkney.

Cap. 52. For repairing, amending, and suppdrting the several harbours and fca pons in the If of Man.

Cap. 53. For widening the highways in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 54. For the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching HaydonSquare, the New Square, Hayden yard,

Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the paflagts therein, or leading the reunto, in the parifo of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the county of within the li-

berty of his Majesty's TeWer of London j and for other purposes herein mentioned.

Cap. 55. To incapacitate John Charles,

Thomas Hase/grove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Par fens, Thomas junior, Thomas Hanmngton, John, John William Cheeseman, George Browne, John Parfotis, John Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas CrotvUr, Thomas Pcckney, Joseph Dedman John Dean,

John Whiting, William Stevens, John Robert Parker,

John Hogspjh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John

Snook junior. RicherA Tilfione, William Turner,

Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, Wiliam Gratwick, Nathaniel Hiliman, Thomas Roberts, John, William Cooler, Thoms Frost, Michael Smith, Richard, Mihail Durrant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stone-barn f James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas.

A TABLE of thfe STATUTES.

Cnwttr, John Barnard., James AC James Miliar, otherwise

Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedmasenior, William Jennings,

WilSsn Hards, Thomas Gear, William Henry Robinson,

and Henry Hanningten, from voting at elections of members to ferrem parliament, and for the preventing bribery and corruption ia theeiefhon of members to serve in parliament for the borough of New Sborebom, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 56. For diverting out of the crown, and to vest in Gerald Fitzgerald of Ratbrme, in the county of Meath, in the kingdom of Ireland esquire, and his heirs, the reversion in fee of and in, several lands in Ireland therein mentioned.

Cap. 57. To continue and render more effectual an act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from the turnpike road in Tiring, in the county of Hertford, through Dtmfiable, Hitchin, Balded, and Royston, to the turnpike road at or near Boumbridge j and from the well end of Wellbury Lana to the turnpike road at the south end of Barton, in the counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge; so f»r as the lame relates to the repairing the roads in the Roy/Ion district of roads, in the said act particularly mentioned.

Cap. 58. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from the

north end Ballingdon Bridge in Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, to foie south gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county.

Cap. 59. To impower Charles Fitz Roy, esquire, to shut up certain foot-paths in tho parish of Saint alias

Teum, in the county of Middlesex, and to oblige him to make and keep in repair-for the future a foot-path in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repenting several reads leading through the county of Selkirk.

Cap. 61. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Spernal Afb, in the county of Warwitk, to a meet called Cigbeth in the town of

mingham.

Cap. 62. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the Firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river i/Carron, in the county of Stirling, to the Firth or river of Clydd,

ot or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to ibe city of Glasgow; and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication, frm ibe port and harboursfBorrowftdiinness, to join the said canbl

ct or near the place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

Cap. 63. To continue, and render more effectual an act made in the seventeenth yfear of the reign of his late Majesty, fof rest pairing

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

pairing the road from the end of Middleton Tyas Lame to Grata-.bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the north riding of the county of York.

Cap. 64. To enlarge the term and powers of an adK made in the twenty-sixth year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Tadcaster, through Gollingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the town of Otley, in the west riding of the county, of York.

Cap. 65. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-fifth ypar of his late Majesty, for repairing the road fjrom Knaresbrough, in the county of York', by Longflatt Lane, Goulifbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Maulevere?, and State Moor, to Greenbamerton, in the same county*and for making the same high carriage road.

Cap. 66. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of York, over tyipbridge to Borough-bridge in the county of XQr^m

Cap. 67. To oblige the company of proprietors of the Birmingham canal navigation to complete the said canal to a field called Newball Ring, adjoining to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, within a limited time, and to maintain and keep the same free and open for the passage of boats, barges, and other vessels.

Cap. 68. For repairing and widening the road from Colling-ham, through Wethtrby, to the city of York.

Cap. 69. foy cplarging the tern and powers granted by an* act of the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from the turnpike-gate in the townfh'ip of Greenfield\ to the north limits of the township of Mojiyn j and fropi Moflyn to Henllan; and from Idanerch y Mor to Pen y Ffo % di Waen, in the pouptics of Flint and Denbigh; and for extending the said as to, several other roads in the said counties, and the county of Carnarvon; and for taking several roads within the said counties out of the power of the trustees appointed by two several acts of parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth year of his late Majesty; and for putting the said roads under the direction of the trustees appointed by the said former and this present act. '

Cap. 70. To continue and render more effectual several acts for'repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield, in the* county of Berks, and other roads in the said pfts mentioned j and for repairing several other roads in (liis aft ^mentioned1.

Cap. 71. For repairing and widening the road from the Low-water Mark of the river Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the parirti of Elloughton, in the east riding of the county of York, to the north end of the town of Brough, and from thence through South Cave to Corny Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in rhp ftid riding.

Cap. 72. For draining and preserving certain fen lapds and

A TABUE of the STATUTES.

|3W grounds iti the parishes of Stoke Ferry, NorthtooU, Wrettoni tfenbam, West Dereham, and Roxbam, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 73. For amending, widening, turning, and altering the road from the bottom or Gtf/fcy //i//, near the town of Witney* IT the cross in Cknfield, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 74. To continue and render more effectual three acts, itade in the twelfth year of King George the first, and in the eighteenth and thirty-first years of his late Majesty, for repair-jig the roads from Birmingham, through Warwick to Warming-: m, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edge« till, in the county of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said county.

Cap. 75. For making a navigable cut or canal from Chester-jM/, in the county of Derby, through or near Worksop and A*/-/pi, to join the river Trent, at or near Stothwith, in the county1: of Nottwgbpn.

Cap. 76. For repairing and widening the road leading from Teniftone Bridge, in the county of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby \ and the roads severally leading from Bam- ford Woodgate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the guide-post on Thorn-kill Moor, to or near the eighth mile-stone on Hathersage Moor, and tQ the village of Darwent, in the said county of Derby.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening several roads leading for the town of Lantrijsent; and also the road leading from Newbridge, to a place called The Old Furnace; all in the county of Qlamergepr.

Cap. 78. To enable the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the Great Level.o( the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal banks and works necessary to the well-draining and preferring the North Level, part of the said Great Level, and for laying taxes upon the lands within the said North Level, and on divers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crow^ land.

Cap. 79. To enlarge the term and powers of so much of an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George the second, as relates to the repairing the road from Cramond Bridge to the towti of Queensferry, in the county of Linlithgow.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers of several a<S$ made for repairing and amending that part of tte toad leading from a certain place called the White Post, qn jvewbury Hill, in the county of Huntingdon, to Wandsford Bridge, in the said county, called the North Division of the North Road; and fojj.rep.air-ing the road leading from Stilton, in the said county of Hun- tingion, to the city of Peterborough, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 81. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty-fourth year of King George the second, for repairing the road leading from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 82. To enlarge the term contained in tyvo several acts of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parliament; and to repair, widen, and amend the road from the guide post at the westerly end of Newton Lane* within the toWn-fiiip of Manchector, in the county palatine Of Lancaster, to Auftet-lpnd*i in the parish of Saddleworth, in the county of York.

Cap. 83. To enlarge the term and powers of an Act made in the eighteenth year of King George the second, to repair the rozd leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the county of the city of Torky to a place near the said city, called Hobmoor Lam EndL

Cap. 84. For repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road from the market-house in the town of Great Farrtngdonx in the county of Berks y to Burford, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 85. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Peebles to the King's Eatedge, and to Gatibope-kmw Bumfooty and to the top of Mihcbmoor* and to Loch-bead % in the county of

Cap. 86. For repairing and Widening the road from Stone to Lane End; and to the road between Leek and Sandon on Meir Heath, and from thence to Blythe Bridge; and also from Meir to Trent bam, and from thence to Stableford Bridge, in the county of

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from Shelton to the road between Cheadle and Leeky amt from Bsaknall to Weflon Coyney; and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge; and from the same road to the road between Blyth Marsh and Thorpf at or near RuebiH Gats in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 88. To continue and render more effectual two acts passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the first, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, ki the county of Leicester; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road branching out of the aforesaid road, at a place called Filling Gate to a road called the Foss Ready add from thence to the turnpike road leading from Melton Mowbray, to the guide post in Saint Margarets Field Leicester.

Cap. 89. For making a navigable cut or canal from Bradford % to join the Leeds and Liverpoole canal at Windhttly in the iownship of Idliy in the county of York.

Cap. 90. To enlarge the term and powers of an Act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the second, for repairing the roads from Livingjlony by the kirk of Shotts, to the city of Glasgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Stratbaveriy and for repairing and widening the road leading from the confines of the county of Airy at or near Locbgatex to the town of Strathaven in the county of Lanark.

Cap. 91. To enlarge the term and powers of three aAs, passed in the twelfth year of King George the first, and the nineteenth and twenty-sixth years of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from- Liverpoole to Prefcotty and other roads in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for amending the road from the causeway <u Bkcllovo Brov/y to the causeway leading from Prefeott to

Peebles.

A ABLE of the STATUTES.

Liverpoole, and also through Lime Lane, to Ranelagh in Lmptele aforesaid.

Cap. 92. For enlarging and altering the terms and powers of facial aas, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the first, and in the twenty-first year of the reign of King George the second, for repairing the roads leading from the town of Brmfgrovt to the town of Dudleyin the county of Worcester; and from the said town of Bromsgrove to the town of Birm'ing-botn, in the county of Warwick; so far as the said acts relate to

the repairing of the roads leading from the said town of Birmingham to the said totvn of Bromsgrove.

Cap. 93. For repairing and widening the road froth Patricks Crtfs, within the town of Liverpoole* in the county palatine of Lmgfter, to the town of Prefion, in the same county palatine.

Cap. 94. For repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Vinehall in the parish of Mount field, in the county of Sussex, to Ctipp's Comer, and from thence to Staple-croft,

and to the turnpike road near the windmill in the parish of Beetle}, and from Staple-craft to Long ley't water corn- mill at Kajt Ditch, and from Crifpft Corner to the town of Rye lit the said county.

Cap. 95. For repairing and widening the road leading from Went, in the county of Salop, to the lime rocks at Bren y and streral Other toads in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Cap. 96. For repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Tavemfpile to the towns of and Tenby, and to Hubbirjltn Haling, ib the county of

Cap. 97. For amending and widening' the road from Jldgb, through Wantage, to Hungerfo in the county of Berks;

arid from Wantage to Maflbortugh, in the county of Wilts; and from the turnpike rbdd between Reading and Wallingford through Halfpenny Lent, to the Old Red House upon Wantage, and from thdnce ta Lamborn, in the said county of Berks.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, 9fid from thence to the town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the town of and from the

turnpike road between Cuckfield and Crawley, to the town of titrjkem; and also the iPad from in the parish of Bur-

vxish, to Sbover Green, in the parish of all in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 99. For repairing and widening the roads from Hand Croft to Comer House, and from thence to the turnpike road hading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Comer House aforesaid to the fhaypoie in the town of in the county of Sussex.

4 TABLE of the STATUTES.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalizing Bernard Pernj.

2. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, commonable lapds, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Lowick, in the county of Northampton*

3. An act for naturalizing Lewis Benjamin Cr\ufc %

4. An act for dividing and inclosing the common a^d open fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the pqapor and parish of Slipton, in the county of Northampton.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, carrs, and other uninclosed grounds, within the several townships of Locktngton and Aykt, in the east riding of the county of; and for extinguishing the right of common, or average, upon certain aqtjenf inclosures within the said township of Lockingtm.

6. An act for naturalizing Gerard Portmath

7. An act for more effectually vetting the reversion In fee-simple of and in divers lands and hereditaments, in the counties of Derby, Leicester, Nottingham, and Stafford, in JVaJbingion earl Ferrers, md his trustees; and for confirming letters patent granted thereof, and of certain other lands and hereditaments in the pounty of Northampton, to the said earl, in the third year of his present Majesty's reign; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

8. An act to render valid and effectual certain articles of agreement, between William Lambton esquire and the honourable and right reverend Richard lord bishop of Durham, and the other persons therein named.

9. An act to enable the bishop of Hereford to exchange certain lands and premiles, in the cpuqties of Hereford.

10. An act for explaining and amending an act, intituled An act for veJHng part of the fee simple estate of George late lord vifeou^t Midleton, of the kingdom of I reland, in trustees tf be sold, for paying the debts, legacies, and incumbrances, mentioned in, and appointed to fa paid by, his will; and for \executing and effectuating several contrafy entered into by him, for felling and leafing divers farms and lands in Ireland j and for making the exemplification of his will evidence in law and equity.

11. An act to impower Sir Francis Blake Delaval knight of th, e bath, or the person or persons claiming under a settlement of his family estates, dated the nineteenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, to grant to Thomas Da-lavak esquire. his heirs and assigns, a certain parcel of land and buildings, liberties and privileges, and also to grant two several leases, for ninety-nine years each, to, or in trust for the ftiicl Thomas Delaval and Sir John Huffey Delaval baronet, of certain lands, copperas works, buildings, liberties, and privileges, ir\ the manors of Hartley and Seaton Delaval, in the county of Nor-Cumberland, part of the settled efiates of the said Sir Francis Blake Delaval and for other purposes therein mentioned.

A TAfeLE of the Sf AttJf ES.

12. An act for effectuating a conveyance of the real estates fate biJobnEjfington esquire, deceased, to the purchasers thereof, under a decree or order of the high court of chancery.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields within the township and liberties of Jylesbury, in the county of Buds.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands* within the parish of Whitchurch, in the county of Bucks*

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields and common pastures, in the parish of Kirkby Mallory, in the county of Leicester.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, and commonable places, in Keyham, in the parish of Roth* Icji and county of Leicester.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, meadows, commons, or waste lands, within the manor and parish of Hill Croome, in the county of Worcester.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing Barniker Moor within the manor of Nether Wyerjaale, in the county palatine of Lancafttr

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, common pasture, commons, and waste grounds, within thd township, hamlet* or liberty of Fairfield, in parish of Hope, and county of Derby.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, lammas grounds, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Great Brickbill, in the county of Bucks.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, heath, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Sproxtom, in the county of Leicester.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the several stinted pastures, called the North Moory Longhill, Bark9 and Gar forth Close, within the township of Rilfiim, in the west riding of the county of York.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, heath, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Saltby, in the county of Leicester.

24. An act to enable the right honourable Thomas lord Ducie9 and his ifisue, to take the surname of Moreton9 and to bear and use the arms of honour of the right honourable Matthew lord Ducie deceased, pursuant to the will of the said Matthew lord Ducie.

25. An act to enable captain Samuel Pitchford, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname, and bear the arms, of Sir Samuel Cornish, deceased, pursuant to his will.

26. An act to enable Thomas Grundy, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Swinfen/

27. An act to enable William Mackenzie, David Graviery and Jcbn Grower, respectively, and the heirs male of their respective bodies, to take and use the surname and arms of Godfrey.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

28. An act for making the exemplification of the last will and testament of Francis Macartney esquire, deceased, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

29. An act to dissolve the marriage of Henry Knight esquire, with Catharine Lynch, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for naturalizing Henry Renner.

31. An act for rendering valid and effectual certain articles of agreement, bearing date the twenty- first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, made between Frances counters dowager of Londonderry, Philip earl of Stanhope, and others) and for veiling several manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Devon and Wilts, in trustoes, for the purposes in the act mentioned.

32. An act for rendering effectual an exchange of certain lands, parcel of the glebe of the rectory of Avington in the county of Southampton, for certain other lands in the said parish of Avington, belonging to the most honourable the marquis of Carnarvon.

33. An act to enable Francis Charteris esquire, heretofore called Francis Wemyfs, and the heirs of his body, and several other persons therein named, and the heirs of their respective bodies, to retain, assume, and sign, the name of Charteris, and to bear the arms of Charteris, and to hold and cryoy the eft ate therein mentioned, notwithstanding the defeent to him or them, respectively of the honour and title of Wemyfs, or any other honour or title whatsoever.

34. An act for establishing and confirming an exchange of a certain piece of inclosed land, in the parish of Bast Barnet, in the county of Hertford, and diocese of London, for other inclosed land, parcel of the glebe of the said parish, pursuant to an agreement between Benjamin Underwood clerk, matter of arts, reftor of the said parish of Bast Barnet, and John Pyfms, esquire.

35. An act for exemplifying ox inrolling the will of Charles Macarthy More, deceased, and making the same evidence,* well in Ireland as Great Britain.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, common wood grounds, and commonable lands, in the parish of Alveston, in the county of Warwick.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields, common meadows, and commonable waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Aston Subedge, in the county of Glou- cester.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common pasture, called Myton Carr, in the lord ship of Mytonx in t, he parish of The Holy Trinity, in the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull.

39. An act for dividing and allotting the common fields, downs, and all other the commonable lands and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of East Garston, in the county of Berks.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the manor of Mon, in the parish of Baktn

well, in the county of Derby.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open arable fields, meadows, pastures, cans, and other open and common grounds, within the township of, in the parish of Beeforth, otherwise Beford, in the east riding of the county of York,

42. An act for dividing and inclosing common, in

the parishes of Matkworth, Ktdlefio, and Langley, or

fume of them, in the county of Derby.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, cow pastures, ings, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the parish of J -djhby, within the manors of Htrneqftlt and Wtjl Afttby, in the county of Lincoln.

44. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the several open fields, lands, and grounds, within the township of

tnthe WevldSyin the county of York.

45. An act for dividing and inclosing. a certain parcel of common and waste ground, called The Chitwoods, within the township or hamlet of Horninglow, in the parish of, in the county of Stafford.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, common or waste lands, stinted pastures, and commonable grounds, within the hamlets of Stapenbill and Wiei/bill, in the county of Derby.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields,

common meadows, stinted pastures, commons, and waste lands, in the several hamlets of Stretton, and -

fitn, within the parish of Burton upon, in the county of Stafford.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing the several pastures, with the township of Hetton, in the parish of > and west riding of the county of York.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields and commonable grounds, within the mano; and parish of Stutb Rtjhn, in the county of Lineobe.

50. An act for dividing and inclosing the open sod common fields, meadows, pastures, heath, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Bootbby in the county of

51. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and uninclosed fields, lands, commons, and wastes, within the manor of Scatty^ in the north riding of the county of York; and alfa a certain common, called Tnroxtnbf Moor, otherwise Newby Meor % within the same riding.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing certain fields, lands, and waste grounds, within the township of Melton, in the parish of Welton, in the east riding of the county of York.

53. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and the common or heath, called Kiljall Heath, and other common* able lands, in the parish of Bonington^ in the.county of Salop.

Table of the statutes/

54. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common, called Holland Ward, otherwise HoRin Wordy in the county of Derby.

55. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and commonable lands within the manor of Broadway, in the county of Worcester.

56. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons, commonable grounds, and wastes, called Redditch Common and Web-heathy situate in that part of the manor of Tardebiggy which lies in the county of Worcester, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, commons, and common pastures, within the liberties of Stapleford and Bramcotgy in the county of Nottingham.

58. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Butler's Marston, in the county of Warwick.

59. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, cotn-tnons, and waste grounds lying in the parish of Appleby, in the! counties of Leicester and Derby.

60. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and cortunoft fields, common meadows* and commonable lands and grounds, called Beanhall Field, s, in the manor and parish of Feckenbamy in the county of Wortejkr.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds, within the village, hamlet, township, and manor of Oxenhopty in the parish of Bradford, and county of York.

62. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, within the town-ships of North Mujkham, Holmey and Bathley, in the parish of North Mujkham, in the county of Nottingham.

63. An act to impower Sir John Gibbons to shut up the footpaths over certain lands, in the parish of Stanwelly in the county of Middlesex; and to extinguish all claims and right of common in and over the said lands; and to oblige the said Sir John Gibbons to make and keep in repair a foot-path in lieu thereof; and to vest certain premises and a sum of money in trustees, for the use of the poor of the said parish.

64. An act for naturalizing John Peter Du Rover ay y John Daniel NavilUy John Peter Eynardy David Cholletty and John Zacharias Gertcken.

65. An act for naturalizing Augustine Noverre.

66. An act for impowering the judges of the court of session in Scotland to fell certain parts and portions of rheestate and barony of Carrington in the county of Edinburgh % which formerly belonged to Hugh lord viscount Primrofty deceased, and now to Neil earl of Rojeberry, for payment of the debts of the said viscount.

67. An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments, part of the real estate of John Sutton esquire, situate in the county of Lincoln, in trust, to be sold, for payment of eight thousand

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

pounds, the portion of Isabella Suttcn deceased, and for the other purposes in the said act mentioned.

68. An act for dividing and inclosing Sheriff-baits common, in the county of Stafford.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing the several parcels of fen land, within the parish of Algarkirke turn Fosdyke, in the parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, in the parish of Swalcliff'e, in the county of Oxford.

71. An act for discharging the manor of Coldhefelddon* and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, part of the estate of Riibard earl of Scarborough* from the uses, estates, and trusts, declared concerning the same, by the settlement executed previous to his marriage with Barbara countess of Scarborough9 his wife, and by a certain act of parliament, which passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign; and for settling another manor, and other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

72. An act for enabling Sir Henry Harpur baronet to make leases of his estates in the counties of Derby and Stafford, for three lives, or ninety nine years, or such other leases as are therein mentioned.

72. An act for sale of part of the settled estates of Sir John Sbiiltj baronet, and of the right honourable John Shelley his son, in the several counties of Kent and Wilts, and also of a farm, called Kingsham Farits* in the parish of Saint Pantras, in the county of Sussex; and for applying the 'monies to arise by such sale, in discharge of the portions of the daughters of the said Sir John, Skelltj, affecting the estates of him and his said son; and for other purposes-

74. An act to exchange lands in Langham, in the county of Suffolk* between Patrick Blake esquire, and Edward Burch* rector of the parish church of Langham aforesaid, within the diocese of Nertoich.

75. An act for vesting certain freehold* and Ieafehold mills, lands, and tenements, comprised in the marriage settlement of Jo tph Bullock esquire, in trustees, to convey and assign the same respectively^ pursuant to an agreement for the sale thereof; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses as.are mentioned in the said settlement.

76. An act for confirming a conveyance to Henry Flitcroft esquire, of certain'estates in the county of York* purchased by the trustees in the marriage settlement of Charles Goring esquire, and Fanny his wife; and for confirming a conveyance made by the said Henry Flitcroft to the use of the said trustees of other estates, in lieu thereof, in the county of Sumy.

77. An act to enable the surviving trustee named in the settlement of William Pulteney esquire, and Frances his wife, to grant leases of their Ieafehold estates in Westminster.

78. An act for confirming a deed of trust, dated the thirty-first

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and for the more effedu^l enabling the trustees to raise the sum of nine thousand pounds, for the purposes therein mentioned, by mortgage or sale of the freehold estate of George Smyth the elder, and George Smyth the younger, esquires, situate in the county of Gloucester, or of a competent part thereof.

79. An act for vesting part of the estate late of Nicholas Car-fellis esquire, deceased, at Wivenhoe and Elmjltd, in the county of Essex, in trustees, to be sold, for raising money to discharge incumbrances.

80. An act for vesting the manor of /IJlley, and certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in Aftlty* Tyl-dejley, and Bedford, in the county of Lancaster> comprised in the marriage articles of Thomas Froggatty and Hannah his wife, in trustees, to the several uses, upon the trusts, and subject to the powers, provisoes, and restrictions therein mentioned.

81. An act for vesting the settled estates of Thomas Parkinson9 Edward Heathcote, and Catharine his wife, and their respective children, lying in the counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, and Chester, in trustees, to fell a sufficient part thereof, for payment of debts and legacies affecting the same, and for making a partition of the remainder thereof, and settling the entire premises to the uses therein mentioned.

82. An act for discharging from tithe certain lands, in the parish of Sebraham> otherwise Sebergham, in the county of Cumberland; and for making compensation to the curate of the said parish for the same.

83. An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, in Ladus Fen9 in the isle of Ely.

84. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable places, in JVavertony otherwise Wareton9 in the parish of Polefworthy in the county of Warwick.

85. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor of Hamjlead Norreys, in the parish of Hampstead Nor-reys9 in the county of Berks.

86. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, called Stretton common field, and certain common or waste grounds, called Strettcn Heath, and Stretton Horse S1ead9 in the parish of Stretton on the Fcfs, in the county of Warwick.

87. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and 'common fields, arable, meadow, and palture grounds, lam mas grounds, and commonable lands, within the hamlets and liberties of Knightcot and Northend9 in the parish of Burton Daffetty in the county of Warwick.

88. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable hnds, within the parish of Nauntcn Beauchamp, in the county of Worcester.

89. An nd for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and all Other common and waste lands,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the liberties or Hamlets of Kilby and Newton Harcourt, in the parish of Wi/iow> and county of Leicester.

90. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Stetton under Fofsy in the parish of MonFs Kirby, in the county of Warwick.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the township and parish of Bishop Norton, in the county of Lincoln.

92. An act for dividing and inclosing all the open fields, lands, and grounds, at Long Riston and Arnold^ in the county of York.

93. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish and liberties of Pattijball) within the hamlets of Eastcote, AJlcotty and Darlefcote> in the county of Northampton.

94. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and commonable fields, meadows, pastures, lands, and waste grounds, of, within, and belonging to, the manor, parish, and liberties of Harford, in the county of Huntingdon.

95. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, in the township of Butterwicky in the parish of Foxholes, in the east riding of the county of York.

96. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the parish of Earls Barton, in the county of Northampton.

97. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor and parish of TVedon and Weston^ otherwise Wedon Pinkney, otherwise Leys Wedon, in the county of Northampton.

98. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the parish and liberties of Wat-foriy and within the hamlet and liberties of Murcotty in the pa<-riihcs of Watford^ and Long Bu<tby9 in the county of Northampton.

99. An act for dividing and inclosing the moor, or common, called Elvet Moor, in the parish of Saint Oftvald, in the county palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all right of common in certain intercommon lands in the said parish.

100. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and tfafte grounds, in the parish of Miflerton, in th/e county of Nottingham.

101. An act for dividing and inclosing the commonable lands

and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Ubly9 in the county of Somerset.

102. An act for naturalizing Jacob Matthias JuJlus, and The-cpkilus Christian Blanckenhagen.

103. An act for naturalizing Francis Harrand.

104. An act for vesting in trustees, and their heirs, several manors, me Hu ages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Southampton, the estate of the most noble William Henry Cmendish Duke of Portland, upon trust to sell the same* and to apply the money to arise by sale thereof in manner therein mentioned.

105. An act for vesting the manor, capital mettiiage, barton

farm, and demesne lands of Cadbayfituate in Ottery Saint in the county of Devon, part of the settled estate of Si Wil-

hams baronet, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses which are now fulfilling with regard to the said settled estate.

106. An act for confirming and carrying into execution an

agreement, dated the twenty-third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, between Humphrey esquire,

and George Clive esquire, and for. vetting certain estates, in the county of Tipperary, in the kingdom of in certain trustees, and their heirs, for that purpose.

107. An act for vesting certain messuages in The Strand, in

the county of Middlesex, part of the settled estate o Theobald esquire, in trustees, to be conveyed to James Adam esquire; and for laying ont the purchase money in lands, to be settled to the uses to which the said settled estate do now Hand limited.

108. An act for vesting the copyhold estate of Richard Mad-iock, gentleman, deceased, situate at Norwood, in the county of Middlesex, in trustees, to be sold, towards discharging the principal money and interestdueupon a mortgage thereof, and of certain freehold estates of the said Richard Maddock, in the county of Wilts.

109. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common meadows, commons, and downs, in the parishes of and Stratton, in the county of Gloucester.

110. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fen, belonging to Qoston West, in the county of

111. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fen, belonging to Skirbeck Quarter, in the parish of Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln.

112. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the township of Brampton-en-le-Morthen, in the west riding of the county of York.

113. An act for naturalizing Carfliu Dirs and Jacob Gloflein.

FINIS.

THE

STATUTES at Large*

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Mag-nee Britannia, Frantia, & Hibernia, undecimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth day of May, Anno 1768, in the eighth year of the reign of our -

reign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the J'aiib, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the thirteenth day of November, 1770; being the fourth session of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to continue the prohibition of the exportation of corn, groin, meal, four, bread, biscuit, and ft arch, and also of the extraRion of low wines and spirits froth wheat and wheat floor, for a further time; and also to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of any fort

torn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and out cf lit kingdoms of Orear Britain or Ireland, Should be prohibited for

t further time; be It therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament 2 fern bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Aact, no person or persons whatsoever shall. No person shall dirrftly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or export, Sec. i nufeor procure to be exported, transporteid, carried, or convey, commodities ed, out of or from the said kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland; here A>ention-: or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid ed, from Great'onboard, in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be ex- or

ported or carried out of the said kingdoms of Great Britain or ^re*n

Inland, any sort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, or (larch, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after1 Voi. XXIX. A men-

on forfeiture of the same j

andos. per bushel for all corn, grain.

vered.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. i.

[1770.

mentioned; that is to say, That all the said commodities that shall be lb exported, shipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried out, contrary to this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty nullings for every buihel of com, grain, malti meal, or malt, meal, or flour; and twelve pence for every pound weight e^Th'f d' nd of bread> biscuit, or (larch $ and so in proportion for any greater bread, biscuit, or quantity which shall be so exported, shipped, or put on or starch;board to be exported $ and also the ship, boat*, or vessel, upon

and aKbof the which any of the said commodities shall be exported, shipped, or vessel, &c. laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, (halt be forfeited; and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for In whatcourts same* and for offences which shall be committed in that the said penal- Part of Great Britain called England, such penalties and forfei-ties to be sued tures shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or infor-for and reco- (nation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or before the justices of amke, or at the great sessions in JVaUt* or by information, at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, divssion, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and in such suit no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* by action or summary bill, or information, in the courts of sessions or exchequer in Scotland; and for offences which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and that the matter and mariners of any such ship, boat, or vessel, where- -7 — in any such offence shall be committed, knowing such offence,

able to th^'ee anc* w*lt*ngly an^ willingly aiding and assisting the reunto, and months 1m- being thereof duly convicted in any such courts as aforesaid, shall prisonment. be imprisoned for the space of three months without bail or mainprize.

Office nd And be it forther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

other persons lt foaH an<* maY be lawful to an<l for any person or persons, be-authorised, ing an officer or officers of the customs, or being lawfully authorised in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain* or the of of the treasury for the time bping, or any may seize any three or more them, to take and seize all such of the said of the said 7 commodities, not allowed to be exported by this act, as he or commodities they shall happen to find, know, or discover, to be laid on board any ship, or other vessel, or boat, at sea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be eXi ported, transported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Ireland

Matter and mariners of any such vef-

ftiipped, &c. contrary to the intent of this act

together with contrary to the truc intent of this act; and also the ship, vessel, the vessel, or boat, in which the same shall be found; and to bring the said

The goods to Eooc*s to the King's warehouse or warehouses belonging to the be lodged in customhouse next to the place where such seizures shall be made i'* or to some other safe place (where there are no such warehousesj

ii

the King's warehouses.

3

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. i.

in order to be proceeded against according to law j and in case of recovery, to be divided in manner as aforesaid.

ID. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- Prohibition tained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation of such or f^much of lb much of the said commodities, as shall be necessary to he car- [he fa^com-jied in any ship or ships, or other vessel or vessels, in their re- modifies, as fpdive voyages, for the sustenance, diet, and support of the shall be necef-coaunanders, matters, mariners, passengers, or others, in the same ships or vessels only; or for the victualling or providing jUnCtheJCVOy. any of his Majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vessels in his ages Majesty's service, or for his Majesty's forces, forts, or garrisons; or for hit Ma-any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. jetty's ships of

IV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contain- p^ces or ed, shall not.extend to prohibit any person or persons to ship or gar^fons ? put on board any of the commodities aforesaid, to be carriedor to such a| coastwise; (that is to say,) from any port, creek, or member of shall be carri-the kingdoms of Great Britain or lrelar\d % to any other port, ed coatt wife*creek, or member of the same respectively, having such or the

like coatt cocquet, or sufferance for that purpose, and such of the

like sufficient security being first given for the landing and dif-

charging the same in some other port, member, or creek, of the said kingdoms, and returning a certificate in six months, as is Security being

required by law in cases where goods, which are liable to pay

duties on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of thereof*

Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

V. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any of the said commodities which shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain; or from nor to such as Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto any of shall be ex-his Majesty's islands or colonies in America^ that have usually been supplied with any of the said commodities from Great Bri- ^Ireland or to or Ireland, for the futtentation of the inhabitants of the said from Ireland islands, colonies, or dominions; or for the benefit of the British to Great Bri-fishery in those parts only; so as the exporter do, before the Q-^rahar'MI shipping or laying on board the same, declare the ittand, colony, norca/or Bril or dominion, islands, colonies, or dominions, for which the said tifti colonies commodities are respectively designed, and do become bound in America j with other sufficient security in treble the value thereof, to the commissioners or chief officer or officers of his Majesty's qustoms J'here, lcry belonging to the port or place where the same shall be shipped the exporter or put on board (who hath or have hereby power to take such giving securi-security in his Majesty's name, and tQ his Majesty's use) that ty for the due such commodities shall not be landed or fold in any parts what- lacting, Scc. soever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, islands, or colonies, for which the same shall be so declared; and that a certi- ^nd returning kate under the hand and feaL of the collector, comptrollor, or a certificai*, other chief officer of the customs, or if no such, of the naval officer, or some other principal officer of the poit where the same itull be landed, shall, within the respective times herein after for that purpose mentioned, (the danger of the seas excepted) be re-

A

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. t. t'77°*

turned to the officers who took the bid bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the lamfe shall be To declared; and for the taking of such security, and for giving such certificates (which the respediv; officers aforesaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward shall be demanded or received; and if any officer shall Officfr male, make any false certificate of any such commodities being so landing a false cer- ed, such officer shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and ttKcace, for- j0fc his employment, and be incapable of serving his Majest y, ir/ncapaci- hi* heirs, or facccffors, in any office relating to the customs: tated.F and if any person shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any such cer-Other person tificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased, or counterfeit- false certificate, he shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, ing, &c. any afKj such certificate shall be void and of no effect; which said forfeit5*2001. Pena^es for offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland, shall &c.*be recovered in the same courts, and in the same manner, as

Penalties in what courts to be recovered. 1

Application.

Bonds to be prosecuted within $ years.

the other penalties inflicted by this act are recoverable; and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any chief court of civil or Criminal jurisdiction, in such respective colonies, plantations, or dominions; and shall be divided into equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer; and the said bond or bonds, if not prosecuted within three years, shall be void.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex-not to extend tcnc* to Pr°b»hit the exportation of beans to the British forts, to beans ex- castles, and fadories in Africa, or for the use of the ships trad-ported to the ing upon that coast, that usually have been supplied With the British forts, same, from Great Britain or Ireland; so as the like security be &c. in Africa, given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be given by persons carrjing any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America. nor to any of VII..Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex-the said com- tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of England modifies extracting to the East Indies, from exporting any of the said com-P?rted by the modities to any of their forts, fadories, or settlements, for the ^rapafty^to ^uPPort of the persons redding the re; so as the like security be theirforts, &c. given for exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be gi< ven by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the BrI tish colonies in America. nor to wheat,

VIII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein coni flour, malt, 'tained, shall not extend to any wheat flour, malt, barley, bread barley, bread, biscuit, or pease, to be transported out of, or from, the port o wfe t from Southampton only, unto the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Al.lout Hampton forney* or any of them; for the only use of the inhabitants d to Jersey, those islands; so as the exporter before the lading of such com Guernsey,nd modifies, or laying the same on board, do become bound witl Alderney, &c. other sufficient security in treble the value thereof, which th customer or comptroller of the same port hath-hereby power t take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's trie, and fc 7*<whk

i

-5

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.i

which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken, that such commodities shall be_ landed in the said islands of Jersey,

Gunn/tj, and Aldtrnej % or one of them (the danger of the seas

only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, and to re- tanuonJy, &c. turn the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are '

herein required on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America^ and within the time for that purpose herein mentioned; and foas the quantity of wheat flour, fbasthequan-malt, barley, bread, biscuit, and pease, which at any time or t, tJrcxc*edDOt times, during the continuance of this act, shall be shipped at the in the said port for toe laid islands, or either of them as aforesaid, doth 9

not exceed in the whole five thousand quarters \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to any wheat, norto, heat barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be transported out of or from barley, oats, the ports of IPhitehaven or Liverpoole only, into the Ip of Man, meal, or flour, for the only use of the inhabitants of that island; so as the ex- from White-porter, before the lading of such wheat, barley, oats, meal, or veiwolet^he flour, or laying the lame on board, do become bound, with other vifli^fMan,sufficient security, in treble the value thereof (which the custo- for the use of mer or comptroller of either of the said ports respectively hath the inbabi-hereby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Maje?

fly's use) for which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken, that such wheat, barley, oats, meal or flour, shall be landed in the said 1JU of Man (the danger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are by this act required on the exportation of the said commodities to tht.British Colonies in America* and within the time for that purpose herein 38 mentioned; and so as the whole quantity of wheat, barley, oats, 256*

meal, and floor, which, at any time or times during the contf- quarters in nuance of this act, shall be shipped at both the said ports for the uie whole; said Ip of Many shall not exceed in the whole two, thousand five hundred quarters; one moiety thereof to be exported from the whitThaven1 said port of Whitebaveny and the other moiety thereof to be ex- and the other* ported from the said port of Liverpoole \ any thing herein con- moiety from tained to the contrary notwithstanding. Liverpoole;

X. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall nor to wheat tend to prohibit the committee of merchants trading to Afruay flou*> not ex* from exporting, during the continuance of this act, any quan- quCartefsfonor tity of wheat flour, not exceeding two hundred quarters; or to bread or any quantity of bread or biscuit, not exceeding fifteen tons in biscuit, not the whole ot fych bread or biscuit, or of such bread and biscuit*cc«ding 15 together, to the Brifi forts, calU«, and factories infirm, (or the support of the pcffons rending the re*so as the like security of Africa mer-be given for the exporting thereof, as is herein required to be chants to their given by persons carrying the Xaid commodities to the British &c-in colonies in Ameraea.*'. Afnca.

n "*0 1

6

Commissioners of the customs to re* turn an account to parliament of all the corn and other commodities so exported.

Times limited for returning

Certificates,

where bonds are taken.

No drawback pr bounty to be paid on any of the commodities v so exported.

prohibition pot to extend to rice.

The extraction of low wines or spirits from wheat or wheat flour prohibited.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. im [1770.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, the commissioners of the customs for the time being shall, and they are hereby required, to* give a full and true account in writing, to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of the next session thereof, of all corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and (larch, that shall before that time be exported to any place whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any of the liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all certificates of the landing and discharging of the said commodities to be exported, other than coastwise, shall be returned within the respective times following 5 that is to say, where the bonds are taken in respect of any of the said commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland* to any of the said colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of such bonds 5 and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Man, within six calendar months after the date of such bonds j and where from Great Britain to Ireland* or from Ireland to Great Britain, within six calendar months after the date of such bonds respectively.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, or (larch, which shall be exported by virtue of this act, shall be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or any of them.

Xiy. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit the exportation of rice put of this, kingdom.

XV. And whereat it is expedient that the extraction of low wines, pr spirits front wheat or wheat flour* shouli be prohibited for a further time \ be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no low winds or spirits jwhatsoever shall be made, extracted, or distilled, within this kingdom, from any wheat or wheat flour: and if any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall make, extra#, or distil, or cause or procure to be made, extrafled, or distilled, any low wines or spirits from any wheat or wheat flour, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat or wheat flour in any worts or wash, in order for the rtaking, extrafling, or distilling, low wines or spirits, or shall ujat or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in apy tun, wam-batch, case, copper. Hill, or other vessel or utensil, any wheat or wheat flour for the purpose of preparing jmy wor$s or wash, or for triaking, extracting, or distilling, low wines or spirits, whether such tun, wash-batch, cask, copper, still, or other vessel or utensil, hath or hath pot beep duly entered at the excise office* that then, and in pach and every of the said cases, such distiller or maker of low

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 1. y

wines or spirits, or other person or persons ailing contrary to

the direfiions of this act, or the person or persons in whose

custodjror possession any such tun, wash batch, cask, copper, (til),

other reflel or utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the

intention of this act, shall be found, shall respectively, for every nn«jer penalty

such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, otiooh and

and all such wheat or wheat flour, and such worts and waft), low ° forfeiture

wines and spirits, shall be also forfeited. 411J}f

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wheat or wheat flour shall be found in any work- wheat flour house, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or any other place where- found in any in low wines or spirits, or worts or wash, shall be made, extrait- Piace ^here' ed, distilled, or prepared, or where any low wines or spirits, orfoLritaaie«x! worts or wash, shall have been made, extraited, distilled, or tracted, &fr.*prepared, since the first day of October, one thousand seven hun- are iorieited \ dred and seventy, all such wheat and wheat flour shall be forfeited; and the person or persons in whose possession such work-, ir, house, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or place, shall be, shall, t^e ° 1J.^n"

for every offence respectively, also forfeit and pay the sum of one in whole poffaundred pounds. session found*

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers of ex-Thit it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons who c*fe, &c. au-shall be authorised for that purpose by the of of ex-

rile for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the t£riait from

limits of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or more which tow

justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, wine* or fpi-

at any time or times, with any officer of excise, to enter into any drifted*

workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or any other place, r

wherein any low wines or spiritt, or worts, or walh shall be, or

are suspected to be, 'made, extraited, distilled, or prepared, or

wherein low wines of spirits, or worts, or wash, shall have been

made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, since the first day of 03o-

btr> one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and shall have free

admittance into the same, and may inspect all the materials,

vessels, and utensils therein contained, giving thereby as little

interruption as maybe to thebiifiness which is carrying on; and

in case any officer of excise shall have reason to fafpecT that any

wheat or wheat flour is mixed in any worts or waft), or

in any other material or preparation, for making, extracting, or

distilling low wines or spirits^ it shall and may be lawful for such

officer, at any time or times during the continuance of this act,

upon payment of two shillings and sixpence, to take a fempfe, and take fern*

not exceeding two quarts, of any such worts % wash, material

or preparation, which shall be found in any such house, or othertor c m

place aforesaid; and in case any distiller or maker of low wines Penalty ©fre-

or spirits, or the owner or occupier of any such house or place,

or any workman or servant to any such distiller, owner, or oc* officer, &c.

cupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such person or persons a* or obstructing

shall be so authorised, of any officer.of excise, into any such house him#« wL

or place; or shall obstruct or hinder any such officer, or person or persons, in-making such inspection as aforesaid; or shall not

a 4 allow

8 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. i; [1770.

allow any such officer to take such sample, after the said sum of two Shillings and lixpenc? shall be paid or tendered for the same, such distiller, owner, or occupier, shall, for every tuch offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred poundsj autho' and it shall be lawful for any such officer of excise, or other per-nmt, itiayWar f°n or persons authorised as aforesaid, having a warrant for that fei«e the raid purpofi? from any two or more of the commissioners of the ex-commodities. cife, or any justice or justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat and wheat flour as shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the fades, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities shall be contained.

toifliller. See.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, not to have That if any distiller or maker of low wines or (pints for sale or garters of* exportation, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their wheat, or custody or possession, or in the custody or possessioa of any per-wheat flour at son or persons io trust, or for the use or benefit of such distiller one time. Sec: or maker of low wipes or (pints, more than five quarters of wheat or wheat flour at any one time, in any one or more place or places, not being a place or places for preparing, making, extracting, distilling, or keeping worts or wash, Jow wines or spirits, every such distiller or maker of low wines or spirit$, shall, on fortetures £qC cycry such offence respectively, forfeit all such wheat and and cUper"* wh*3* &our exceeding the said quantity of five quarters j and quarter, also the sum of five pounds for every quarter to forfeited, except to such

XIX. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to in-<fi (filiers, &c. Jlift the said last-mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any at are the distiller or maker of low wines or foirits, who shall be the actual growers, grower cf wheat, ai\d shall be possessed of any quantity of such wheat grown by him or her in the straw, or after the same is and who keep threshed our, or Separated from the straw i provided such wheat not the wheat, shall not be kept in his or her possessipn, or in the possession of after being of any other person or persons in trust for him or her, or for a threflied out, greater space of time than twenty days after the same shall be daygsC[ thani° threshed or separated from the straw; and so as such wheat be and not in* nottcPt m any P*acc UW for making, extracting, or distil-places Used for Ung low, wines or spirits, or for preparing or keeping worts distilling; or wash.

and also with Provided also, That this act shall not extend to fofluft

respetk to such the said mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller di(fillers as or maker of low wines or spirits, who practises the trade of a miller, and who was possessed of and worked any mill or mills for the grjndingfcpf wheat, on or before the first day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy, for or upop account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour which shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, be found in pny such mill or mills.; any thing herein contained to the contrary ijojwith-(landing.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any officer or officers of excite, or any other person or persons, shall, at any time or times, have, cause to fuf-.. pect

are Miliers, Set.

In case of information, upon oath, before two

1770.] Anno undecimp Georgii III. c. 1., 9

pcd that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of of ive quarters, shall be laid or kept in any such storehouse* ware- of excise' touse, grainery, or other place or places as aforesaid, belonging 10 any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, contrary to the T

rue iment and meaning of this act; then, and in every such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person or ersons, before the commissioners of excise for the time being

respectively, or any two or more of them, or before one or more.

dice or justices of the peace residing near the place where such or aj ujfceof ifficer or officers, or other person or persons, shall suspecft the peace, war-ime to be laid and kept, setting forth the ground of his or their rant to bc uipicion; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said comr potering the aaiffiouers, or justice or justices of the peace respectively, before officer, Sec. to whom such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall enter all (tore-make oath as aforesaid (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) houses, &c.^by special warrant under his or their respective hands and Teals* to authorise and impower such officer or officers, or other pjerfoo

or perloos authorised as aforesaid, by day qr by oigM (but j'f id: hc night, then in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every storehoufo, ware-house, grainery, or other place or places, where he or they shall suspect that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of and seize all five quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any wheat and such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, and to seize, take, ?.our and carry away, all such wheat and wheat flour as he or they quartc

shall so had, over and above the said quantity of five quarters, '

together with all the lacks, bags, or other things, wherein the to same shall be contained; and such distiller or maker of low wines 51. per quar*. or spirits, or the person or persons in whose custody or possessioo ter for all a-such what or wheat flour, belonging to such distiller, shall be hove that found, shall, for every such offence, respectively, forfeit and pay <laa, Ulty» the said penalty of five pounds for every quarter exceeding th.e hid quantity of five quarters; and the said officer or officers, and

other person or persons, is or are hereby Impowered by fo£h warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or thdy shall take to his or their assistance, to enter such storehouses, warehouses, graifteries, and other place or places, ?nd break open the doors thereof, in case they be not opened on demagd.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Recovery and That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and for application of the recovery and application whereof no other provision is here- th* Pena, t, cs in before made, shall be sued for and recovered by action of debt, res °'^re bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of re- not or her wife cord i tiWestminster % or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and directed, that therespedhve courts before whom the same shall be recover- Penalties li ed may and are hereby authorised (if they shall think fk) to ml- aWc to bc, n* tigate all or any of the pecuniary penalties herein before infli<ft-cd, to any sum not less than one fovirth part of the sum herein respectively mentioned; and that one moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, apd successors, and the other moiety to him or them

io Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. i, 2, 3. [1770.

them who shall sue for the same, or give information of, or discover the offence.

Limitation of a

XXIII. Provided always, That all suits, prosecutions, or < frits, and in- informations, for offences committed against this act, shall be formations for commenced and made within the space of six calendar months ga^thiVaft. a^ter is committed, and not otherways \ any thing here-

' in contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation of

XXIV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid,&kms. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or person$, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of four calendar months next after the offence shall be committed; ano if such action or suit shall be commenced or profecured in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defend-

GtneraUfTue. ants in any such action or suit may plead the general iflbe, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs. treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law: and if such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court, before whom such action or suit shall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this act on his defencej and, if the pursuer shall not insist on his action, or if judgement shall be given against such pursuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or suit.

Continuation

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of the act. That this act shall continue until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session of parliament, may be abrid-

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, that the said continuation ged, &c. may be abridged or shortened, and this act o#r any part thereof may be altered and varied, by any other act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

CAP. III.

An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

FOR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his jejiy'sships of war, and on board merchant and other

ing ships and vessels; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty.

II

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 3.;

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembiol, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, until the first day of February, one Unt^thousand seven hundred and seventy two, and no longer, (ex- I77 % 9 tradinr cept in respect to such merchant ships, and other trading ship?, ships or vef % orvcffds, which shall be on their voyage before the said first fell may be day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, Jfav, gat^ by, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of mens*1 returning home, navigated in the manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship, or other trading ship, or vessel, to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his MajestyY natural or naturalized subjects, ! (b as the number of such foreign so as their seamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners number do at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or* J other trading ship, or vessel j and that one fourth at le*ft, of the mariners^cm* the mariners or seamen so employed be at all times natives, or ploved, his Majesty's naturalized subjects of Great Britain\ sudden death and hazard, and casualties or war, and the seas, saved and excepted) $ one act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intit'uled, An act for the encouraging and increasing of/hipping and navigation, or any other Statute or law to the* contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall This act not extend to take away, or restrain the effect of any such royal pro- torciraio th* damation, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are impow- wodL ered to make by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth year of his mttjoii made late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better supply of by virtue of mariner.5 and seamen to fervt inhis Majesty's ships of war, ' and on "iGco. U, Imi merchant ships and other trading ships, and privateers.

CAP. IV.

An act to amend so much of an act, made in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend, and render more effectual, An act made in the twenty-first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled.

An act for the general quiet of the subjects, against all pretences of concealment whatsoever> as relates to the prosecuttng his Majesty's right, title, or claim, to any messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the prxctnfi, distriB, or liberty of the Savoy, in the county of Middlesex, or to any the appurtenances to the same therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the ninth year preamble.

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to a- Acto. Geo. III. mend, and render more effectual, an act made in the twenty- s*

M year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act so At general quiet of the subjects, against all pretences of conceal-

mm

12

shall not be pie^udipul to any rlanh Wich the crown then bad to meffoagcf, &c. within the Savoy.

"Nothing herein contained toffe& clause 9 Geo. |il. whereby 'grantees of the crown vnay prosecute their claims.

£nno undecimo Georgii III. c. 5, 6, 7. [1770.

went whatfmxr, it is enacted, That nothing in the said act con- ! tained shall extend, pr be prejudicial, to any right, title, or claim, which his Majesty then had to any. m?fluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the precind, district, or liberty, commonly calied, Toe Savoyx in the county of Middlesex* or to any the manors, messuages, advowsons, buddings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and appurtenances, being the estate and possession of thedate hospital of The Saxwj, or of the matter and chaplains of the said hqipitgl, so as such right, title, or claim, be prosecuted with effect, by bill, plaint, information, or other suit or proceeding, in same of his Majesty's courts of record at WestminsUrx within the space of two years, from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and figty-nine.

II. And vibexeas it is necessary that tb<t time mentioned in the said proyijhqjboifld be enlarged j now therefore, for amending the same in that particular, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That nothing in the said act contained shall extend, Qr be prejudical to any right, title, or claim, which his Majesty then had, or now hath to any the premises therein and herein before mentioned, so ?s such right, title, or claim be prosecuted by bill, plaint, information, or other suit or proceeding, in some of his Majesty's courts of record at hVefi-minsterx within the space of two years, from the first day of January x one thousand seven hundred and feveaty-one s any thing therein contained to the contrary no|witfrstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall in any respect extend to affelt or influence the construe-tien of the clause contained in the said recited act, whereby a liberty is given to grantees of the crown, tp prosecute with effect their claims within a certain time therein mentioned*

CAP. V.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land rax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one. Four jbtUmgs in the pouud.

CAP. VI.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army apd their quarters.

CAP. VII.

An act for the regulatian of his Majesty's marine forces, while on hare.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 8, 9, 16.

CAP. VIII.

An act to continue for -u further time an act made in tie tiybtb year of his present Majestfs reigns intituled An \ ad ro continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salted beef perky bacdn, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time $ and for allowing the importation of salted beef porky bacony and buttery from the British dominions in America, for a limited time

[Preamble.]

WHEREAStfj aft was made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's rttgtiy mtituUdy An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Irelcndy for a limited Ad5 Geo. III., time: old whereas an act was made in the eighth year of his present Mejefifs reign, to continue and amend the said first-mentioned act; s Geo

endy; r allowing the importation of salted beef porky bacon > and butter from the British dominions in America, for a limited time: and whereas by two afJs made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his present Majesty9the said loft mentioned act was continued until amJ tie first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy* one: andio GeoJIt end whereas it is expedient that the importation of all the said goods and commodities Should be allowed for a longer time; may it therefore please your Majesty that it taay be enacted; and be it enact-.ed by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, ih this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend enact made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in-titukdy An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland % for a limited time5 and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in AtnericOy for a limited time, shall continue, further eonti-and be in full force and effect, until the first day of March % one nued till thousand seven hundred and seventy-two. March 1.1771,

CAP. IX.

An act for the better paving, repairing, clean sing, lighting, and watching the streets and other publick pillages within the City of Wincheftei; and also within the feverak parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hide, Saint John's in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheesehikl, Saint Swithin and Saint Nfichad in the West Soke, in the suburbs of the said city; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein $ and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

CAP. X.

An act for carrying Info execution an agreement made between Peter Barrell. esquire, Surveyor general of his Majesty's lands, and the truf-tecs of Morden college, in the county of Kent, for enabling his Majesty his heirs and successors, to grant leases of Maktenftone hill, in the parish of Ealt Gieenwich, in the county of Kent, to the said trustees, upon the terms mentioned in the said agreement; and for empowering the said trustees to increase the salaries and pensions of the Treasurer, chaplain, and poor merchants, in the lard cotftgt.

[Preamble.]

AdioCw.UI.

which was to continue in force till March 14*77»

farther continued till March 34,77J.

[Preamble.]

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 11 — 16. [1770.

CAP. XI.

An act for further continuing two acts made in the sixth and ninth years of his Majesty's reign, for punishing mutiny and defer tioHy and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty's dominions in America.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign*, intitled, An act to continue an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for amending

and further continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; which ait was to continue and be in force in all his Majestys dominions in America, from the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, until the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two: and whereas it has been found necessary that the said act Should be continued fer a further time: May it therefore please your Majesty^bat it may be eroded; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said act shall be, and the same is hereby continued until the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

CAP. XII.

An act for better paving the streets, squares, lanes, courts, alleys, ways* and other publick pauages, in that part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the parish of Saint Mary Matfelion, otherwise'Whitechapel in the county of Middlesex, and also Red Lion street and White Lion street, lying contiguous to the said fields, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein.

CAP. XIII.

An act to explain a clause in an act of the last session of parliament, for better supplying the city of Worcester, and the liberties thereof, with water \ and for better paving and lighting the said city \ and for removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV.

An act for better regulating the poor within the city of Oxford.

CAP. XV.

An act for the better paving that part of the high street in the parish of Saint Mary Matfelion, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the county of Middlesex, and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XVI.

An act to tnable his Majesty to licence Playhouse in the town of Liverpoole, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

WHEREAS a liienfed playhouse in the town of Liverpoole, in the county palatine of Lancaster, would be of convenience to the said town-. May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be eaatted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 17; 15

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal; and commons, in this prAent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act of parliament, made in the tenth year of his late Majesty's Part of act reign, intituled An act to explain and amend so much of an act made10 960, Iir* in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act '

for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beg- players, gars, and vagrants, ' into one act of parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be fern, as relates to common players of interludes; whereby all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment or the stage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's household for the time being, except within the liberties of Westminster* or where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be, and the same is hereby repealed, with respect to the said town of Liver- repealed. fodi: and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre or playhouse within the said town of Liverpoole 5 which shall be intitled to all the privileges, and subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhouse in Great Britain is mtitled and subjected.

CAP. XVII.

An act to explain and amend so much of an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, for paving the town and borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, as relates to the commiftoners of fewer s \ and for regulating the manner of taxing churches* and other publick buildings, within the limits of the said act.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act Aa6. Geo. III. for paving the streets and lanes within the town and borough of*huthwark, and certain places adjacent, in the county of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and also the courts, yards, alleys, and passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein; it is, amongst other things enacted, That when and so often as there shall be occasion to make new or additional grates over any fewer or sewers within the said streets or lanes, or either of them, or to repair or alter any of the old grates belonging to the commissioners of sewers in the said streets or lanes, or either of them, the same shall be made new, repaired, or altered, by and at the expence of the said of of sewers: And it is also enacted, That when and so often as any fewer or drain, which is or shall be under the direction of the commissioners of sewers, and which shall be situate in, or communicating with the said streets or lanes, or either of them, shall require to be made new, repaired, altered, deanied, or emptied, then, and in every such case, the said of of sewers shall, within six days after notice given

to.

i6 Anno undecimo Georgii«III. C. 17. [1770.

to, or left for thei| surveyor for the time being, at his last 01 iifual place of abode, by the said commissioners appointed to put r the said act in execution, or any five or more of them, or by the

surveyor or other person authorised by them, make new, effec-

tually repair, clean, or empty such fewer of drain, as the case may require; and in default thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of appointed by the said act, or any five or more of them* or their lurveypr or surveyors for the time being, to cause such fewer or drain to be made new, repaired, altered, clean fed, or emptied, as the case may require, or so much thereof as shall remain unfinished: the charges and exigences whereof shall be paid by the commissioners for putting the said act in execution, who shall be reimbursed the same by the fclerk of treafufet for the time being to the said of of sewers; and in case the said clerk or treasurer to the said*of of sewers shall neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and difbu.fed, within ten days next after notice thereof shall be left at the dwelling-house, or last place of abode, of fitch clerk or treasurer, and signed by the clerk to the commissioners for putting the said act in execution, annexed to the bill containing an account of such charges and expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name of their clerk for the time being, agaiitd such clerk or treasurer of tbt of of sewers for the time being, for the recovery of fitch sum or sums of money as they shall have so expended for the purposes aforesaid: and whereas the commissioners for putting the said act in execution Monies dif- for the eastern division, have charged the said of of "Jr lewers, with the sum of seven hundred and five pounds, fifteen forp^viftg^8 shillings, and nine-pence hal(penny, and the commissioners for the*Western division have charged the said of with the sum of three hundred and ten pounds, eight shillings, and five-pence, amounting in the whole to the sum of one thousand and sixteen pounds, four shillings, and two-pence halfpenny, for the charges and expences of making new grates over the (ewers within the said streets or lanes, repairing and altering old grates therein, and of making new, repairing, altering, cleansing, and emptying several sewers or drams within the said streets or lanes, under the authority and in pursuance of the directions of and the ac- ^anc* have brought, or to be brought, an action

tiens broughtt law against the clerk for the time being to the said comtnif-t hereon. sioners of sewers for recovering part of the said monies, and which Doubts con- action is still depending: and whereas doubts have ariten whe-cerning the ther the said of of sewers are by their commission of authorised or Empowered to raise monies for the purposes men-of sewers. tioned in the said recited act: now, to the end that the said com-Intent of the nuAioners for putting the said recited act. in execution may be act. reimbursed the monies so by them charged to have been expend-

ed as aforesaid, together with the oofts and charges which have

lyjo,) Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 17. 17

accrued in and about the aforesaid action, and that the cleric for the time being to the said of of sewers may be saved harmless and indemnified therefrom, and that the said of of sewers may be duly authorised and impowered to rai^e monies for the purposes aforesaid: May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of rfce lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That - from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful (0 and for the commissioners of sewers, for the limits ex- to enquire by lending from E*Jl Mouldfey in the county of Surrey* to Raven/- a jury what borne in the county of Kent* or any fix or more of them, three own<£» ?*c# whereof are to be of the quorum* and they are hereby authoris- J^ from the ed and required to esquire, by the oaths of twelve or more ho- sewers within nest and lawful men, within the counties of Surrey and Kent re- Southwark, spectively, what person or persons hath or have, or holdeth or and to assess bold any messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments with- of

in the said limits, or hath, or may have any benefit or hurt, this act. loss, or di&dvantage, by any manner of means, from the sewers or drains within the said limits; and all those persons, and every of them, to tax, assess, charge, distrain, and punish, after the quantity of their messuages, lands, tenements, rents, and hereditaments, and the rate of every person's portion, tenure, and profit, for and towards the discharge and satisfaction of the monies which have been so expended by the said of, for putting the said before-recited act of the sixth year of his present Majesty into execution as aforesaid, and of the cods and charges which have accrued in and about the prosecution and defence of the action aforesaid, and of the necessary cods and charges incidental to the enquiry and assessment hereby directed to be made, and also of the cods and charges expended and laid out in or by reason of obtaining and passing this present act of parliament, by such ways and means, and in such manner and form, as to the said commissioners of sewers, or any fix or more of them, three whfreof shall be of the quorum* shall fcem meet; to be done and ordained according to and in pursuance of {^e powcnof the several powers and authorities veded in them by their com- their commis-

m.flion, or by virtue of an act of parliament made and passed in fioo. the twenty-third year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intiuled, The, bill of sewers* or any other act or acts of parliament made and now in force relating to the power and authority of the said of of sewers, or for the purpose of executing their commission.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Application from and out of the.monies to be raised and collected by the of the monies enquiry and assessment as aforesaid, the said of of sewers, or any fix or more them, three whereof shall be of the fusrum* shall, in the first place, pay and satisfy unto the said of in each diviuon for putting the said recited act in execution, or any five or more of them the monies so respectively

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 17J [1770.

expended by them as aforesaid j and in the nfext place, the cods and charges before mentioned, and in case there shall be any furphis remaining after such payments, the same shall be from time to time paid and applied by the said commissioners of sewers, in and towards the general charges and expences of executing their commission.

Directions to HE And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That of in case the commissioners for putting the said recited act in exe* for paving in cution, or any five or more of them, shall at any time or times, tiens of the* ^rom anc* a^cr*« Pane this act, think it necessary, or have hewers. occasion to make any new or additional grates over any fewer or sewers, within the Greets or lanes, or places comprised and mentioned in the said recited act, or any of them, or to repair or alter any of the old grates therein, or to make new, repair,

alter, cleanse, or empty any fewer or drain, which is or shall be under the direction or the commissioners of sewers, situate in, or communicating with the said Greets, lanes, and places aforesaid, or any of them; then the said of for putting the said recited act in execution-, dr any five or more of them, or their surveyor or surveyors for the time being, within their tespective divisions, or other person or persons authorised by them, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to give or leave notice in writing, unto and for the clerk for the time being to the said of bf sewers, at his usual or last place of abode, of their intention to have any such new or additional grates, made or placed over any fewer or sewers within the limits aforesaid, or to have any such reparation or alteration of the old grates therein, or to have any such fewer or drain The clerk to made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the case may fu mmon them ^. an(j c say clerJc is hereby directed and required, immediate-on )y a^cr delivery of any and every such notice as aforesaid, notice. to summon fix or more of the said of of sewers, who "shall be inhabiting or dwelling in or near the borough of Southwark, three whereof shall be or the quorum, to survey the grates, sewers, and drains, mentioned and specified in such notice, within ten days next after the receipt thereof; and they the said*of are hereby required and directed to survey the 'm"?ftwero fame> within the time before limited, and after such survey shall directed tt> he had and made, to cause such grates, sewers, and drains to survey the be forthwith made new, corrected, repaired, amended, altered, same, and to cleansed, emptied, or reformed, as the case shall require, and fcwer»^and8* t^ie oat's of a JUI7 to ^n^u*re what person or persons are or drains'to beought to contribute to the charges and expences thereof in each reformed, and division, and to tax, assess, charge, distrain, and punisti, all to enquire by and every such person and persons, for the redress and reforma-'ouU|it tobe t*on thereof* such ways and means, and in such manner and contributory form, 38 to the said of shall seem fit to be done and to the ex- oretained, according to and in pursuance of the several powers

pence. See. and authorities vested in them the said of by their

commission, or by virtue of the said act of parliament of the twenty-third year of the late King Hairy the Eighth, or any \ w i othei

1770.] Anno umfecrmo: G£okGU, iIL e. tfi /19

other act or acts of parliament made and pow in force relating to the power and authority of the said of of sewers, or for the purpose of executing their commission.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Where two rity aforesaid, That two parts in three (the whole into three parts in three equal parts being to be divided) of the monies to be raised and ?lon!?J£e cofleded by the enquiry and assessment aforesaid, shall be, and the same is. hereby dircded to be raised and collected upon the owners and occupiers of all the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate and being within the levels or di-finds, commonly called or known by the name or names of Bridgebeufe Slain, Gran Bank Mill Stream, Battle Bridge Mill Stream* Saint John of Jerusalem Sluice, Bare Sluice, Boars-head Sluice, Black Lyon Sluice, and Whitewall Sluice in the county of Surrey, and which are lying, being, or adjoining to any part or part of any other sluice, common, fewer, or.dream, running in or through any of the Greets, Janes or places comprised iir the did recited act of the fixrh year of his present Majesty; and that the other or remaining third part of the said monies mall be, and die lame is hereby; directed to be raised ^apd collided upon the owner and occupiers of messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in all the other levels ordiftrids within the limits, under the cognizance and juris-didioa of the said of of sewers, and not otherwise, or in any other manner.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* that CommHBon-; in case the said of of sewers shall neglect or refuse to er810 ca*fe cause any such grate, fewer, or drain to be made new, porreded,

repaired, amended, altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the case repaired»

shall require, for the (pace of fourteen days after the delivery of every such notice as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any five or more of the said of, who are or shall be authorised to put the said recited, act of the sixth year of his present Majesty in execution to cause every such grate, fewer, and drain, whereof such notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, to be made new, corrected, repaired, amended, altered, cleansed, emptied, and reformed, as the case may require, or so much thereof as shall be neglected to be finishad by the said of of sewers, the charges and expences whereof shall be paid by the of authorised to put the said last mentioned act in execution, who shall be.reioibursed the same by the clerk or expenditor general for the time being to the said of of sewers$ and in case the said clerk pr expenditor to the said of of sewers shall neglect or re- fufc to pay what shall have been so paid and dtfburied, within three months next after notice thereof shall be left at the dwelling-house or last place of abode of such clerk or expenditor,

(which notice shall be in writing, and signed by the clerk to the of authorised to put the said last mentioned act in Execution, and annexed to a bill containing an account of such charges and expences) it shall and may be lawful for any five or

b z more

zo Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 17. [1770.

more of the said last mentioned of, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name of their clerk for the time being, against such clerk or expenditor of the said Commissioners of sewers for the time being, and to recover upon any such action or actions, all and every of such sum and sums of money as shall have been expended by the commissioners for putting the said last mentioned act in execution, for the purposes aforesaid; 'in which action or actions no essoin, protection* or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and to keep

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that n^ieTtobe t*ie^of of sewers mall, and they are hereby di-collected by reded and required, from and immediately after the passing of afielTmenti. this act, to keep, for the future, (Separate and distinct accounts of all monies to be raised or collected by virtue of any rates or assessment which shall be made or allowed by the said commissioners, in each and every level or didridt within the limits

aforesaid; and that such monies shall be, from time to time,

paid, applied, disbursed, and expended by the said of* in, and towards the new-making, altering, amending, repairing, cleansing, and reforming the several sluices, sewers, drains, and grates, within each and every such such level or didridt wherein the said monies shall be raised or collected, at the rateable or proportionable part of such level or didridt, for and towards the general charges and expences attending the execution of the mid commission, and not otherwise; and that such separate accounts shall and may be inspected by any person or persons charged to the payment of any such rate or assessment who shall be intitled to have copies of such accounts, or any part thereof, upon payment of six-pence for every one hundred words contained therein.

Commissioners

VII. And whereas some doubts have arisen, whether the said snak*ne«r° of of sewers are authorised or impowered to make additional any new or additional grates over any fewer or (ewers, or to

grates. repair or alter anpof the old grates therein, or to cad, cleanic,

make new, repair, and alter the common sewers within their jurisdiction at the cods and charges of their commission: it is therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, that the said commissioners of sewers shall be, and they are hereby authorised and

impowered for the future, to make new or additional grates over any fewer or sewers, and to repair and alter any of the old grates therein, and to cad, deanse, make new, repair, and alter all and every of the common sewers, situate and being in the several levels or districts, within the limits aforesaid, as the case may require, and from time to time to assess and levy the charges and expences thereof, by an assessment on all the owners and occupiers of all or any messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the same levels or districts, as to them shall seem meet to be done j the right or claim of any such owners or occupiers now set up, or hereafter to be set up, by prescription or otherwise, for making new or additional grates over any such

fewer

21

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. i-?

fewer or fcwers, or for repairing or altering any of the old grates therein, or for calling, cleansing, repairing, or altering the same common sewers, at their own private colts or charges; or any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding: and Commissioners whereas by the said recited act it is enacted, that it shall be law-affcfs par, fll ful for the said of, at their discretion, and they arechurc e, < hereby required, from time to time, to rate and assess, for the purposes of the said act, allparish churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting- houses, schools, warehouses, hospitals, prisons, and all other publick buildings whatsoever, and all dead walls and void spaces of ground, situate and being within the said streets and other places, at a rate to be settled by the said of, not exceeding six-pence for every square yard belonging to every suchparish church, church yards, chapel, meeting-house, school, warehouse, hospital, prison, and other publick building whatsoever, dead wall and void space of ground: and whereas the said of have, under the authority of the said act, rated and assessed some churches, church-yards, publick buildings, dead walls, and void spaces of ground, within thevsaid streets and plaees by the square yard, for the whole content thereof, '

and others only for the content of the llreet or ground lying before the lame; be it therefore further enabled by the authority Commissioners aforesaid, that the of appointed, and hereafter to be appointed to appointed, to put the said recited act in execution shall, from and after the passing of this act, and they are hereby required, tien* from time to time, to rate and assess, for the purposes of the said recited act, all parish churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houses, schools, hospitals, prisons, and all other pubr lick buildings whatsoever, and all dead walls and void spaces of ground, situate and being within any of the said streets and other places, in an equal manner by the square yard, not exceeding the rate of sixpence for every square yard, lying between the said fences and the middle of the carriage-way lying before such parish churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houses, schools, hospitals, prisons, publick buildings, dead walls, and void spaces of ground, and not otherwise: provided that no owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors of any such publick buildings as aforesaid, shall be liable to pave or repair the pave-ments Wore such publick buildings respectively; any thing in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Commissioners Herbert Thomas and Richard RuJJel esquires; Beriah Hills* names.

William Biley, Joseph Collyer, Richard Bodmany Amos Angles,

William Mason % John Davisy Francis Holmes, Henry Whitt el

William Brownings Nathaniel Nichols y John Varnham, Richard Carpenter Smithy Richard Tomley, Richard Norfolk, Richard Toye

George Laney William Baldwin Junior, Daniel Morgan, James W<iibamy Wiliam Holmery Thorold Lowdclly Joseph Bratty Richard Mllesy Richard Bermet Gentlemen, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed of for putting in execution the bid recited act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, for b 3 paving

Anno uhdecimo GeorgifIII. c. i8. [1770.

paVing the streets and lanes within the town and borough of Southwark, and parts adjacent, in the said county of Surry, to* gether with the rest of the of nominated and appointed by the same act; and shall be and are hereby authorised and impowered to execute all and every the powers thereby, or by this present act, granted and allowed, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed in the said recited act.

Limitation of

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any xftuuu. suit or action shall be brought or prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing done, or to be done, in pursuance or under the authority of this present act, every such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the county where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, pejMrsl issue. may P^act the general issue, not guilty, and give this present act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had there* upon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall belaid in any other county or placej that then and in such case or cases, the jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall pass a-Treble costs. gain ft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants mall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall be taken and allowed in all courts of justice, as a publick act, and all judges, justices, and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XVIII. fin act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace and others who have omitted to register their qualifications, within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for those purposes.

WHEREAS divers persons, who, on account of their offices, places, employments or profffions, or any other cause or occa-ft on, ought to have taken and subscribed the oaths, or the assurance respectively appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed in and have omitted by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late mofejly King to take the George the First, of glorious memory, intituled An act for the ed'b^sft01^urliler security of his Majesty's person and government, and 1 GeoA. the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Act 13 Car.*. Sophia, being protestantsj and for extinguMhing the hopes of the publick act.

[Preamble.]

Persons who

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.; 8U 4j

the pretended prince of Wales and his open and secret abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second* inti- Act t$ £ar.s* tided* An act for the well-governing and regulating corporations; er to have qualified themselves according to another act, made it tie twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing the dangers which may happed from popish recusents, by receiving the sacrament of the Lorfs Jtpper* according to the usage of the church of England, and making codficbfcribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein men-timely or according to another act, made in the thirteenth year of Act 13 Car.* tie reign of King Charles the Second* intituled An act for the snore effectual preserving the King's person and government, by distbling papists from fitting in either house of parliament; cr according to another act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign Act xS. Geo. s. of his late majesty King George the Second, of glorious memory, in* iituledy An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled An cfl for the further qualification of justices of the peace; or according, u another act made in the thirtieth year of his said late Majeshfs Geo. u reign, intituled An act for the better ordering of the militia 3 forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England; have, through ignorance of the law, abj'ence, or same unavoidable accident, omitted to take and subscribe the fold oaths and cffurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such tirnty and in such manner, as in and by the said acts respectively, or b) ony other act of parliament in that behalf made and providedy is required9 whereby they may be in danger of incurring divers penalties end inabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majesty's subjects, and for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of such omijjhns 3 be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and qualifying be-every person and persons who shall, on or before the twenty-0Tt Nov* eighth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and fe-77U venty-one, take and subscribe the said oaths and assurance respectively, in such cases wherein by law the said oaths and assurance ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and in such place and places, as are appointed in and by the said act made in the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, or by any other ift or acts of parliament in that behalf made and provided 5 and: !so receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the usage of the church of England, and make and subscribe the aid declaration against transubstantiation, in such cases wherein he said sacrament ought to have been received, and the said !ec!aration ought to have been made and subscribed; or take and subscribe the oath directed by the said act in the eighteenth car of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, a such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken


*4 Anno undecimo GpdRGii ill. c.iflJ [1770.

and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is di reded; indemnified shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, a gam it for- from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and diffeitures. abilities, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any former neglect or omission of taking or subscribing the said oaths or assurance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declaration respectively, according to the above-mentioned acts, or any of them, or any other act or acts; is and are, and shall be fully and actually recapacitated, and restored to the same state and condition as such person or persons were before such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the above-mentioned acts, and every of them; and that all acts done, or to be done, by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from him or them, are,

' and shall be, of the same force and validity as the same or any

of them would have been, if such person or persons had taken the said oaths or assurance, and received the sacrament of the Lord's supper, and made and subscribed the said declaration, or taken and subscribed the said oath respectively, according to the direction of the said acts, and every of them; and that such person or persons qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed by this act, shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual, as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and ' subscribed the said oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

Not to extend

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con-to rettore per- tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore tons to any or intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, b^udeement* benefice, matter or thing, whatsoever, already actually avoided*9by judgement of any of his Majesty's courts of record, already

filled up or enjoyed by any other person; but such office, employment, benefice, matter or thing, so avoided or filled up, and enjoyed, shall be, and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now intitled to the same, as if this act had never been made.

Nor toindem-

III. Provided also, That this act, or anything herein con-nity persons tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indem-for penalties nify any person against whom final judgement shall have been incqrred. given, in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred, by having neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 20. 25

CAP. XIX.

An act for mending certain of the mile-ways leading to Oxford; for ifiakiigacommodious entrance through the parish of Saint Clement; for rtboilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge $ for making commodious.

road from the faief bridge, through the university and city, and the moves leading thereto; for cleanBng and lighting the streets, lanes, % and places, within the said university and city, and the suburbs there-of, and the said parish of Saint Clement; for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future5 for impowering colleges and corporations to alienate their estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating markets within the said city; and for other purposes.

CAP. XX.

An net to enable lunaticks intitled to renew leases, their.guardians and committees, to accept of surrenders of old leases, and grant new ones.

WHEREAS ly the laws now in force, lunaticks, or their Pfr?^r guardians or committees, have not any power or authority, upon a jurrtnder of any lease of lands* tenements, or hereditaments,

J; r the life or lives of one or more person or persons, or for terms of jeon absolute or determinable* on the death of one or more per-Jcn cr persons, to make a sure or effectual renewal of such lease or Itoses, which is frequently to the detriment of such lunaticks end their families, and always to the prejudice of the person or persons intitled ts such renewal: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament alfetnbled* and by the authority of the same, That from from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand sevenJ|l77, t Lu-hundred and seventy-one, in all cases where any lunatick is or naticks, their shall be intitled* or has right to renew any lease or leases made guardians or granted, or to be made or granted, for the life or lives of one or more person or persons, or for any term or number of years, absolute or determinable on the death of one or more person or persons, or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such lunatick, or his or her guardian or guardians, committee or committees, of his estate, in his, her, or their name or names, by the direction of the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper or lords commissioners of the great seal of Great Britain for the time being* signified by an order made on hearing all parties concerned, upon petition, in a summary way, from time to time, to accept of a surrender aCceot of

or surrenders of such lease or leases; and to make and execute surrender«, to any person or persons, bodies politick* or corporate or col- and make new legiate, aggregate or foie, a new lease or leases of the premises leases* comprised in such lease or leases so to be surrendered by virtue of this act, for and during ifoch number of lives, or for such term or terms of years, determinable upon such number of lives, or for such term or terms of years absolute, as was or were mentioned or contained in fuel; lease or leases so surrendered*

6 Anno undecimo Georgii III. C.aj* — ' % [1770.

dered, at the making thereof, or otherwise, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper or lords com-tnifitoners of the great seal of Great Britain rot the time being, by any such order, so to be obtained as aforesaid, shall direct. Leases foexe-

II. And be it farther enabled and declared by the authority cuted declared aforesaid, That all and every such lease or leases, so to be made ^ua|nd or executed as aforesaid, shall be, and be deemed as good and valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, as

if such lunatick was at the time of making or executing the re-

of, of fane mind, and had executed the same in his or her own proper person; any thing in this act, or any former law, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

Premiums

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-paid on re- rity aforesaid, That all fines, premiums, foregifts, and sums of

viewing leases money, which shall or may be had, received, or paid for, or

di»ael)#to eo on account renewing of any such lease or leases as a-

to the guar- foresaid, shall (after a deduction of all necessary incident dians of tuna-charges and expences) be paid to the guardian or guardians, committee or committees, of the said lunatick, and be applied and disposed of for the benefit of such lunatick, in such manner as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, pr the lord keeper or lords of of the great seal of Great Britain, shall On death of direct: but, upon the death ol* such lunatick or lunaticks, all lunaticks, mo- such sum and (urns of money as shall arise by such fines, pre-cy miums, or foregifts, or so much as shall remain unapplied for

te^ontideied ^>enefit such lunatick or lunaticks, at his, her, or their real estate, un- death, shall, as between the representatives of the real and per* less such luna- fonal estates of all such lunaticks, be considered as real estate, ticks shall be unless such lunatick or lunaticks shall be tenant for life only \ tenant for life an(j t^e same shall^considered as personal estate.

CAP. XXI.

An act for paving Wapping Street, in the county of Middlesex, and the several streers and passages leading into the same j and for removing all encroachments and obstructiom therefrom, and preventing the like for the future $ and for opening a paflaqe from Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane j and paving such pastage, and for the cast GJe of Nightingale Lane.

CAP. XXII. din all to amend and render more effectual several acts made relating to paving, cand lighting the /quarts, streets, lanes, and other places within the city and liberty

of Westminster, and parts adjacent.

[Preamble.

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the jtar

Act* Geo. 3.*V of the reign of his p For paving, cleansing,

Cap. 1. and lighting the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, the parishes of Giles in the Saint George the Martyr, Saint Bloomsbury, those parts

of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, which lie in the county of Middlesexj the several liberties of the Rolls and Savcy, and

that

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22: 2f

hat part of the duchy of Latuqfter which lies in the county of

Mlidlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein, and for other mrposes therein mentioned; and several other acts Wire made in be third\ fourth, fifth, and sixth years of his said present Mojofly, fa omening the first-mentioned act, or for enabling the of thereby appointed more effectually to carry the purposes of the said acts into execution, and great progress bath been made in the works by the said oils directed to be performed; but the of are unable csmplete the same without further aid: and whereas it is apprehended that it would forward the good purposes of the said acts, and

>/ a great eofe to the present of, if an additional number of

mmissionerswere to bk elected and appointed by each parish, precind,

mi place, toad with the present of: and also, if a certain

umber of the inhabitants within each parish, precind, and place,

me to be elected and appointed as committees to affijl in carrying the

rid offs into execution, within their respective parishes, prefinds,

ni paces: and whereas some further powers and authorities are

vcssary to be given, and some further regulations made, in order to

ftft the purposes aforesaid: May it therefore please your Majesty,

hat it may be enacted; and be it enacted by th#e King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

ords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

lament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the Veftiymenand

reftrymen of the several parishes of Saint fames. Saint Margaret, inhabitant*

hint John the Evangelifi, Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint George,

Hanover Square, and Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the city onaj commis-md liberty of Westminster, and of the parishes of Saint Giles in the Goners within Fields, and Saint George, Bloomsbury, in the county of Middlesex, and their respecthe inhabitants who have a right to assemble in vestry, or other JJhoarT^be jublick meetings of the several parishes of Saint Anne, within joined with the the liberty of Westminster aforesaid, and of Saint Clement Danes, present com* tnd Saint Mary le Strand, as well within as without the liberties missioner*. uf the said city and the precind* of the Savoy, and of the parishes rf Saint Andrew, Holborn, above the Bars, and Saint George the Martyr, and of the liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rats, in the said county of Middlesex, (except such part of the last mentioned liberty as has been paved, lighted, and cleansed by virtue of an act of parliament, intituled An act for the tetter paving, cleanfpig and enlightening the city of London, and tie liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances toitlin the same, and for other jmrposes therein mentioned; and for repelling an act made in the sixth year of his present Majestys reign, f: r these purposes; shall, and they are hereby respectively im- powered and required to meet and assemble in the vestry-rooms, or other usual places of meeting, for transacting the publick business of such parirties, precincts, and places, upon the fe-cirid Thursday after the passing of this act, or within eight days afterwards, between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, and to eledb and appoint an additional number of of for carrying the said acts, and this act, into execution, as herein after mentioned; (that is to say, )

three

28 i Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22J TI77°*

three persons for the parish of Amf Margaret* JVefimmJler 5 three persons for the parish of JMw the EvangtHft; three persons for the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields; three persons for the parish of Saint George* Han&ver Square5 three persons for the parish of Saint James; three persons for the parish of Saint Anne\ three persons for the parish of Saint Paul, Caveat Garden; three persons for the parish of Saint Clement Danes* and so much of the duchy of Lantajler as lies in the said parish of Saint Clement Danes; three persons for the parish of Saint Mary It Strand, and so much of the duchy of Lancaster as lies in the said parish of Saint Mary le Strand; three persons for the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields; three persons for the parish of Saint George* Bloomsbury; three persons for such part of the parish of Saint Andrew* Holborn, as lies in the liberty above the bars; and three persons for the liberty of Saffron HiU, Hatton Garden* and Ely Rents \ three persons for the parish of Saint George the Martyr; and one person for the precinct of the Savoy; which laid persons, so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby joined with the commissioners appoint-r ed or elected, or to be elected by virtue of the said act of the second year of his present Majesty, for putting the said several before-mentioned acts, and this act, in execution, and shall be veiled with the like powers and authorities, in all respects whatsoever, as those of are veiled with.

II. Provided always, That no person shall be capable of being elected or appointed a commissioner by virtue of this act, or of acting as such, who shall not be a householder and resident within such part of the parish, precinct or place, for which he shall be elected or appointed, as shall be within the limits of the said former acts and this act; and when any of the of to be elected or appointed by virtue of this act shall die, resign, refuse to act, or shall ceale to be householders and residents as aforesaid; that then, and as often as either of the said cases shall happen, the said vestrymen respectively, or other inhabitants having a right to assemble in vestry, or publick meetings where there is no select vestry, in and for such pa-riftics, precincts and places, shall, from time to time, elect and appoint one other commissioner, in the place of every commissioner so dying, resigning, or refusing to act, or being incapable of acting.

Vestrymen III. And, for the better eflfedting the purposes of the said fe-and inhabi- veral acts and this act, be it further enacted, That the vestry-committee U*men> or ol*ier inhabitants having a right to assemble as afore-menToaffiftin said, within the several parishes, precincts, or places aforesaid, the execution shall assemble in the vestry-rooms, or other places of meeting as afore-mentioned, upon the second Thursday after the passing this act, or within eight days then after; and also on the second Thursday in the month of February, annually afterwards, between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, and shall elect and appoint any number of persons, being householders, resident in such parish, precinct or place.

Additional commissionere to be householders resident within their parish of this act.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 21.*9

not exceeding twenty-one, nor less than seven; and the persons so elected and appointed shall be, and are hereby constituted a committee for the better carrying the several purposes of the said acts, and this act, into execution, ' within their respective parishes, precincts and places, and for superintending and in-speding all or any of the works carrying on or performed by virtue of the said former acts and this act, within their* respectWe parishes, precincts and places, and for examining the several bills relative thereto, and for certifying to the of such bills and other allowances for payment as they shall find to be fair and just, or objeding to the payment of such as shall be found otherwise (the salaries allowed by the of to their officers, and the contingent expences of the commission only excepted) on which certificates for payment, but not without, (except as aforesaid) the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, from time to time, when they have approved of such bills, order the same to be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person elected and 00*1*4^0* appointed a commissioner by virtue of this act, shall be capable oTcoramif-of acting as such, unless he shall be, in his own right, in the fiouers. actual possession or receipt of rents and profits of lands, tenements or hereditaments, either freehold or copyhold; of the

clear yearly value of three hundred pounds, or possessfed of or intitled unto a personal estate to the amount or value of ten thousand pounds, or be heir apparent of a peer or lord of parliament 5 and that no person elected or appointed a committeeman by virtue of this act, shall be capable of acting as such, unless he shall be then resident and an householder in the said parish or place, and seised and possessfed of a real or personal estate, or real and personal estates together, of the value of two thousand pounds.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person al- Commission-

ready appointed, or hereafter to be elected a commissioner by era shall not virtue or all or any of the before-recited acts, or of this act, !*concerned shall be capable of acting as such, who shall hold any office of|^y^a' profit, or have any share, or be any way interested or concerned

in any contract or work to be done in or about the execution of any of the powers of the said former acts, or of this act, nor shall any person to be elected a committee-man as aforesaid be capable of acting as a committee-man, who shall hold any office of profit, or have any share, or be any way interested or concerned in, any contract or work to be cone by virtue or in I pursuance of this present actj but every fu£h commissioner and committee-man shall, in any or either of such cases, be thenceforth for ever disqualified to act as a commissioner, or committee-man; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and in case any such person not being qualified, or Commission-so disqualified as aforesaid, for a commissioner, mnll neverthe- cr» ailing'less presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of the wbb?ut bein* said former acts, or this act, every such person shall, for every?orfc\t cooi; offence* forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to c 5

30 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.a2. [1770.

any person or persons who will sue for the fiune; and in case any such person not being qualified, or so disqualified as aforesaid, for a committee-man, frail nevertheless presume to act as a committee-man, every such person frail, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to any person or persons who will sue for the same, such respective forfeitures to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by action of debt or on the case, or by bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance frail be allowed; and every such person so prosecuted frail prove he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said respective penalties, upon proof given of his having ailed as a commissioner or committee-man, as the case may be, in the execution of the said acts, or of this act.

Except the

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, maftoof the That the right honourable the mailer of th o.Rplh for the rime rolls and being, and the dean of Westminster for the time being, shall be of for putting the said former alls and this act in execution, and that their being such shall be a sufficient qualification to them; any thing in the said former acts, or this act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Committees

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said committees may meet and frail meet in the vestry-rooms, or other places of meeting as adjourn. aforementioned, within fourteen days after they frail have been chosen as aforesaid, and may adjourn from time to time, and meet there, or at any other place or places within the said parities, precincts, or places respectively, as often as they shall Duty of com- think fit; and they, or any five or more of them, frail have xnittee-men. authority, and are hereby impowered to fee that all contrails heretofore made and entered into for any works to be done within their respective parities, precincts, and places, are welt and duly performed and executed according to the terms and conditions of all such contracts; and they are also to examine into, and to hear all complaints which shall be made to, or brought before them, by any of the inhabitants or any other person or persons, against any contractor or contractors, by examination of witnesses upon oath, (which oath the committee, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer;,) and the said respective committees, or any three or more of them, frail survey the works, or enquire into the matters which are the subject of the complaint, and report the same, and the examinations so taken, to the said of*at their next or second meeting after such complaint made and survey taken, or enquiry made; and upon such report being made to the said of, they the said of frail and are hereby required, from time to time, to impose a fine or fines upon every such contractor for nonperformance of his contract, as they are authorised and impowered by the said former acts, any or either of them, to do, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and if it shall happen that there frail not appear three or

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22: q*

more of such committee-men at any meeting which shall be appointed to be had or held, then, and in such case the clerk to such committees respectively shall, and is hereby required, to summoa the whole committee to meet at the place where the last meeting was appointed, within eight days then next following; and such committees shall, at all their meetings, bear their own expences; but no act of any such committee shall be valid, un-lese made or done at some meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, at which meeting not lefo than three, five or more committee-men, as required by this act, shall be presect; and all the powers and authorities by this act granted to or veiled in such committees, shall and may, from time to time, be exercised by the major part of the committee-men who (hill attend at any publick meeting to be holden as hrrein before-mentioned, the number of such committee-men present at such meeting not being less than three or five, as required by this act; and all the orders and proceedings of the major part of such committee-men so assembled shall have the same force and effect as if done or made by all the committee-men for the time being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Committees lawful to and for the said respective committees, not less thannay appoint five committee-men being present at any meeting, or meetings, officer*» to be held in pursuance of this act, to appoint a clerk, and also to appoint one or more supervisor or supervisors, collector or collectors, inspector or inspectors, and shall take such security for the due execution of such of their respective offices, as the said respective committees shall think proper, and may likewise, from time to time, remove all such clerks, supervisors, collectors or inspectors, and appoint others in the room of such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die, and appoint such Maries and other allowances to them, for and in consideration of his and their trouble in executing his or their office and offices respectively, and also such allowances to such other person or persons as shall be aiding and affiffing in and about the execution of this act, as the said respective committees shall think reasonable; all which salaries and allowances shall be paid, from rime to time, as the same shall become due and payable in manner herein after directed; and every such committee may discontinue and not fill up the vacancy to be occasioned by the death or removal of any supervisor or inspector, whenever any of the said committees respectively shall think such officer unnecessary for them; but if any person so appointed clerk, supervisor, collector or inspector, shall exact, take or accept any fee or reward whatsoever, other than such salaries and allowances as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the respective committees for oc on account of any thing done or to be done by virtue of this act, or on any account whatsoever relative to putting the said acts, or this act, in execution, or shall be any-ways concerned in interest in any bargain made, or to be made, relative who shall not to this act, every such person so offending in any such case, shall be concerned be incapable of ever serving under this act, and shall, over and j^001*

above.

Proceedings

tered in books.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1770.

above, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which suit no essoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: provided always, that then-spe&or or inspectors shall be elected annually, and that the salary of each such inspector shall be allowed and confirmed by the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their meetings; and that the office of supervisor in each of the said parishes, precincts, and places, shall be discontinued when and as foori as all the said (quarts, streets, lanes, and places in each and every such parish, precinct, and place respectively, shall be new-paved pursuant to this act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That of the commit- all the acts, orders, and proceedings of the said committees

be en- shall, from time to time, be entered in books to be kept for those purposes by the clerks to the said committees, and shall be signed by the chairman of each respective committee, at their next meeting; and all such orders (b signed shall be deemed and taken to be original orders, and shall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever; but no act or order of any of the committees shall be valid, unless done or made at some meeting to be held in pursuance of this act; and all such books and proceedings of the said respective committees shall and may be perused and inspected, at all feaibnable times, by the said of, or by their clerk for the time being, or by such other person or persons as the said of shall appoint for that purpose, who may also take copies thereof, or extracts therefrom, without fee or reward.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said of, ers may order or any five or more of them, shall have authority, and are here-what streets by impowered, from time to time, to order and direct in what &c anihow* manner» an<* w^at materials, all or any of the squares, signifying the Greets, lanes, and places within the respective parUhes and li-fame to the berties aforesaid, shall be new-paved or repaired, and what committees, number of lamps shall be put up and kept lighted therein, and

how the same shall be placed, and how often the same squares, streets, lanes, and places, shall be cleansed, (having respect to the abilities of the inhabitants of the places to be so paved, lighted, and cleansed, and the monies which by virtue of the powers of this act can be raised therein), and shall signify such their orders and directions in writing to the said committees respectively, by causing a copy or copies of every such order and direction to be delivered to or left for the clerk of each respective committee, who shall and is hereby required to lay the same before every such committee at the next meeting.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every committee, as soon as conveniently may be, and, at farthest, within one calendar month, after any such order or direction shall be laid before them, shall cause notice to be given by advertisement in

fom?

Commission-

Committees aro to adver-ti(e for contractors i

2

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. ii.

same or one of the publick newspapers, fix Several days at the lead, that such committee will meet at a time and place to be expressed in such advertisement, at the distance of fourteen days or more from the time of the first publication of such advertisement, to receive proposals from any person or persons willing to contrail for paving or repairing, lighting, and clcapfing- the

particular squares, drects, lanes or other places so ordered $n4 -

directed by the said commissioners to be paved or repaired, light- '

ed, and cleansed, agreeable to such orders and directions j and the said committeees respectively (not less than five committee-, and to enter*men being present) shall and may, and they are hereby impow- »to contract ered, to make any contrail or contrails in writing with any fit rPa8i person or persons, for repairing, or for paving and keeping in repair, lighting, and deanfing sill or any fuqh squares, dreets, lanes, or places, so ordered and direHcd to be repaired, paved, lighted and cleansed, every such contrail to specify the several works to be done, the prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when or within which the said works are to be compleated, and the forfeitures or penalties to be borne or differed for the non performance thereof \ and being signed by five or more committee-men, and by the person or persons contracting to perforin such works, shall, together with a true copy of every such contract, attested by the derk, and also with the original proposals and copies of all minutes and other proceedings of the committee relative thereto, be transmitted to and laid before the of at their next meeting; which contract or contracts being by them, or any five or more of them, at that or some other subsequent meeting, within one month then next, confirmed by some proper subscription at the foot thereof, or to be indorsed thereon, and signed by five or more of the said of, if they shall so think fit, such contract, and the proposal on which the same is founded, shall be returned to the clerk to the respective committees, within seven days from the time of such confirmation; and if such contract or contrails Contracts*shall be so confirmed, then, and not otherwise, the same shall shall be bmd-be valid and efie#ual in law, and carried into execution, and »ng until con-the performance thereof shall and may be enforced by action at firmcdi law, or otherwise, by and in the name or names, and at the n" suit of or against the committee for the time being, and the contractor or contractors, his or her executors or administrators, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof; but every such contract not so confirmed within the time last aforesaid shall be void, and the parties thereto shall thenceforth be absolutely discharged of and from the same, and every covenant, protnife, and engagement therein contained, both at law and in equity, as if the same had never been made; and the committee making such contract or contrails so not coufinned, as soon after as the same shall so become void, and so toties quo ties, shall and may again advertise for proposals in manner aforesaid, and make any fresh contract or contracts, and transmit the same, with the copy or copies thereof, for confirmation in manner aforesaid, <o-Voir. XXIX. C # gether

34* Ana&undecimo Georgii III. c. Z2. [1770.

gether with all the proposals and proceedings of the committees relative thereto; and such contract or contracts shall and may be confirmed or made void in manner aforesaid, at the discretion of the said of, in the same or like manner as before enacted or directed. I

How streets. XUf And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, &c. which lie That wherever it shall be found that any of the squares, streets, es (hal^be: ^ncs<'or 'plwes, subjected to the powers of this act, are lying

paved. m or more parishes, prccinds, or liberties, the commission-

144 ers for the rime being shall and may, and are hereby impowered

*'r ' to order and direct the whole of any such square, facet, lane, or place, to bd paved or repaired, lighted, and cleaafed, by and Uhdtir the direction of the committee of any or either of the said parishes, precincts, or liberties, and to order and direct what j sum in gross shall be paid by the conunitteeor committees of the other of the said parishes, prccinds, or liberties, towards and in respect-of the charges of paving amUetting.up lamp-irons, removing obfauctions, and other incidental expencesand also what annual, quarterly, or other sums shall be paid by fudt other committee or committees, towards and in respect of the re- ! pairing and keeping in repair, lighting, and deanfing the fiune, ! to the committee by whom or under whole directions, such square, street, lane, or place, shall be so paved or repaired, or kept in repair, lighted, and cleansed; and that such gross sum shall-be paid accordingly, by and out of the monies to be raised by the -additional rate; and such annual, quarterly, or other sums, shall be paid accordingly, by and out of the other rate or assessment hereby directed to be made and assessed, for the purposes of repairing, cleansing, and lighting, by the committee, or committees, by whom the same shall be so directed to be paid. How pay-

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declar-mentsfor sub-ed, That for and in respect of all such pontrads as have been nhcret°for€ made and entered into by the of appoint-made. al °C vhtue of the said former acts, to and with any person or persons, for repairing, lighting, or cleansing, any of thefquares* fcreets, lanes, and places aforesaid, for any time or term yet subsisting, and not expired, the committees to be chosen in and for ever)' the parishes, precincts, and places respectively, in which the squares, streets, lanes, and places to be repaired, lighted, and cleansed, in pursuance of every such subsisting contract lies, shall, and are hereby impowered and required (a true copy of every such contract, signed by the clerk to the said of, being first laid before them) to direct, order, and cause the monies which shall be collected by virtue of the rates or assessments herein and hereby directed to be made (the said additional rate and rates only excepted) or so much thereof as shall be necessary and sufficient for that purpose, to be paid to the treasurer or treasurers of the said of, for the enabling the said of to apply, and to be by them applied, in payment and satisfaction of the future growing payments to become due and payable upon, and by virtue of, such subsisting contracts.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. zt 35

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That When sublist-when and as often as the time for the doing ail or any, part of ing contract the work or business to be done, or finding and providing mate- j^ttces may* rials to be-provided, brand in pursuance of such now-subsisting advertise for contract or contracts, majl expire 5 then, and from thenceforth, ff«fe con-

the committee to be chosen in and for the parish, precinct, or tra^s* place, in which the squares, streets, lanes, and places do Jie, which are cocnprifed in, and to be repaired, lighted, or cleansed, under and by virtue of such contractor contracts, thattaadhnay, by order of the of, advertise for, and receive.propo-fils, and make any contract or contracts, subject to the; controll! and confirmation of the said of, either- for repairings cleansing, and lighting, cftrfornew.paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares, streets, lanes, and places comprised in such expired contra^ or coatra&e, theretofore contracted to be repaired, cleansed, and lighted as aforesaid, in the same or like manner asthe said committees reijfoCiively are herein beforedireSedandenacted to advertise for propofah, and make original contracts for pawing, or for repairing, lighting, and cleansing any such squaves, streets, and lanes, as have not been hitherto paved, lighted, and cleansed, by virtue of any of the acts of parliament herein before recited.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All contrails That no contract shall, at any time, be made or entered into, in to be made any year, by virtue of this act, but between the first day of Jo-

nuary and the first day of July* except in cases of death of the first July, contractors, or in cases of failure of contract; any thing cop-tamed in any of > the before-mentioned acts to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The bufinefg That it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or in- of the survey-spedor, appointed or to be appointed by the said of

for the time being, tosurvey, view, and inspect, within all and every the squares, streets, lanes, and places hereby schjected to the powers of this act, and also to and for the supervifoc or inspector, to be appointed by each and every of the several committees respectively, to view and inspect, within the several and respective pari (he*, precinCls, and places, in and for which every such supervisor dr mfpedor shall have been appointed, as well all and every the works done or begun to be done, as also to view the condition of the pavements of the said several squares, streets, lanes, and places not begun or contracted to be done, in pursuance of this act; and to and for the said surveyor to the of, to present upon oath to the said of, and also to and for such supervisors or irispectors, appointed by the several committees, to present upon oath to the said committees respectively (which oath the said of, or three or more of them, and the said committees respectively, oranv three committee-men, are hereby iirtpowered to atlmuiifter) all defective and bad pavements within the said squares, streets, lar.es, and phees not paved nor beguii ter be new paved, under

c 2 the

3$ Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.«t.

[1770.

the powers of the said acts, or this act; and thereupon, or upon the reasonable complaint and request of any three or more house-holders, dwelling in any square, street, lane, or place, wherein cause of complaint shall be, in writing under their hands, every such respective committee shall thereupon give notice thereof to the said of, in writing, and shall and may cause all and every such pavements not under contrail, to be well and fuffidently repaired forthwith, or as (bon as conveniently may be, and trie expence thereof to be defrayed by and out of any monies to arise by any rate or rates hereby directed to be made, for the purposes of repairing, cleansing, and lighting} and in case such pavements so presented or complained of shall be under contract made by or with any such committee to be paved or repaired, and the paving and repairing thereof shall not be well and (efficiently performed, according to the intent and: meaning of such contrail or contrails, or shall not be finished and compleated at or within the time or times that the same are -or is agreed to be compleated by the contractor or contractors, the supervisor or inspectpr appointed by each committee respectively shall report the same to such committee at their next meeting, and the said surveyor or inspector to the commissioners for the time being shall and may report the same to the said of, at their next or other subsequent meeting; and such committee shall and may, in the joint names of any two or more of them, bring, institute, commence, and prosecute an action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of law at a-

gainst any person or persons so contracting, and not performing any such contrail or contracts, for any or all the penalty and penalties contained in such contract or contrails, within one month next after such report made to the said committee; and if the hud committee shall not, within one month next after such report made to them, bring, institute, and commence such action; then, and at any time then after, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners for the time being, if they Audi so think fit, in the joint names of any two or more of them, or in the name of any person appointed by them, or any three or more of them, for that purpose, to bring, institute, commence, and prosecute an action or actions of debt, against the contractor or contractors, in such court for such penalty and penalties, and in such manner, as the committees respectively are herein before directed or enabled to do; and on proof of the signing the said contrail or contrails, and nonperformance thereof at the time or times therein for that purpose mentioned, the plaintiffs, in every such action, shall be intitled to, and shall recover such penalty or penalties, which, when received, shall be applied for the purposes of this act, within the parish, precinct, or place in which the cause of action arose, and not otherwise or elsewhere.

Streets, tee.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and belonging to declared, That nothing in this act, or any of the said former nlntmi*'&* contained, shall authorise or require the said of,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22; 37

or committee of any parish, precinct, or place, to pave, repair, cleanse, or light the streets, lanes, courts, yards, or any other place or places, situated before or belonging to any royal palace, ground, or building, which now belongs or hereafter shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, any thing in this act, or in any of the former acts contained to the contrary note withstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this act contain- Also squares

ed shall extend, or be construed to extend to Golden Square, jj/iand places Lyon Square, or to any other square, street, or place, now paved, Jhic"* cleansed, and lighted, under any particular act of parliament, ar

XIX. And whereas there are several streets and places within the^certain part united parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, of Saint Mar-where the inhabitants are not of ability to raise money sufficient to de- garet and fray the expence of new-paving or repairing, chanting, and light- eSSted^utU* ing fitch streets and places, under the regulations joj this att\ be it the inhahi-therefore enacted and declared. That, it shall not be lawful for tints are of the said of appointed to put this act in execution, to ability to con* order or direct any of the streets or places within the said pa- tri^e to: ' rishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, to be new-

paved or repaired, cleansed, or lighted, except the several streets and places herein after-mentioned; (that is to say) Parliament Street, Darby Street, Downing Street, King Street, Fludyer Street,

Crown Street, Crown Court, Charles Street, New Charles Street,

Duke Street, Delahay Street, Great George Street, Little George Street, Canon Row, Brewers Yard, Dorset Court, Mdnchester Buildings, The Fiji Market, New Court, Bridge Street, Little Bridge Street, Unton Street, Saint Margaret Street, Abingdon Street,

Utile Abingdon Street, Mtlbank Street to the Horse Ferry, Market Street, to the high road near the Bvra/ Ground, Graf Street, Little Queen Street, Princes Court, Pori Profpefl, Long Ditch, Broken Cross, Graf Sanctuary, Little Sanctuary, Old Tot-Street, Dartmouth Street, Dartmouth Row, Brad the street leading from the Brad to Queen*s Square, Queen's Square,

Petty France, and James Street, and lueh other streets and places, or parts of streets and places, as are already new-paved, cleansed, and lighted, under the direction of the of appointed by the said former acts; nor shall any rate or assessment be ' made by virtue of this act, for the purposes of paving, repairing, cleaning, or lighting any part of the said parishes, other tharj as herein before mentioned, any thing in this act, or in any former act, to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding,

XX. Provided nevertheless, That if at any time hereafter any Piwifa, streets or places within the limits which are exempted from being paved, repaired, lighted, and cleansed as aforesaid, shall her come so advanced in rents as that the inhabitants thereof shall,

in the opinion of the of, be of ability to contribute a reasonable sum to the paving, repairing, lighting, and cleansing the same, under the authority of this act, then, and from thence* forth, such particular streets and places shall be subject to be paved, repaired, lighted, and cleansed, ip such xpann?r* and by

f 3 faph

Such parts of the said parches so exempted to remain under

Inhabitants liable to be charged for paving, &c. by this act, exempted from former

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1770.

Aieh ^ays and means, as the several tqUaffej, streets, lanes, and other places, which ore under the direction of the said eemmif-Goners or committee-men, can Or may be paved, repaired, lighted, and cleansed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Greets and places within any of the said parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the EvangeM, not subject to be paved, repaired, cleansed, Or lighted as aforesaid, shall (till remain subject to the powers

former arts of «nd previsions of such former acts of parliament, as do now, or parliament, did'before the making of this act, extend to such other Greets and places, any thing contained in this present a(51 to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the inhabitants, owners and occupiers, of all and every or any lands, grounds, houses, (hops, warehouses, wharfs, coach-houses. Rabies, cellars, vaults, buildings, tenements, or hereditaments, in all and every the squares, Greets, lanes, and places hereby directed to be paved, or to be repaired, lighted, and cleansed, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, be absolutely exonerated, discharged, and indemnified from and against the execution and Service of the office of scavenger, in and for the several parishes, precincts, and places, wherein such squares. Greets, lanes, and plates are situate and lying, and of and from the hanging out lights in such squares. Greets, hues, and places, and all pre-fenrments and returns of any annoyance jurors, conGables, or father officers, (other than and except the inspectors hereby directed to be appointed,) for and in respetft of dangerous or defective pavements, defaults of lighting, and all annoyances ip, obstructions of, and encroachments upon, all or any of the said squares, Greers, lanes, and places, and all pains, penalties, duties, and services, for or concerning any such annoyances, obstructions, incroachments, or dangerous or defective pavements, and defaults of lighting; and that the several acts cf parliament made in the second and third years of their late majeGies King William and Queen Maty, of the nineteenth year of his late ma-jeGy King George the Second, and of all and every other act and ucts of parliament whatsoever, so far as the same or any or either of them do or does concern any such annoyances, obGructions, incroachments, dangerous or defective pavements, and hanging but lights in any of the squares. Greats, lanes and places, hereby directed to be paved or to be repaired, lighted, and cleansed; and also so much of the before-recited a<G of the third year of his present Majesty, as relates to and impowers the surveyor to the said of or any other person or persons to be by them ^appointed for that purpose, to view the condition of the squares, 'Greets, and lanes, within the several parishes, precincts, and places, intended to be subject to, and within the powers of this present act, and to present on oath all or any defective and bad pavements therein, and to give notice thereof as therein men-Jiohetf, apd the repairing the same, and the charging the expence

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22.* gp

pence of fitch reparations on any such inhabitants, occupiers or owners of any houses or other buildings as therein expressed; and all pains, penalties, and charges, which such inhabitants, occupiers or owners, shall or may be liable to by force of the said several act of the third and fourth of William and Mary, and twenty-ninth of George the Second, and of that part and so much of the third of his said present Majesty, as is herein before recited; and also so much and such part of alj, qr every of the herein recited or any other all or acts of parliament, as di- All former rests or vests the power of paving, repairing, lighting, or cleans- fo/a^ai ing all or any of the squares, streets, lanes, or places, hereby piaceiunder subject to the powers of this all, to be in the of ap- this act, pointed by or in pursuance of the before-recited acts, or any of* repealed, them, or vests in them the property of all or any stones or other materials of or in any of the said squares, streets, lanes, and places last mentioned, in the said of, shall be, and are and is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Old pave-That from and after the passing of this act, any thing in the ments, and all herein before-recited acts, or any or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding, the property of all and every^ ilTthe* the pavements m all and every the squares, streets, lanes, and committee, places, within each and every of the parities, precincts, and places, fobjelted to the powers of this act, and the lamps, iron, timber, and all other materials and things, which shall be made use of for the purposes of this act, and also the property of all and every the (tones, polls, and pld materials of every kind, belonging to the rid or present pavements, as well of the carri-sge-ways as of the foot-ways, within each and every the said parishes, precincts, and places, (except in such streets and places as have been paved by virtue of a clause in the said act of the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, commonly called Vie Optional Clause), shall be, and is and are hereby vested in the committee for the time being, of each and every such parish, precinct, and place respectively; and the committee of every such parish, precinct, and place respectively, or the major part of such of them as shall be assembled at any of their meetings,

shall and may, if they shall so think fit, authorise and impower any perfect or persons with whom such committee shall contract in manner herein mentioned and directed, to take all or any such old stones, posts, or other materials, at a price or prices to be (perilled in any contract or contracts so to be made, and to makeufe of such of the said stones or other materials, as shall, by such contract or contracts, be deemed proper and fit for use, in or about the new-paving or repairing, or other works contracted to be done within the same parish, precinll, and place, such price or prices to be allowed to the contractor or contractors for and in payment of the monies to be paid to him or them, or otherwise such major part of every such committee shall and may, and are hereby impowered from time to time, to sell and dispose of any such stones or other old materials, or any part or

c 4 parts.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.it ', [1770.

parts thereof, to any person or persons who shall be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the monies arising by such Tale in manner herein after mentioned; and if any person or persons, to whom any such (tones or other materials shall be sold, shall refuse or neglect to pay for the same for the space of ten days after the sale thereof, or other time limitted for payment of such purchase-money, it shall and maybe lawful for the said committee, or any three or more of them, to direct and cause an action or actions to be brought and prosecuted in the names of any two or more of them, against any the purchaser or purchasers of any such materials, for recovery of the monies due and payable for any such materials so fold, in which action or actions, no essoin,

EroteSion, or wager of law, br more than one imparlance, shall e allowed; and such major part of every such committee shall and may, and are hereby also impowered, from time to time, if they shall so judge fit and expedient, to hire or take at a relit any piece of ground to carry to, lay, and dispose of, all or any of the said (tones or other materials, during such time, and until there shall be occasion to make use of, or a fit opportunity to make use of, or to sell and dispose of the same; and in case any person or persons shall, without the consent or authority of such major part of such committee, take, carry away, or convert to i his, her, or their own use or uses, or shall steal any, or any j part of such (tones, posts, or other materials, or any other (tones, lamps, iron, timber, or other materials or things, the property whereof is hereby vetted in the committee for the time being, of any of the parishes, precincts, and places subjected to the powers of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the major part of such committee as shall be assembled at any of their meetings, to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name or names of any two or more of them, or to prefer or cause, direct or order, the preferring of any indictment or indictments, against any person or persons who shall take, or carry away, or shall steal any or any part of any such materials pr things; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously break, destroy, or otherways damage or spoil, any of the said materials or things, or any works done, or begun to be done, in pursuance of this act, or take up any pavement, under any pretence whatsoever, without the consent of the said committee, or any three or more of them, (except the cases of fire, or alarms of fire), every person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county of Middle fexy or for the city and liberty of Westminster^ as the case shall be, shall, for the first offence, forfeit any sum not more than forty shillings, nor less than ten shillings; and for the second, and every other offence, any sum not exceeding three pounds, nor less than twenty shillings; to be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of thejuftipe or justices beforp whom such conviction shall bemad?,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. C*ai# 41

every such forfeiture and every the sum or sums of money to be recovered by or in every or any such altion and actions to be brought as aforesaid, and every sum and sums of money to arise by the sale of all or any such materials so sold as aforesaid, when received) shall be paid into the hands of the banker or bankers, to be chosen and approved of as herein after mentioned, or into the bank of England, to the account of the parish, precind, or place, in which the offence was committed, or by order of whose committee the same was recovered or received ? and the same, and every part thereof, shall be issued, paid, and applied for and towards repairing, lighting, and cleansing the squares, streets, lanes, and places within the said parish, precinlt, or place, and in aid of the rates to be made for those purposes; and in case any person or persons so offending and convicted shall have no goods or chattels whereon any of the forfeitures last-mentiooed can be levied; then, and in that case, it shall and may be lawful to and for one or more such justice or justices, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders convicted to the house of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than ten days, to be expressed in such warrant, to be reckoned from and exclusive of the day of commitment, and not to be discharged unless upon payment of the full sum forfeited, until the expiration of the time so to be expressed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, that the said respective

committees, not less than five persons being present, within their respective parishes, precincts, and places, shall, and they are ally, and make hereby authorised and impowered to meet, and shall meet, in the rates for the vestry-rootns, or other usual places afore-mentioned, upon the rp*[C4 of second ThurJUay in Junt next, and also upon the second Thursday1 c a*in Jvm in every year afterwards, and at any other time or times, as often as occasion shall require; and they, or the major part of them shall, make one or more rate or rates, assessment or assessments, upon all and every person and persons who do or shall inhabit hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any land, ground, house, (hop, wharf, warehouse, coach-house, (table, cellar, vault, building, tenement or hereditament whatsoever, within such parts of the said respective parishes, precjnlts, and places, (the occupiers of land, ground, houses, (hops, wharfs, yrarehouses, coach-houses, (tables, cellars, vaults, buildings, tenements or hereditaments, in such squares, (Irccts, lanes, and places as have been paved under and by virtue of the said optional clause only excepted) for the purposes of repairing, cleansing and lighting the several squares, streets, lanes, and o>ther places, within the said respective parishes, precincts, and places, as are not by any or either of the said former alls exempted from the jurisdiction of the of, and for defraying the expence of removing all annoyances and obstructions therefrom, and all other the necessary purposes of the said former acts, and this act, (except as to new-paving,) so as no such rate or rates, aOcflinent or assessments, within any square, shall exceed in the whole

Houses hereafter to be built, how to be rated.

ommitteei may make an additional late of 6 d. if necessary.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22.

Whole the sum of one shilling and three-pence in the pound; and within any street, lane, or other place, the sum of one shilling in the pound, in any one year, according to such proportion of the yearly relit or value as the same was a (felled to the rates for the relief of the poor, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy, within the said respective parishes, precincts, and places.

XXV. Provided always, that all houses, or other buildings, which shall hereafter be erected or built within the limits aforesaid, shall be rated and assessed for the purposes of this act, in the same manner and proportions as other houses or buildings shall be then assessed.

XXVI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, that from and after the said twenty-fifth day of Merchy the said respectivecommitees, not less than seven persons being present, within their respective parishes, precincts, and places, shall, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, annually, or oftener, as occasion shall require, to make a further rate or assessT-ment in manner aforesaid, not exceeding sixpence in the pound in any one year, within all such squares, streets, lanes, and other places, or such parts thereof, as shall, at the time of making any such rate, be paved by virtue of the said former acts, and this act, or any of them, (except such streets, lanes, and places, as have been paved under and by virtue of the said elause, called the optional clause,) and so in like manner within all other the squares, streets, lanes, and places within the limits of the said former acte, as soon as the pavements thereof respectively, or any part thereof, shall be compleated, so far as the pavements so compleated shall extend.

Commissionera

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, may borrow that it shall and may be lawful to and for the committees within money on the the respective parishes, preejndts, and places, not less than seven persons being present, and they are herfeby impowered, from time to time, when they shall judge it necessary, to borrow and take up at interest such sum or sums of money as any person or persons shall be willing to lend and advance upon the credit of five-sixth parts* of the said additional rate or assessment; and by any writing or writings upon vellum or parchment, signfed by the said committees respectively, not less than seven persons to assign the said five-sixth parts of the said additional rate or afieflT-ment, to any person or persons who shall advance and lend such money thereon, as a security or securities for the several sums so borrowed with legal or lower inrereft fot the same, which interest shall be payable' and paid half yearly upon certificates of the committees, and by order of the of, in the same or like manner as other monies and payments are herein after directed to be paid and made, out of the monies to arise by or from the said additional rate or assessment; and the remaining sixth part shall be deposited in the bank of England, as a sinking fund, for the purposes of paying off the monies borrowed, or for future new-paving, as the committee shall think fit.

credit of the rate.

r77°*l Armo uridecimo GfefcRGli III. c 22. 43

X X Vf

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Money re*, that such f^or sums of money, whenforeceivedrbythesaid com- ceived by the mittees, shall beby them deposited in the bank of England, and to

placed to the account^ the parrithy precind, or place, by whose j£e bank* m committee the same was borrowed or raised, and iirwhich it is to be applied, in the name of the tomnkffioners for the new-paving

cleansing, and lighting the city and liberty of Westminster, and places adjacent, and shall be iflfued and applied by the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the new-paving any square, street, lane, or place, fabjedfeed to the powers of this act, in manner herein after mentioned, and not otherwise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, that there shall be entered For entering in a book or books, to be for that purpose provided and kept by securitiet in the clerk or clerks to the said committees, all securities for monies boolu*

so borrowed, and all alignments or transfers thereof, expressing, in words at length, the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of all such persons as shall, ftom time to time, be intituled to such Securities, and the sums received upon such securities to which book or books the persons intituled thereto, or imerested therein, shall, at all seasonable times, have access, with free liberty to inspecthe same, without fee or reward: and if any sum or sums of money shall at any time remain from the said rate or assessment, over and above what shall be foffi-cient to pay the interest hereby charged thereupon, then such sum or sums of money shall be applied for or towardspavingother partis of every the parish, precinct, or place wherein the same was raised, and when thewholc of such parish, prednd, or place shall be paved, then, and not before, all the remainder of fitch surplus shall be applied for or towards paying off the principal so borrowed as aforesaid and for that purpose shall remain in the bank of England, until the same shall amount to the sum of five hundred pounds, or one full and equal eighth-part of the whole monies borrowed on the fecerity of the said additional rate or assessment, which sum shall be applied for and towards the payment of the money lent and advanced on such additional ratej and no preference, either in the payment of interest or principal, shall be given to any person or persons whatsoever, on accdunt of the priority of advancing any such sum or sums, but that each person shall be a creditor in equal degree, according to the dim or sums so by him, her, or them lent and advanced as aforesaid,

XXX. And, to the end such surplus-money last mentioned SurpUitof

may be (b applied for or towards discharging'or reducing the aP*

principal monies to be borrowed as aforesaid, be it further e- miTthe debts* nacted, that when, and as often as there shall remain in the bank, n c

of England, of the monies deposited or paid in as aforesaid, a surplus of the said additional rate laid or assessed on any of the said parishes, precin6t$, or places, to the amount of five hundred pounds, or one-eighth part of the whole principal 'monies borrowed as aforesaid, the commissioners are hereby impowered, and on request to them for that purpose made and signifield by writing, signed by the major part of not left than seven of the com-

6 piitce

4+

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. ii.

[1770.

mitee of the parish, precinct, or place, to which such surplus belongs, or from whence it arose, may and shall cause notice in writing to be given to or left for each of the creditors or lenders of all the mortgage monies to be so discharged or reduced, or their personal representatives or assigns, at his, her, or their last or usual place of abode, of the of, intention to apply such surplus-money in discharge, or part discharge, as the case shall be, of such mortgage monies at the expit ation of three months next after the date of such notice; and every such creditor or lender, his, her, or their representatives. or assigns, having had such notice given to or left for him, her, or them, shall be obliged to accept his or her share or proportion thereof at the expiration of the time to be expressed in such notice, or in failure of acceptance thereof, all intereli of such share shall from thenceforth cease and not be payable.

Creditors may

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and afligrt their fe- may be lawful to and for any person or persons intitled to any cunuei. Of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands respectively, to assign or transfer such securities, by indorsement on the back thereof, or otherwise, to any person or persons whatsoever, and witnessed by two witnesses, and so toties quoties; and such alignments and transfers, after they shall be respectively entered in the book or books of the said committees in manner aforesaid, shall intitle the person or persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective executors, adpiinistrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the security or securities so assigned, or transferred and entered.

House* situa- XXXII. provided also, and be it further enacted by the au-ted beyond thority aforesaid, That no rate or assessment shall be made or iS from" collected by virtue of this act upon any land, house, tenement, rates, or hereditament, situate on the outside of any turnpike-gate, as

the same is now fixed, whereat toll is, by the said recited act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty, authorised to be taken, or in any road or place not repaired or lighted by virtue of the said former acts, or this act, or such other places as in the opinion of the respective committees, not less than three persons, shall not be within the true intent and meaning of this act.

First rate to

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

commence 15 said. That the first rate or rates, assessment or assessments, di-March 1771. reded to be made as aforesaid, shall commence from the twenty-fifth day of Marth, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and every future rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall commence from the time that the last preceding rate or rates, assessment or assessments ended, and not otherwise, and the monies therein and thereby charged and assessed shall be payable and recoverable quarterly, in manner herein after directed. h^Tes ftialfb XXJXIV. And be it further enacted that where any of the aftefTed.* lands, hopfes, (hops, warehopfes, wharfs, coach-houses, stables,

" cplUrs,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22* 45

cellars, vaults, buildings, tenements, or hereditaments, within the respective parishes and places aforesaid, shall, at the time of making any of the said rates or assessments* be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied* then, and in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said respective committees to rate and assess such pretftifes at one half of the rates or assessments herein before granted, during such time only as such premises after making any such rate or rates, assessment or assessments respectively*

shall be empty, untenacted or unoccupied$ and one half only of such rate or assessment shall be charged on such premises respectively for and during so long time as the same shall be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied and in any of the cases aforesaid, the said rates or assessments, and all arrears due thereon respectively, shall be paid by the owners, proprietors or iessors, or by the first or any other tenants or occupiers thereof; and such tenants or occupiers shall and may, and is and are hereby respectively authorised to deduct and detain the same out of their relit, and the landlords or owners of such premises is and are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments upon receipt of the residue of their respective rents; and the said respective tenants or occupiers shall be and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of their respective rents as the rates or assessments, and all arrears due thereon, and so paid by them respectively, shall amount unto.

XXXV. And whereas there are many houses, buildings, Under-te-

lands, grounds, tenements, hereditaments, and premises within n»nts, &c. the limits aforesaid, which are taken on leases for years or o- 10 ^0

therwife, and by the lessees or tenants, and also by landlords or* owners thereof, are let out in parts or separate apartments to under-tenants, and other houses and premises let ready furnifti-

ed to lodgers; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the several leflors, landlords, owners, or proprietors, of all such houses, buildings, lands, grounds, tenements, or hereditaments, so let out, or which shall hereafter be let out in parts or separate apartments, or ready furnished to a lodger or lodgers,

shall respectively be deemed and taken as the occupier thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the payment of the rates or assessments directed by this act to be iflade, raised, and levied, according to the yearly relit or value of such premises.

XXXVI. And, for the more easy recovery of such rates or how those assessments respectively, be it further enacted by the authority rates shall be aforesaid, that each and every person so renting or occupying recovered, any such part or separate apartment as aforesaid, shall be liable

and compellable to the payment of the said rates or assessments, and all arrears due thereon, to be recovered in manner herein after directed; and the respective occupiers, who shall pay such rates or assessments, or any arrears due thereon, or from whom the same shall be recovered in pursuance of this act, shall and may deduct the same from and out of the next relit, or any other relit due and payable from him, her, or them to such respective leflor or landlord, owner or proprietor; and the receipt for

4*

Rates for honfes of am-bafladort, &c. to he paid by landlords, &c.

How publick buildings and dead walls lb all be assessed.

How rates and assessments in ge«

Anno undecimo GsoRQir IIL c. 22. [1770.

for such payment shall be a foffitient discharge for all and every such tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers* to his, her, or their landlord, for so much money as he, she, or they shall pay, or shall be levied on the goods- and chattels of him, her, or them respectively, by virtuo of this act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every rate, tax, or assessment, which shall be made, laid, or assessed by virtue* of this act, for or in respect of any houses, buildings, lands, grounds, tenements* hereditaments, premises, which any ambatiador or residentj agent, or other puUkk minister of any foreign prince or date, or the servant of any such ambassador, resident, agent, or publick tainifter, or other person not liable by law to pay such rate or atife Ament, now doth, or hereafter shall inhabit, shall be paid by the landlords, lessors, owners or proprietors*, of all such houses* buildings, lands, grounds, tenements, hereditaments, or premises respectively, who shall be liable and compellable to the payment thereof, and the same shall be recovered in manner herein alter directed.

XXXVIII. And forasmuch as it is reasonable that all publick buildings, dead walls, and void spaces of ground (houfd be rated and assessed for the purposes of this act; be it* therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committees within their respective parities, precincts, or places, and they are hereby required from time to time, to rate and assess all parish-churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houses, schools, inns of court and chancery, halls, societies, markets, warehouses, wharfs, void spaces of ground, and all other publick buildings, whatsoever, situate, (landing, lying, and being within their respective parities, preeialls, or places, at a rate not exceeding Gxpence in any one yearfor every square yard of pavement paved or repaired, cleansed, and lighted, under and by virtue of this all, or any other, the said former acts belonging to such parish-church, church-yard, chapel, meeting-house, in?n of court and chancery, school, hall, society, marker, warehouse, wharf, dead wall, void space of ground, and other publick buildings respectively whatsoever, and which are not charged by virtue of this all by the pound rate, or otherwise, which rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be laid upon such parish-churches, chapels, and church-yards, shall be paid by the respective church or chapel-wardens; and the rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be laid upon such meeting-houses, schools, inns of court and chancery, halls, societies, markets, warehouses, wharfs, dead walls, void spaces of ground, and publick buildings, shall be paid by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof respectively 5 all which rates or assessments shall be recovered and applied as the other rates hereby made payable are to be recovered and applied.

XXXIX. And, for the better and more effectual recovering the said respective rates and assessments, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in case any inhabitant, occupier,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. 47

owner, or proprietor, or the lessee of any land, ground, house, shop, warehouse, wharf, coach-house, liable, cellar, vault, build- reco?c*«l.

ing, tenement, or hereditament, within the limits aforesaid, (and

liable to pay any rate or assessment by virtue of this act) shall

refuse or r^egled to pay the money rated and assessed upon him,

her, or them respectively, and all arrears due thereon, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective collectors of the said

rates or assessments to collect and levy such rates or assessments,

by warrant under the hands and seals of any two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city

and liberty of Westminster, as the case shall be, and all arrears

due thereon, by difirels and sale of the goods and chattels of the party-so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, which shall be found either within the said parish, precinct, or place, or else-

where; and if within five days next after such distress shall be

made, the said respective rates or assessments, and all arrears due

thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable charges

of taking and keeping the same, the said respective collectors

shall cause the said goods and chattels to be sold, or such part

thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said rates or assessments,

together with all arrears due thereon, and the reasonable charges

of making such distref3 and sale, returning the overplus, and the goods and chattels remaining (if any be) to the person or persons whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Collector* to that the respective collectors of the said rates and assessments, account foe within the said respective parishes, precinCls, or places, shall, rat€#-once in every week, or oftener if the respective committees shall so dire#, pay all the money which they shall, from time to time, colleCl and receive, into the bank of England, or to such banker or bankers as the said committees, respectively, with the approbation of the said of, or any five or more of them,

shall direct, (except only so much and such parts thereof as are herein directed to be paid to the of, or their treasurer, for payment of the monies agreed to be, by the said commissioners, paid upon and pursuant to any and every the contracts by them heretofore made and now subsisting, for repairing* lighting, and cleansing any of the squares, streets, lanes, and places aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, colleaor tt> that the said collector shall, as often as thereunto required by account o* any of the said committees, not less than three persons respect oath, lively, make up true and perfcCl accounts of all money by such collectors respectively received and paid in pursuance of this act, and deliver all such accounts to the respective committees, and verify the same upon oath, (which oath any three committee* men are hereby impowered to adeninifter,) and every such col* le&or refusing or neglecting to make up and render such account to the committee requiring the same as aforesaid, and to verify the same upon oath as aforesaid, or to pay over all such monies as shall be remaining in his hands, shall and may, by

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.

[1770.

warrant under the hands and feats of two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the city and liberty of 1Veftmtrtjler % or for the said county of Middlesex> as the case shall be, upon complaint to them made by any three or more of the said committee-men, and proof thereof by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, (which oath the said justices are hereby authorised and impowered to administer) be committed to the cofnmon gaol of the said city and liberty, or of the said county, as the case shall be, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he the said collector shall have made a fair and true account, and until fu'ch money as upon such account shall appear to be remaining in his hands shall be paid over by such collector, or his surety or sureties, to such person or persons as shall be, by such three or more committee-men making such complaint appointed to receive the same; but the commitment of such collector to gaol, shall not acquit or discharge any surety or sureties, security or securities, that shall or may have been taken by or given to any committee, for the due and faithful execution of the office of collector or payment of monies, to be by such collector received by virtue of his said office, or any action, salt, or process, commenced or to be commenced, for recovery of any monies so received.

If committees

XLII. And be it further enacted and declared by the autho-neglect to rity aforesaid, that if the committee for any or either of the pa-theo* he*com- r^cs* precinCs, or places included in this act, shall omit or missionemnsy neglect to make any rate or assessment herein before authorised do it. and directed to be made, and to raise the money by this act di-

rected in manner before mentioned, within such parish, precinct, or place respectively, for the space of three calendar months, then the commissioners for putting the said former acts, and this act, in execution, may and shall make such rates or assessments, which ought to have been made by any such committee as aforesaid, and cause the same to be collected, and recovered and money raised thereupon, in such manner as the said committees might or ought to have done, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons hav-

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

(VomthTcom ^at* ^or any person or persons, having an order

missioners or - un^cr the hands of the of, or any two or more of committees to them, or of three or more committee-men of each respective inspect poor's parish, precinct, or place, for that purpose, to inspect and rake rates. copies or extracts of any books or rates made for raising money

for relief and maintenance of the poor within any parish, precinct, or place, comprised in this act; which inspection, copies, and extracts, the person or persons having the custody of such books or rates reflectively are hereby required to permit and suffer to be made, without fee or reward, by such person or persons appointed as aforesaid, upon his or their producing such order; and in case any person or persons, having the custody of any book or rate, shall neglect or refuse so to do within two days after such order shall be so produced, and shewn to him or them, or a copy thereof left at his or their last most usual place of abode, he or

49

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22.

they shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings, for the fecood offence the sum of three pounds, and for the third and every other offence the sum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in like manner as penalties and forfeitures are, by the said act of the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, to be levied and recovered, and shall be applied by the committees for the purposes of this act, within the respective parish, precinct, or place, in which every such forfeiture shall be incurred.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, that from and after the said So much of twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fe- former a^s venty-one, so much of the before-mentioned act, made in the the Tommif-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and of all or any fionm to other of the before-mentioned acts as authorises or impowers make rates, the said of to make any rate or rates, assessment or a fie Aments, upon any lands, houses, (hops, wharfs, warehouses, cellars, or any other tenements or hereditaments, within the several parishes aforesaid, or to appoint collectors of all or any such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, and also as authorises and impowers any collector or collectors, by them, or any of them, appointed, or employed, to collect or levy any rate or rates, assessment or assessments whatsoever, within any of the parishes, precincts, and places aforesaid, (except as herein is excepted) shall be, and is hereby repealed.

XLV. Provided always, that the collector or collectors to the Collectors ap-said of shall and may, nevertheless, continue to col- pointed by the left and levy all arrears of any rate or rates, assessment or afieff- c°miniflion-menrs, already rated or assessed by virtue of the said recited acts, tiiiuTto col"ft or any of them, by such and the same ways and means, and in arrears of for-such and the same manner, as they could or might have done naer rates, in case this act had not been made; and that the money to a-hfe by such arrears shall, from time to time, be paid, applied, and disposed of, for discharging all debts, charges, and expences, incurred by the of before, and until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, for the purposes of the said former acts; and if any surplus shall then after arise, the same shall be applied to the same uses and purposes as the monies hereby directed to be rated and assessed within such parishes, precincts, and places respectively, arc herein directed to be applied and disposed of, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XLVI. Provided always, and it hereby enacted and declared. How arrears that all and every the arrears and growing payments of all and of scavengtra every the rate and rates heretofore made for raising money 1*

for or towards paying the charges and expences of any scaven-co

gcr or fcavpngers, for fwceping and cleaning the streets, lanes, and passages, and for carrying away the dirt, foil, and ashes, a-rising, or to arise, or to be made within any of the parishes, precincts and places subjected to the powers cf tins aft, which now are or hereafter shall be or become due or payable until, and at or upon, the twenty-fifth day of March^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, shall and may be collected and levied Vol. XXIX. D by

ers.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1770.

by such person and persons, and in such manner, and by such ways and means, and shall and may be applied and disposed of to such uses and purposes as the same might or could have been collected or applied'and disposed of in cate this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandine.

filtered of

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, money and all that all and every the payments of interest of monies borrowed, ments^hail anc* Payments to be made upon and for all and every con-be certified by tract a°d contra61s herein and hereby directed to be made, and the commit- all salaries, payments, and allowances, charges and expences tees to the whatsoever, to be made and given for any thing to be done or coirnniHion- contracted for, by each and every the said committees to be chosen as aforesaid, shall be first certified to the said of by each of the said committees respectively, by writing under the hands of three or more of the committee-men, and delivered to the said of, or their clerk, at the next or or some other subsequent meeting of the said of, with the several bills of particulars relating thereto, and thereupon the said of (not having any just and reasonable cause to the contrary) shall, and are hereby directed and required, within twenty-one days after the delivery of every such certificate, to make an order for payment of the sum and Turns of money to be specified in such certificate, and (ign a draught or order on the proper cashier or officer of the bank of England,

for payment thereof at fight; every such order to be signed by

three or more of the said of.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if for and upon any sum or (urns of money which shall become due and payable for interest of monies to be bor-mitrcwf unless rowed as aforesaid, or for or on account of any contract or con-some just cause tracts to be made by any of the said committees, and confirmed to the con- by the said of as aforesaid, or for any incidental

trary# charges and expences relating to the putting in execution any of the powers of this act, or to or for any salaries, or other payments or allowances to be made and given pursuant to this act, such certificate for payment thereof being so made and delivered as aforesaid, the said of (not having and declaring some just and reasonable cause to the contrary) shall not, within twenty-one days next after the delivery of such certificate, make and sign an order for payment of the monies to be specified or expressed in such certificates, it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons to whom the monies in and by such certificate are expressed.to be due or payable, to commence, maintain, and prosecute an action or actions in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, against any two or more of the said of, but not against the committee, cr any of them; and in such action no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Commission-

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and ta ill all not declared, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-

' 2 timed

Persons may recover money certified by the com-

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. 51

(trued to extend, to charge the said of with, or for be charged any monies to be paid to any person or persons, upon thecer- with more tificate or certificates of the committee of any of the parishes, money precincts, or places, subjected to the powers of this atf, more than^hey«hall than and beyond the amount of what shall have been paid into have received and remaining in the bank of England, in the name of the com- from such pa-missioners, by and on the account of the committee or committees of the particular parish, preempt, or place, for which the monies mentioned in such certificate or certificates, shall be payable, any thing herein contained 10 the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted, that the said of The commit shall, and are hereby required, from time to time, to cause fcpa- sioners Dull rate and distinct accounts to be kept of all monies paid into the bank of England, or to the treaforer to the said of, mp^y receiv-by the collectors of each respective parish, precinct, or place, ed from ?ach subjected to the ppwers of this a ft, and of all other monies depo- parifo. sited or paid into the bank of England, in the names and in the manner aforesaid, on the account of every such parish, precinct, or place, and how and to what particular uses the same have been applied; and such accounts shall be made up one in every year, and a true copy or copies thereof, signed by the clerk to the said of, shall be transcnitted to the vestry clerk of each respective parifi), precinct, or place, between Christmas and Ladyday* in every year, to be by him laid before the vestry at 4heir next vestry meeting, and all the monies raised, collected, borrowed, and received, within the said parishes, precindh, and places respectively, shall, from time to time, be laid out and expended for the purposes of the said recited acts, and this act, within each respective parUh, precinct, or place where such monies shall be raised, collected, borrowed, or received, and not elsewhere, except as is herein before directed, and except also the fabrics of the proper officers of the said of, and the contingent expences of the said commission.

LI. And be it further enacted, that the said committees re- Committees spedttvely shall, and are hereby required, at Ladyday, and Act* to transmit thatlmas in every year, or within one month then next following, to transmit to the said of, abstract, or extracts, year Oietrue signed by their clerks respectively, containing the true amount amount of «U or all monies by the said committees respectively rated and af- monies rated feffect, end at how much in the pound and of the amount of so catil much of all and eveiv such rates as shall appear to them, to be par collected and received, and in arrear and unreceived, and of all monies borrowed on the securities of every the said additional rates.

LII. And in order to the ascertaining and paying the several Salaries of the proportions of every the salaries of the officers of the commifli- of oners, and other contingent expences of the commission, be it enacted, that the said of shall, and they are hereby of the com-'hre&ed, annually, or oftener by writing signed by their clerk, to mission, how signify and inform ail and every the several cototoitttesto he 10 be p"*

2> 2 chosen

Saint Margaret and Saint John to be one parish for the several purposes of the act j '

s^nd the committee men for those pa-fish* sue jointly to make rates.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22! [1770.

chosen as aforesaid, of the right and true proportion to be paid by each of the said parishes, precincts, and places respectively, to make good the said salaries and contingent expences, in pro* portion and according to the amount of all the monies to be raised by the rates to be made by virtue of this act, for repairing, lighting, and cleaning; such writing to be delivered to, or leit for the respective clerks to each and every the said committees, and by such clerks laid before the respective committees at their next meeting, after the same shall be so delivered or left; and thereupon each and every of the several committees respectively, within fourteen days next after every such writing shall be so laid before them, shall, and are hereby required to cause their certificate or allowance in writing, signed by three or more of them, to be transmitted to the of, or their clerk, signifying the consent of the said committee, that the commissioners may make an order or draught to or upon the bank of England, or banker to be appointed as aforesaid, as the cife shall be, for payment of the respective proportion or share so ascertained out of the monies arisen by the rates as last aforesaid; and such share or proportion so certified may be paid by virtue of such certificate or allowance, and order, so made and signed, and not Otherwise.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, that, for the several purposes of this act, the parities of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist shall, in all respects be considered as one parish only, and that three-fifths, as near as may be, of the committee-men to be chosen and appointed for the said united parishes, shall be inhabitants residing within the said parish of Saint Margaret; and the remaining part of them shall be inhabitants residing within the said parish of Saint John the Evan-gelifi \ and that the committee-men so chosen for the said united parishes shall be considered as one committee only, who are to meet and act in conjunction for the said united parishes; and that all meetings of the said committee-men shall, from time to time, be held in the vestry-room of the said parish of Saint Max-garet, and at no other place.

LIV. And be it further enacted that all the said committeemen to be chosen and appointed for the said united parishes shall, and they are hereby authorised and required from time to time, to make all such contracts as shall be directed to be made by the said of for the purposes of this act, within the said united parishes, and also all rates and assessments which shall be necessary to be made within the said united parishes, for paving, repairing, lighting, and deanfing the squares, streets, lanes, and other places therein, and all other the necessary purposes of the said former acts, or of this act; and the said committee-men shall have full power and authority to do and perform all other matters and things, which any other committee-men are by this act authorised to do and perform, within any of the parishes and places within the limirs»of this act; and the said rates and asse(Tments, when raised orlevied, together with all monies which

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. 53

the said united parishes may hereafter be intitled to, for the bet* ter carrying on and compleating the several works to be done by virtue of this act, shall be added together, and made one common (lock or fund, and be issued and applied for the benefit of the said united parishes, as the said committee-men, at any of their meetings to be held as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, think fit to order and direct; and the said committee-men art hereby author!fed and required in the appointment of their officers, to cotofider the said united parishes as one parish only, for the purposes of this act, any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LV. And for the better and more effectually carrying the said for- How commer aflsy and this act, into execution, within the said pat i/bes of missioner* and Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, it is hereby enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any chosen for thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, the commimon- Saint Giles a*d ers and committee-men to be elected or chosen in and for the Saint George said respective parishes, shall, at all times hereafter, be elected Bloomsbury. or chosen by the respective vestry-men of the said parishes, at distinct meetings to be held in their separate vestry-rooms; and the committees, when elected or chosen as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, assemble and meet together in the vestry-room of the said parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, to and for the purposes of making all and every the said rates or assessments, and for every purpose concerning the repairing, cleansing, and lighting the several squares, streets, lanes, and other places within the said respective parishes, and for exercising all and every other the powers and authorities hereby granted, except as herein after is mentioned; and that with respect to the rate or rates, assessment or assessments, herein before directed to be made, for the purposes of repairing, cleansing, and lighting the several squares, streets, lanes, and other places within the said respective parishes, and for all and every other the purposes of this act, and the said former acts, the said two parishes shall be deemed and taken to be one parish, and the committees thereof shall act in conjunction, and be considered as one committee to all intents and purposes whatsoever, except as herein after is mentioned.

LVL. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, Rates in Saint That the several sums of money to be raised by the additional Giles and or further rate or rates, assessment or assessments, within each ^tcel^ of the said parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Georgethefepa-Bloomsbury % shall be placed to the separate account of the pari.th rate account in which the same shall be colledied or received, to and for the of each parish. uses for which the same was so rated or assessed; and each of the said respective committees shall have full power and authority, at meetings to be held at their respective vestry-rooms, to assign so much of the said additional rate or rates, assessment or assessments, as shall be laid, rated, or assessed within their separate parish, as a security or securities for the several sum or sums to be by them respectively borrowed or taken up at interest

d 3 by

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1770.

by virtue of the powers hereby granted, and according to the directions herein-before contained, which said sum or sums, and all other monies which the said respective parishes shall or tnsy raise, collect, or receive by virtue of the said additional rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be deposited in the bank of England^ and placed to the separate and distinct account of the respective parish whereon the same was, were, or shall he borrowed, rated, or assessed; and after payment of the interest of the money to be so borrowed, the residue of the money arising by the said additional rate or rates, assessment or al (Tess-snents, shall be, by the said respective committees, at meetings, to be held at their respective vestry-rooms, separately, distinctly, and without the interposition of each other, applied in and about the new-paving any part or part9 of their said respective parish, according to the powers and directions of this act.

60 much of

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That the parish of for the several purposes of this act, so much of the parish of Hofkwrn^ Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies above the bars, in the county of aboveThe Middlesex, and the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said

bars, and county, shall, in all respects, be considered as one parish only; Saint^ George and that the committee-men to be chosen and appointed for such part of the said parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies above the bars, shall be inhabitants reflding within that part of the said parish, and the committee-men to be chosen and appointed for the parish of Saint George the Martyr, shall be inhabitants residing within the said parish of Saint George the Martyr, and that the said committee-men so to be chosen as aforesaid shall be considered as one committee only, and shall meet, and at all times hereafter aft, in conjunction for so much of the said parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies above the bars, and for the said parish of Saint George the Martyr, and that all meetings of the said committee-men mall, from time to time, be held at the workhouse belonging to such part of the said parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as Res above the bars, and at no other place.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the said committeemen to be chosen and appointed for the said united parishes shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to make all such contracts as shall be directed to be made by the said of for the purposes of this act, within the said united parishes, and also all rates and assessments which shall be necessary to be made within the said united parishes, for paving, repairing, lighting, and cleansing the squares, streets, lanes, and other places therein, and all other the necessary purposes of the said former acts, or of this aftj and the said committee-men shall have full power and authority to do and perform all the matters and things, which any other committee-men are by this act authorised to do and perform, within any of the parishes and places within the limits of this act; and the said rates and assessments, when raised or levied, together with all monies which the said united parishes mav hereafter be entitled to, for the better carrying on and competing

me

to be united for the purport of this act.

How the Commi tree-men within parishes shall make their fates.

55

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22;

the revera! works to be done by virtue of this act, shall be add-cd together and made one common stock or fund, and be issued and applied for the benefit of the said united parities, as the said committee-men, at any of their meetings to be held as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, think fit to order and dire#; and the said committee-men are hereby authorised and required, in the appointment of their officers, to consider the said united parishes as one parish only, for the purposes of this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- This act not thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

to any square, street or place, which has been paved, cleansed, ^e^t, onAl and lighted, under the clauses in the said act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, impowering the inhabitants of any particular square, (treet, or place, to raise a sum sufficient to new-pave the same, and enabling the of to assign the rates and assessments made upon such square, (treet, or place, as a security for the repayment of such money with interest 5 but that all such squares, streets, and places, shall continue under the direction of the said former act, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

LX. And whereas the liberty of the rolls is included xvithtn the The liberty provisions of the said former acts, and ought to be included in this act, of the rolls be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That deluded, the of appointed and elelted, or to be appointed and defied by virtue of the said former acts, any or either of them, and of this act, shall, over and above the powers given by the said former acts, have full power and authority to pave and repair, light, and deanfe the streets, lanes, and places, within the said liberty of the rolls, and to make, collelt, and recover the like rates or assessments, and to put this act in execution therein, as fully and effectually as the same can be done by the of or committees appointed to put this act in execution withio the several parishes, precincts, and places included in this act* and the said liberty of the rolls shall bear a due proportion with the said parishes, of the expences to be provided for by this atf.

LXI. And whereas the street of plate called Heming's Row, in The south side tbt said porish ^Saint Martin in the Fields, is a great thorough- to b/*forty the passage through part whereof having been hitherto narrow, paved. inconvenient and dangerous, by means of a wall and some buildings, belonging to the said parish, which have lately been pulled down in orier to the building a new house for the reception and maintenance of the poor of the said parish, which new house bath been fit back from where the said wall flood at the iijlance of ten feet, or thereabouts; end in order to the widening the said street called Fleming's Row, and rendering the same commodious for the future, it hath been pro-fofedy on the behalf of the vicar, churchwardens, and inhabitants of the said parish in vejlry assembled, that the said ground, and other the ground belonging to them> being two hundred ani five feet long*

Churchwarden* exempted from contributing.

JProviso.

The pods m /rhurcn paf-

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1770.

and ten feet wide, or thereabouts, now lying near to, and appearing to be part of the said Jireet, JbalU for ever hereafter be part of the said Jireet; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing this act, the ground last mentioned shall thenceforth for ever lie open to and be deemed and taken to be part of the said street, and shall be paved or repaired, lighted, and cleansed as such, under and by virtue of the powers of this act; and that the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said parish shall thenceforth for ever be exempted and discharged from all expences of repairing, paving, lighting, and deanfing the said street or place called Homing s Row, and of and from all and every rate and rates hereafter to be made in pursuance of any of the said recited acts, or this act, for and in respect of the said street or place called Homing's Row.

LXII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall exempt any other person or persons w horn foe ver from the payment of all or any of the rate or rates to be made as last aforesaid, for and in respect of any part or parts of the said street called Htming's Row.

LXIII. And whereas at the north and south ends of a certain paf-Jage or place in the said parish of Saint James, leading out of Picca-

«or the polls

and porttrt block nrar fcayilc J&pw.

nor those in

betaken t0t>Cnt0 Jermyn Street, commonly called or known by the name of awayj Church Pastage, there are pojls Jet up to prevent the admiffon or

pojfing of carriages (one side of the said passage being part of the cemetery or burial ground belonging to the said parish); be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise pr impower the said of or committees, or either of them, or any other person or persons by them employed, to take up or remove all or any of the posts which now are or hereafter may be set up either at the north or south end of the said passage, by order of the vestry of the said parish of Saint James; but that the same shall, at all times hereafter, be and remain in such manner as the said vestry shall direct, provided the same do not pbftruct paflfengers on foot.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed tp extend, to impower the said of or committees, or either of them, or any other perfor. or persons by them employed, to takedown or remove the porters block, or to t ke up or remove the posts belonging thereto, or any the posts now (landing and being at or near a place called Vtgo Lane, leading from the top of Sackvile Street to Savile Row.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act, K»n*> Sqi: arp or any or either of the said former acts contained, shall extend ourtPairage. to authorise or impower the said of, or the committee of the parish of Saint Anne within the liberty of Westminster, or any of them, or any person or persons by them employed, to t^ke up or remove the posts which are now {landing at the north end of a paflnge leading from the west end of King's Square Court to Chapel Street, in the said parish of Saint Aune, or which

may

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. 57

may hereafter be there set up, so as the same do not obstruct or prevent persons passing on foot through the said passage; any thing in this act, or any or either of the said former acts, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And whereas by reason of the great concourse of coaches^ j>wo com. and other carriages in Maddox-Street and Mill Street, within the missionert farish of Saint George, Hanover Square, upon Sundays, and great may put up holidays, it frequently happens that the inhabitants and parishioners are very much disturbed and interrupted in the time of divine fer- time* inMad-vke; be it further enacted, That the said of, or any doxStreet and two or more of them, may order and direct any bars or chains Mill Street, to be erected and placed across the said streets called Maddox Street and Mill Street, during the time of divine service, and for the space of one hour before and one hour after, or may take any other method for preventing the passing and repafGng of coaches, during such time as they shall think fit and proper.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission* That the said of shall have, and they are hereby era veiled with veiled with, ai! the powers and authorities for removing nuisances, power to re-annoyances, and obstructions, and otherwise regulating the fe-moveannoy-veral squares, streets, lanes, and places, within the limits of the notCpaved.* said recited acts, which have not been alrehdy new-paved or com pleated by virtue of the said acts, as by the said act passed in the second year of his present Majesty, they are veiled with, in the squares, streets, lanes, and places, that have been new-paved or compleated under their direction.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Toprevent faip, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall come with taking away any cart or carts, or begin to empty any boghouse or boghouses, Kht foi* hut or to take away any night foil from any house or houses within ^iThoui^" the limits aforesaid, before the hour of twelve of the clock at night, or shall continue to take away thd same after the hour of fix in the morning, from Michaelmas to Lady-day, or after the hour of five of the clock from Lady-day to Michaelmas, or if any person shall put or cast, or cause to be put or cast, out of any cart, tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the squares, streets, lanes, courts, yards, mews, alleys, passages, and places within the limits aforesaid, or within half a mile thereof, any such night foil, it shall and may be lawful to and for any constable, beadle, or watchman, (and they are hereby strictly required and d.rected so to do) or any other person or persons whatsoever, to apprehend and carry him or them guilty of either of the said offences to such watch-house as they shall think most convenient, there to be kept, and from thence conduced as soon as conveniently may be, before some justice of the peace for the said county or city, and liberty of Westminster, as the case shall be, who, upon oath made of such offence or offences as aforesaid, (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall and may commit such person or persons, guilty of any of the said offences, to the house of correction for the said county or city, and liberty of Westmitiftir9 for any time

not

58 Anno undecimo Georgii III. C.t2. [1770.

not exceeding three months, nor less than ten days, there to be kept so hard labour: and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiGiooers, at any meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, to order any sum not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than five shillings, to be paid to the person who shall detect, apprehend and convey before any such justice or justices of the peace, any such person or persons guilty as aforesaid, to be paid our of the rates to be raised by virtue of this act.

Contingent LXIX. And* for as much as it may fomtims happen* that at expences in* well the said of as the said committees may he necessmlj currcd how to ang unavoidably put unto* hear andfuffer same tofts* charges* and ex* be defrayed. pincn % provided for by any of toe said former atls or thit ad* in and about the enforcing the performance of contrails* and otherwise; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, by virtue of any certificate or allowance of the committee of the parish, precind, or place, wherein or in respect of which any such cod?, charges, or expences shall have been incurred, (the said committee, or five or more of them, at any of their publick meetings, being the majority of the committee-men then met) to be signed as aforesaid, to make an order or draught on the bank of England* or banker as aforesaid, for payment of all or any such costs, charges, and expences, by and out of the monies deposited or paid into the bank, or to the banker, on the account of such respective parish, precind, or place.

Charges of ob*

LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, taming this That the commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of all or an^be before-recited acts, by and out °» any monies in cations to pa'r* the hands of their treasurer (other than and except such monies liament in the as have arisen from or by means of the said dause,) common-lait fcHion, Jy called the optional dause, shall and may defray and satisfy the charges and expences by them incurred in and about the obtaining and passing this act; and that every the several committees to be chosen pursuant to the directions of this act, by and out of the fird monies to be by them severally and respectively a defied and raised, within their several and resptctive parishes, precincts, and places, shall and may defray and satisfy the share or proportion of every the said parishes, precincts, and places, of the charges and expences which such parishes, precincts, and places respectively have borne, sustained, or been put unto in or about their several and respective applications to the honourable house of commons, touching this present act, and also touching any bill or bills, which, in the last session of parliament, was or were brought into the said house by any or either of the said several parishes, precincts, and places, to the intent to enable certain of to be appointed in and for such parishes Separately, and exdufively of all others, to pave, light and cleanse their own parishes only.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no nomination, appointment, information, order, judgement, conviction, warrant, mortgage, or alignment, transfer or other security for the

how to be paid.

Proceedings not to be charged with 4Ui)ip duty.

59

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22.

the borrowing of money, or other writing whatsoever, under the hand and Seal, or hands and seals of, or only signed by any committee or committees, commissioner or of, for putting the said former acts, or any of them, or this act, in execution, or by any justice or justices of the peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in execution of any of the powers or authorities thereby or hereby veiled in facn committee or committees, commissioner or of, or justice or justices of the peace, or any of them, or transferor assignment of any of the securities aforesaid, made by any person or persons, shall be charged or chargeable with any (lamp duty whatsoever.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Apoeal mag aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall think himself, her- be made, self, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or rates, assessment or assessments, made in pursuance of this act, every such person or persons may, and shall first apply for relief to the committee of the parish, precinct, or liberty wherein the cause of complaint is fopposed to have arisen, at the first or second meeting of the said committee, next after demand made of such rate or rates, afieflenenrt or assessments 5 and the said committees respectively are hereby authorised and impowered, if they shall see cause (b tq do, to give such relief, or make such other order in the premises as to them shall Seem meet; and in case the party or parties so applying for relief shall not be satisfied with the order and determination of the said committee, he, she, or they shall and may apply and appeal for relief to the commissioners at their first or Second meeting next after such determination of the said committee in the premises, giving to the said committee, or their clerk, six days notice of such appeal; and the said of shall and may, and are hereby enabled and impowered thereupon, to hear, determine, and make such order therein, as to them shall seem meet; and if the party or parties appealing shall he dissatisfied with the order and determination of the said of, yet nevertheless he, she, or they shall be obliged to pay the rate or assessment complained of* according to the order of the said of in the premises, and shall and may thereafter, and not before, appeal to the quarter session of the peace to be holden in and for the said county of AftddUfex % or city and liberty of Westminster % as the case shall be, within three months next after nich determination of the said of, such appellant first giving, or causing to be given, six days notice at least, in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to f be clerk to such committee, and within four days next after such notice entering into recognisance before some justice of the peace for such county, or city, and liberty of lVeftmfafler % with two sufficient sureties conditioned to try such appeal, and to abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such 'quarter (eflion; and the said justices, at such quarter session, upon due proof of such notice being given as a-

fore-

Distress not deemed unlawful

Proceedings not to be qoafbed for want of form.

Plaintiff shall not recover, il fofBcient a -mends tendered.

Limitation of actions.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1770.

fore said, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper; and the determination of such justices at their quarter session, shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity, may recover full satisfaction for the (pedal damage only, in any action on the case.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no rate or rates, assessment or assessments, or any proceeding to be bad, touching any order made, or any other matter'or thing to be done or transacted in or relating to any such complaint or appeal, or any order or determination thereon, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form, or be removed into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster by certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatsoever \ any law, Statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for any such irregularity, trespass, or other proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, every or any such irregularity, trespass, or wrongful proceeding, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants, in any action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of moneyas he or they shall see fir, whereupon such proceedings or order and judgement shall be had, made, or given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no action or suit shall be commenced against any commissioner or of, or any other person or persons acting under them, or against any committee-man or committee-men, or other person or persons acting under any of the said committees, for any thing done in pursuance of this act*, until after the expiration of twenty-one days next after notice thereof shall be given in writing to the clerk of the said of, or clerk to the said committee, as the case shall be, or after sufficient satisfaction, or tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after six calendar months next after

1 the

6i

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 23, — 24J

the fadfc committed, for which such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be brought; and every such aition shall be brought, laid, and tried in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere5 and that the defendant or defendants, and every of them, in every such action and suit, may plead the general issue, and give General issue., the special matter in evidence at any trial or trials to be had thereupon; and that the matter or thing for which such action or suit shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this ail 5 and if the said matter or thing shall appear

to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such aition or suit was brought before the expiration of twenty-one days after notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if such ailion or suit was not commenced within the time before limited for that purpose, or shall be laid in any county or place other than the said v county of Middlesex, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants therein and if a verdict or verdicts shall be found for such defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or suit, shall become nonsuited, or futfer a discontinuance of such action or suit, or if upon any demurrer in such action or suit, judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants, then, Treble costs. and in either of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall bave treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their costs, in any other cases by law* Publick a£L

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the dame, or giving the same in evidence.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the parish of Saint Botolph, Aidgate, to Cable Street; also the said Cable Street, the foot-path in Back Lane, part of the precindfc of Well Close. the Areet leading from Nightingale Lane to Katditf Croft, Butcher How, and Brook Street, and the several streets, lanes, and passages opening into the same; and for removing all obstructions and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for licensing an additional number of hackney coachety and applying the monies arising thereby.

Most gracious sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is found convenient that a greater number of

hackney coaches than are allowed by an act made in the ninth jtar of the reign of her late majesty Sheen Anne, intituled An act Ail 9 Ann*, for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs; and for charging certain new duties on (lampt vellum, parchment, and paper; and orr cards and dice; and on the exportation of rock salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby and by a weekly payment out of the pod office, and by several duties on hides

and

6t Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 24.

[1 770

tnd skins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty-six thousand six hundred and seventy pounds, for thirty-two years, to be applied to the satisfaction of such orders as are therein mention* ed, to the contributors of any sum not exceeding two millions, to be raised for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions; Should be licenjtd to be employed within the cities y London and Westminster, and within the weekly bills of mortality 2 may it therefore pleaseyovr Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Comnrflxon- t^ority of the same. That the commissioners for licenlfing and ers may u regulating hackney coaches for the time being, or the major cence, over part of them, shall have power and authority, and are hereby the number impowered and required, under their hands and Teals, or the hero?hackney ham*s an<* *1$ of the major part of them, over and above the coaches, not number of eight hundred hackney coaches, authorised to be li-exceedingioo, censed by the said act, to licence, in like manner, at any time tobeemployed or times, from and after the passing of this act, any additional number of hackney coaches, not exceeding two hundred, to and liberties* employed for hire within the cities and limits aforesaid. To of London and that the number of all the said hackney coaches licenced, or Westmimler, to be licensed, by virtue of the said former and this present act, shall not at any one time exceed one thousand; and that, upon every one of the said licences, to be granted in pursuance of this act, there shall be reserved and made payable unto his at 51. per Majesty, his heirs and successors, the like weekly Aim of five week, pay- shillings of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid from the able from the commencement of every such licence, during the continuance thereof respectively, in like manner, and with like penalties covenants, conditions, and provisoes, therein to be inferred for the more effectual payment thereof, as in other licences granted in pursuance of the before-mentioned act; and that the same hackney coaches, and the persons to be licensed to drive or keep the same, shall, in respect thereof, have the same rates and benefits, and be subject and liable to all the fathe orders, rules, regulations, bye-laws, penalties, matters, and things, as are or were lawfully prescribed in relation to any persons licensed to keep or drive hackney coaches; and the renters of such licenses, and drivers of such coaches, before the making of this present act: and that all persons who shall presume to drive or let to hire by the hour or day, or otherwise, any hackney coach or coach' horses, or to carry any person or persons for hire in any hackney coach, within the cities of London and fPrJt* mer penalties. or^fabvrfa Of the same, or within any of the parishes or places comprised within the weekly bills of mortality, without such leave or license as aforesaid, shall be liable to all such forfeitures and penalties as he, she, or they would have incurred for so doing, if this act had not been made.

MonWsrifing H. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority a-by the addi- fore said, That all the monies to arise by rents of the said additional

commencement of such licence.

Drivers of coaches without licence, liable to for-

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 2.

tional number of hackney coaches, to be licensed in pursuance tional number of this act, shall be subject and applicable tojhe like uses and purposes, and under the like penalties, as the other rents upon Venrt hackney coaches are applicable and appropriated by parliament, were appro-

III. Provided always and it is hereby enacted by the autho- piiated. riry aforesaid, That out of the monies to arise by rents of hack- Commission-ncy coaches, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or m lhc more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treafu-

rer for the time being, to reward the said of for li* peaces for'lt-confing and regulating hackney coaches, and the clerks, offi- censing, and cers, and others that shall and may be employed by and un* ofher inci-der them for their labour and pains, and to discharge such in* dcnU* cident expences as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as any three or more of the said of of the treasury, or the high treafu rer for the time being,

shall, from time to time, think tit and reasonable in that behalf; any thing in this act, or any other law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons Aied That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per- may the son or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the Scncral defendant or defendants, in any such action or fuii, may plead

the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, a verdict shall be recorded for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonfoited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover double costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants °°ubIc hath or have in other cases by law, for recovery of his or their costs.

CAP. XXV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by Joans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

Most gracious sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects> the commons preambjc if Great Britain, in parliament assembled^ towards raising the ntujjary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto jsur Majesty toe sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it e-na<sted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners

64 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1770.

Commission- sioners of his Majesty's treasury, now or for the time being, or mot thctrea- any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time fury to raise being, at any time or times before the fifth day of January, one loans o^ex. thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to cause or direct any chequer bills, loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's exchequer, from bctorcjanuary any person or persons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies S»77* i politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds; in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-om ,) are enacted and prescribed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorised to be made by the same ad, (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been orginaliy authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made

ceived again out virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have in payment of been issued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time beany taxes; fore the sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, received or taken, or pass or be current, to any receiver or collector in Great Britain, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of pay-norexebang- ment, before the said sixth day of April\ nor shall any such reed before April ceiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said sixth 69 »77»* day of April, for any money, of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall Adionnotto have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall j lie for such any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector refusal. % for

in manner as by the malt ad of this session is prescribed, with respect to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be taken or made.

The clauses in the said act relating to loans or bills.

extended to this act.

Exchequer bills so lifted not to be re-

6S

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 25;

for neglecting or refitting to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of April \ anything in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malty mum9 cyder, and perry y for the service of the year one thou- fond seven hundred and seventy-one % or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Money Co

all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the interest, pre- raised to be mium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, r*Pa, d out of shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall i£men*ary' be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or supplies which aid

shall be granted in the next fei&onof parliament: and in case and if none be sufficient aids or supplies, for that purpose, shall not be granted granted before before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fe- Ju, y 5»>77» venty-two, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the fins-interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending \ng fund.

the faAe, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as, at any time or times at or after the said fifth day of July, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fiirplufies, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues com* poling the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf$) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as ibon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and referred in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Monies Co said, That 'whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said fur- issued1 tobe re-plufles, excesses, overplus monies, or other revenues composing

the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced byandpiieSa p* out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority a- Bank of Eng-.foresaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor an^dtoVd vance company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma« the^Majesty, in like manner* at the receipt of the exchequer, upon on the credit the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum of 1ums of mo- oi this act, ney, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, any thing in an act made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King Wiliam and Queen Marjy intituled An act for granting to their Majesties several rates end duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and upon beer9 aley and Gul. & Mari* other liquors, for securing certain recompences and advantages, in the notwithstand-fa'id aft mentioned^ to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the lD&* sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on Vol. XXIX. E the

66 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 26. [1770.

the vttr againjiFrance, to the contrary thereof in anywise not* «ithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for further continuing the tolls upon London Bridge, for the purposes therein mentioned, and for impewerutg the major, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council offembin certain cases, to grunt licences to persons possessed of terms for years, of and in houses described in an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, to build upon and inclose part of the ground and foil of the streets in the front of their said houses.

[Preamble.]

TX/H^EAS by an off made in the seventh year reign of Aa7 Geo. III. Majesty, intituled An act for compleaticg the

for com pleat- bridge cross the river Thames, from Black friars in the oty of ing Black- London, to the opposite side, in the county of Surry, and the

friars Bridge, avenues thereto on the London side; for redeeming the tolls on the said bridge, and on London-bridge; for rebuilding the goal of Newgate, in the said city; for repairing the Royal Exchange, within the same; for embanking part of the north side of the said river, within certain limits; and for further continuing,

towards those purposes, the imposition of sixpence per chaldroo, or ton, of coals and culm, imported into the port of the said city, established by an act of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new pavements in the city and liberties of Westminster, and parishes adjacent, and in the town and borough of Southwark, and for other purposes therein mentioned; the (ism of thirty thousand pounds was granted and directed to be applied to and for the redemption of the prescriptive tolls, to which the passage ever London Bridge was then subject, and to and for the purchase of the lease thereof; the residue, after futb purebase, to be placed out at interest, upon such government or real securities, or laid tut in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as to the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council ofsembled, Should fiem meet, in trust, for or towards the uses, intents, and purposes, which the said tolls, or the rents and fines then payable in respect thereof wire then applicable: end it was thereby enabled, that the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, fbouli pay to the persons, and for the uses therein mentioned, /certain annuities of eight hundred pounds, and four hundred and eighty pounds, redeemable as therein mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted, that all and every the tolls which then were or Should be payable by virtue of any act of parliament, or prescription, for the passage over the said bridge, or for the passage over the then intended bridge at Blackfriars, Should have continuance, and be paid and payable to tie said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, until they Should, by and out of the neat produce thereof, to arise and accrue from and after the twenty-ninth of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy (after deducing the charges of the coUeflion thereof and the

charges

6;

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 26.

charges which would attend the making and executing the bonds there-by directed to be given for securing the payment of the said annuities, and the charges of obtaining and passing the fata aft) receive and be reimbursed all such sum and sums of money as they Should have advanced in payment of the said annuities, or for the redemption thereof together with interest for the money so advanced, at and after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum; but that % from and immediately after such reimbursement Should have been made and compleated, the said tolls Should cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable5 any law % Statute^ or prescription to the contrary thereof in auy-wise notwithstanding: and whereas the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, did, on or about the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, treat with the lejfee of the said tolls upon London Bridge, for the purchase of his said lease, wherein there were then fifteen years and three quarters to come and unexpired y but found his demand grounded upon the increase of the said tolls, fence the passing of the said act, so high, as being deducted out of the said sum of thirty thousand pounds, would not leave sufficient for the purchase or redemption of the reversion and inheritance thereof; and whereas it is computed that % in order to reimburse the said mayor and commonalty, and citizJnsy what they are directed by the said act to advance in payment of the said annuities of eight hundred pounds, and four hundred and eighty pounds, or for the redemption thereof with interest as aforesaid, and the said charges, which they are by the said in part recited act authorised to deduct* the said tolls upon both the said bridges must have continuance until Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-ntne^ of thereabouts; and that the said tolls upon London Bridge, if continued till Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, would, together with the said sum of thirty thousand pounds, and the inter ft or produce thereof in the mean time* after making good and complecting fitch reimbursement, be a sufficient fund for purchaseng the then remaining term of the said lease of the tolls for the passage Over London Bridge, and the reversion and inheritance thereof; may it therefore pieajeyour Majesty, upon the petition of the said mayor^aldermen and commons, in common council assembledj that it may be enacted\ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every the tolls, which are now payable by prescription, for the passage over London Bridge, shall, from and after the time in and by the said in part Tolls now recited act limited for the continuance thereof, have further Payab, e continuance, and be paid and payable to the said mayor and Continued0 commonalty, and citizens, until the twenty-fifth day of March, till March as, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and no longer; 17 % any thing in the said act contained, or any other law, usage, or prescription, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

II. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor and com- The mayor to monalty, and citizens, shall, as soon as conveniently may J>e cause the

£ 2 after

68 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 26. [1770.

otoooo 1. to bea^er the parting of this all, cause the said thirty thousand pounds inverted in the to be laid out and inverted in the purchase of some of the pub* publicktunds, lick funds, or placed out at interest upon government or real securities; and, from time to time, until Such reimbursement to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, shall be compleated, pay and apply the dividends, interest, and proceed thereof, to the purposes to which the said tolls are appropriated by the said in part recited act. and before MI- And be it further enacted, That the said mayor and March5, commonalty, and citizens, shall, on or before the said twenty-s7gt, purchase fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-the remaining two, by? with, or out of the net produce of the funds or fe-lease of the curil*es in or upon which the said thirty thousand pounds shall lolls, be then verted or placed; and the interest, dividends, or pro-

ceed thereof, which shall then have arisen or accrued, from and after such reimbursement to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, purchase the then remaining term of and in the said lease of the tolls, and keep, place, or lay out the residue thereof at interest upon government or real securities, or in the purchase of the freehold and inheritance of such lands, tenements or hereditaments, as to the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council assembled, shall seem meet, in trurt, for the uses, intents, and purposes, to which the said tolls were applicable before the parting of the said in !.part recited act.

Ctause in act

IV. And whereas, after reciting that it mighty for the greater 7 Geo. III. regularity or beauty of the streets, ways, or passagesy to be improved by virtue of the said act, as of the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, be proper to build houses, or parts of boufesy on some part of the ground and foil of the said streets, ways, or passagesycr on fcm part of the former channel of Bridewell Dock, it is by the fend act of the seventh year of his present Majesty enacted, That it Should and might be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council assembled, for and in confderation of such sum and sums of money, or yearly relit or rentsy to be paid into the receipt of the chamber of the said city of Tondon, as they Should think reofon-abley to grant to the owner or owners o f the freehold and inheritance of the house or houses fronting any such street, way, or passagey licence or licences, under the common seal of the said city, to build upon and inckfe so much of the ground end Joily in the front of the said respective house or houses, as they Should think ft to be built upon y fir the reafens aforesaid \ and that the ground and foil so built upon y in pursuance of such licence or licences, should for every or for and during the time or term to be expressed in such licence or licences r effectively, be annexed to and enjoyed with the adjoining freehold; any lezv vfagey or custom to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas it has happened and may hoppeny that the owner or owners of the freebsL and inheritance of the house or houses fronting some of the said streets, tvaysy or passagesy cannot be foundy or is cr are unwilling to build, and the tenants of such ground, having leases thereof for long tern if years, would be willing to build upon the ground and foil in th

fren

ijyoS\ Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 26. 6$

front thereof if they might obtain such licences, and be secured in the free enjoyment of the said ground and fitly during the term for which they reffectively bold their said houses, whereby the regularity and beauty of the said streets, ways, and passages, would be fioner accomplished; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Mayor, Sec. fill to and for the said mayor, aldermen and commons, in com- raay grant li. mon council assembled, for such considerations as aforesaid, to coner*to te- grant such licence or licences to the tenant or tenants of the tal^consider- house or houses fronting any of the said streets, ways, or paf- ations. sages, having leases for long terms, of which there shall be at lead thirty-five years then to come and unexpired, and that the ground and foil which shall be built upon by order or in pursuance of such licence or licences, together with the dwellings and buildings thereon, shall for ever be annexed to and enjoyed with the house or houses thereunto respectively adjoining, by the federal persons interested therein, according to their several estates and interests in the same; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Nothing herein this, or in the said former act contained, shall give to any per- ln* or in the /on or persons whomsoever, except the owner or owners of the

freehold and inheritance of the said house or houses, or the shall give right lessee or lessees thereof, who shall have such terms remaining to any person therein as aforesaid, any right or power to build on the said to build, ex. ground, lying before the said houses respectively; any thing ccPl owners* herein, or in the said former act contained, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such sum Sums paid for and sums of money as shall be paid for any licence or licences, licences, how to be granted by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall be, to be appro-and the same is and are hereby appropriated to the uses, in- pmt tents, and purposes to which the monies and rents payable for the licences mentioned in the said in part recited act, are thereby appropriated, and to or for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this act, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, and every of them, may

plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special mat- General issue. ter in evidence, at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or suit,

shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of such action or actions, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, such a defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have xreble colts, such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cods in any other cases by law.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-publickad. foresaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 27. [1770.

be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the (acne.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for regulating and improving the fisheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and streams running into the same, and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river.

WHEREAS salmon, gilfes, falmen trouts, and whittings, and the spawn or fry thereof are frequently killed, taken, and iejlroyed at improper feofons in the river Tweed, and the rivers end streams which run into the same, and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river, to the great detriment of the owners and occupiers of the fisheries, and loss to the publick: for remedy where-of and for the improvement of the fisheries in the said river, may tt please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by authority of the personskilling same. That from and after the twelfth day of May, one thou-fcimon, gilfc, sand seven hundred and seventy-one, if any person or persons salmon trout, shall take, or kill any salmon, gilfe, salmon trout, or whitling, between of ta^e» ^ill, or destroy the spawn, fry, or young brood of any io.*nd Jan.* such tish, in the said river Tweed, or in any river, rivulet, so. or between brook, or dream, or in any mill-pool, mill-lead, sluice, or cur, is o'clock on which communicates with the said river Tweed, or within the a*iidVwo n gbt mouth or entrance of the said river Tweed, at any

o*clock on rime or rimes between the tenth day of October and the tenth mondaymom- day of January, or between ten of the clock on Saturday night ing, shall for- and two of the clock on Monday morning, every such person feit fj. and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten millings for e- uc.very fajmon^ gjj^ fa|mon trout, or whitling, so taken or kilied, and also the sum of ten shillings for every parcel or quantity of the spawn, fry, or young brood of any Aich fish so taken, killed, or destroyed.

Limits of the H» And whereas disputes may arise touching the limits of the mouth mouth or en- or entrance of the river Tweed, be it therefore further enacted, trance of the That, for the purposes of this act, the limits of the mouth or river tweed, entrance of the river Tweed shall for the future be deemed and 'taken to be and extend three miles from a pier called S % ueen Elizabeth's Pier, and two miles from a rock called HoodsHead Rock.

Any person II [. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said who mall kill, twelfth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-^eflTmnVny onc* x* any person or persons shall place, lay, set, continue, of the spawn. or draw any net, creel, hamper, engine, or other device what-fry, or young soever in the said river Tweed, or in any river, rivulet, brook, or brood of fish, stream, or in any mill-pool, mill-lead, sluice, or cut, which anyone cortimuniCates with ri*e said river Tweed, or Within the mouth or J' eptrance

70

[Preamble.]

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 27. 71

entrance thereof, in order to kill or take any spawn, fry, or *11 forfeit

young brood of any salmon, gilfe, salmon trout, or whitling,

or shall take, kill, or destroy, or have in his, her, or their cuf-

tody or possession any spawn, fry, or young brood of any such

fish as aforesaid, between the first day of April and the first day of Jane, every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the

sum of ten shillings, for every parcel of spawn, fry, or young

brood of any such fish which mall be found in his, her, or their

possession, between the said first day of April and the said first day of June.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said If any person twelfth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- (ban beat the one, if any person car persons shall beat the water, or place or m

set any white object, or any other thing whatsoever in the said manner pre-river Tweed, or in any river, rivulet, brook, stream, mill-pool, vent the fish mill-lead, sluice, or cut, which communicates with the said river cptenng the Tweedy or in the mouth or entrance of the said river, 'or in, over, jor£it or across the said river Tweed, or any river, rivulet, brook, stream, any sum not mill-pod, mill-lead, sluice, or cut, or in the mouth or entrance more than 51. of the said river Tweed, in order to prevent the said fish from cn- nor thao tering the said river Tweed, or from going up and down the said 10S* river, or any river, rivulet, brook, stream, mill-pool, mill-lead, sluice, of cut aforesaid, or shall by any other ways, or in any other manner prevent the fish from entering the said river, and going up and down the said rivers and waters before described, every person so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit anpfum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten shillings. T

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Perf°ni may and may be lawful to and for the ownqr or owners of any fishery taa"j>

in the said river Tweed, or for the owner or owners of any their own fishery in any river which runs into the river Tweed, and for all fiflieric*. and every person or persons having his, her, or their authority, license, or leave so to do, to angle or fish with rods and lines at any time or times between the said tenth day of January, and the tenth day of October, in any year, for any kind or fort of fish in his, her, or their own fishery or fisheries, notwithstanding the same shall be let to any person or persons; and also to take, carry away, and make use of the fish so taken; and no such owner or person, having, such authority, license, or leave,

shall be liable, on account of any such angling, to any penalty inffided by this act; any thing herein contained to the contra* ry thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if

any person or persons whatsoever shall, at any time or times fci the for-1" after the said twelfth day of May, one thousand seven hundred feiture ms. and seventy-one, lay or place any dirt or rubbish in the said river Tweed below high-water mark, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for every such offence.

VII. And whereas of late persons have made a praflife of fishing Persons killrng

in the mouth or enframe of the river Tweed, by which practice the salmon, 6cc. fifty ore disturbed and hindered from entering the said river, be it tjjC

£ 4 there-

7z Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 27. [1770.

Tweed, to therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from forfeit to*. and after the said twelfth day of Afoy, one thousand seven hun-or eac, jrc(j anj seventy-one, if any person or persons whatsoever shall, at any time or times, fish for, take, or Idll any fedmon, gilfe, salmon trout, or whitling, within the mouth or entrance of the said river Tweedy every such person or ^persons shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every salmon, gilfc, fahnen. trout, or whitling so taken or killed, together with the boats, tackle, nets, engines, and all other devices made use of art taking or and buying or killing the same, and also the fish so killed or taken; and all in*suchrfitoV. boats, tackle, nets, engines, and other devices so forfeited, in^their pof- ^all be cut to pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; or if any session, know- person or persons shall buy or fell, or offer to sale, or have in ing the same his, her, or their custody or possession, any salmon, gilfc, (alto be so killed, mon trout^ or whitling, knowing the same to have been killed or ei ios. or ta^en within the mouth or entrance of the said river, every person offending in any of the cases aforesaid shall forfeit the Aim of ten shillings for every such salmon, gilfc, salmon trout, or whitling so bought, fold, or which shall be in his, her, or their custody or possession.

Persons hav-

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ing afifhg'ht h anyways Prejudice or aflfefl the right of the owners or proprie-entrancelof C tors Asheries, or the right of any other person or persons who the river by now are, or at any time hereafter shall or may be seized, pof-theregula- sessed of, or intitled to, any manors, feigniories, or royalties tiens herein witln the mouth or entrance of the said river Tweedy as the tioned.mCn" ^me herein before described; but that all and every such owners and proprietors, and other person or persons, as lad are mentioned, shall have and enjoy all such right of fishery within the said mouth or entrance of the said river Tweeed as they have hitherto lawfully exercised or enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully exercised or enjoyed in case this act had not been made (so as such right be used and exercised at such times and ieafons only, under such regulations, and subject to such penalties and forfeitures as are herein before directed concerning the fisheries within the said river Tweedy and within the mouth or entrance thereof); any thing in this a Si contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Penalties, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, how to be re- That the penalties or forfeitures for offences against this ask may applied^ anc* recovered by distress and sale of the offenders

goods and chattels, upon proof of the offence or offences before any one or more justice or justices of the peace within that part of Great Britain called England^ the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the bounds and liberties thereof, or before any justice or justices of the peace, or sheriff-depute, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the county, Shire, liberty, or place where the offender or offenders shall be or reside, either by the consession of the party or parties, or upon the oath or oaths of one or more witness or witnesses, by warrant or warrants under (he hand and fegl ot hands and seals of such justice or justices

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 27. 73

in that part of Great Britain called England, the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the bounds and liberties thereof, or by warrant or warrants in due form of law of such justice or justices, or sheriff-depute, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

(all which warrants such justice or justices, or sheriffs-depute, is and are hereby authorised and required to grant, and to administer such oath or oaths) \ and the penalties and forfeitures which shall be so levied and paid, shall, from time to time, be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place where the offender or offenders shall beorreside; and the overplus remaining (if any), after such penalties and forfeitures, and all charges attending the levying and recovering thereof, are deducted, shall on demand be returned to the owner or owners of the goods and chattels so distrained; and in case sufficient d iff refs shall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, that then it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices, or (beriff*depute, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to commit every such offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, as the said justice or justices, or sheriff-depute, upon consideration of the circumstances, shall think fit.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Convictions the conviction or convictions of all and every offender or offen- b? m* ders against this act, within that part of Great Britain called England, the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the bounds and liberties thereof, shall be certified by the justice or justices of the peace, by or before whom the same shall be made, to the next general quarter fef&ons of the peace to be held for the county or place where the offender shall be convicted, and shall be filed amongst the records of the said sections; and such conviction shall be in the following form of words, or to the like effect;

(that is to say)

A.B. woe, upon the complaint of C.D. convicted before offences. me [or us, as the case shall happen] in pursuance of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his maje-jesty King George the Third, for regulating and improving the ftftieries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and dreams running into the same, and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river. Given under my [or our] hand and fed [or hands and seals, as the case shall happen] the day and year above written.

which said conviction shall be good and valid in the law to all intents and purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or judged void or inefficient for want of form only, and shall not be liable, to be removed by Certiorari into his Majfty's court of

E it remembered, That on tbt

in tbt year

Form of coo* viction for

King's

74 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 27. [1770.

King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to al intents and purposes whatsoever.

Ferfont pa-

XI. Provided always, That where any offender shall be punish-nished for of- ed for any offence by virtue of this act, such offender shall not fwce» by this again be prosecuted, nor incur any penalty by virtue of any be liable to be °^, er or Statute, or be liable to any other punishment for prosecuted the same offence; and no person shall incur any penalty, or upon any suffer any punishment for any offence committed against this act,

other act. unless the prosecution of the same shall be commenced within

six months after such offence committed.

Perfcus ag-

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all j grieved by and every person or persons who shall think himself, herself, or i Jj* of any themselves aggrieved by any judgement of any justice or justices appeal t<fthe of the peace, in any of the cases aforesaid, may appeal to the next quarter justices of the peace for the county, Shire, liberty, or place, (effiaas. where such judgement shall be given, at their then next general

Suarter sessions; but no such appeal shall be received, heard, or etermined, unless the appellant or appellants shall first give, or cause to be given, fourteen days notice in writing to the justice or justices from whose judgement, sentence, or determination he, she, or they shall appeal, of his, her, or their intention to bring such appeal, and shall also enter into a recognisance, with two Sufficient Sureties conditioned to try 'such appeal; and the said justices at their said sessions, upon due proof of such notice given as aforesaid, shall hear and determine every such appeal in a Summary way, and shall award and order to the party for whom, and in whose behalf such appeal shall be determined, such costs mid charges as they in their discretion shall think reasonable and just to be paid by the party or parties against whom Such appeal shall be determined; and in case such costs and charges shall not be paid within the Space of six days, the Same shall and may be levied by distress and Sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons ordered to pay the Same; and if the person or persons ordered to pay Such costs shall happen to remove or go into any county, Shire, liberty, or place, out of the jurisdiction of the said court where Such appeal shall be brought or heard, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace of or for the county, Shire, liberty, or place wherein such person shall inhabit or be found, and every Such justice of the peace is hereby required, upon request to him for that purpose to be made, and a true copy of the order for the payment of Such costs and charges produced and proved by (bme credible witness upon oath (which oath Such justice is hereby impowered to administer) by warrant in due form of law, to cause the money mentioned in that order to be levied by distress and Sale of the goods and chattels of the person that is ordered and ought to pay the same; and the determination of the Said justices, at such-quarter Session, shall be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and no proceeding to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against this act, or any order made, or other matter or thing to be dons or transited

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 27. jg

in or relating to the execution of this act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever: and that all and every perfoit or persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any judgement of any sheriff-depute in any of the cases aforesaid, may appeal to the lords of judiciary in the next circuit court of the circuit wherein such county or mire shall lie, ££Vnentof in the way, manner, and form, and under and upon the limi- any (hcriff de-tations and conditions prescribed by and contained in an act of pute may apparliament, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late P*J Majesty, for taking away and abolishing the bereditable jurisdictions Jjj*°n*in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other pur- next circuit poles therein mentioned. court.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That no altion at law shall be brought or commenced againstaioni. any person or persons for any thing done or to be done by virtue of this act, within that part of Great Britain called England, the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the bounds and liberties thereof, until after fourteen days notice thereof in writing shall be given to the person or persons against whom such altion shall be intended to be so brought, or left at his or their last or usual place of abode, setting forth the cause of such altion; and that every altion brought for any thing done or to be done as aforesaid, shall be brought within the space of six calendar months next after the cause of complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the salt was committed, and not elsewhefe; and the defendant or defendants therein may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter General issue. in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue hereof: and if, on the trial of such altion, it shall appear that the same was brought before the expiration of fourteen days next after such notice shall have been (o given or left as aforesaid, or after the end of six calendar months next after the cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such altion shall be brought or laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient tender of amends shall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, that then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and in ail cases where any verdict shall be found for any defendant or defendants in such altion, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue the same after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in such altion shall have treble Treble costs. costs, and have the like remedies for recovering the same as defendants have for recovering their costs in other cases by law.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Pabliek act. That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick alt, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other performs whotnsoever, without specially pleading the Umtf

CAP.

76 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.zS: [1770.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for punching offences committed by hackney coachmen and chairmen> within certain diJlriSs and places therein mentioned \ and for renewing the registry of carts and carriages.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether offences committed bj hackney coachmen and chairmen, within certain places, which by reason of the great increase and buildings, are now become the suburbs of the cities of London and Westminder, are cognizable under an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, in regard such places were not the atiual suburbs cf either of the said cities at the time of passing the said at1, and that fomt of them are not comprised within the weekly bills of mortality: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day or June, one thousand seven hundred and Act 9* Anne, seventy-one, all and every the new squares, buildings, and 1771 |thepa- rccts> the several parishes of Saint Mary le Bone; Saint

fifties of St. George, Hanover Square \ Saint George the Martyr, Queen Square-, Mary le Bone, and Saint George, Bloomsbury; within the county of Middlesex, St George the an(j ajf0 a]i the several burying grounds within five miles of the George* Han- cltlcs London or Westminster, belonging to any of the parishes over Square, " within the said cities of London or Westminster, or the parishes Saint George herein-before mentioned, shall be deemed, construed, and ad-Bloomsbury, judged, to be within the cities of London or Westminster, or the burying suburbs thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of grounds with the said act; and that the jurisdiction and authorities of the in five miles of for licensing hackney coaches and chairs, and of of London justices of the peace, and all the provisions, penalties, and former deemed1" fe*tures therein contained, shall extend, and be deemed, con-to be within sted, and adjudged to extend, to all and every the said new the limits of squares, buildings, and streets, and also to the several burying the said cities, grounds belonging to any of the parishes within the cities of London or Westminster, or any of the several other parishes here-in-before particularly mentioned.

Commission-

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall ers to order and may be lawful to and for the commissioners for licensing and chf^uetnn£f anc* rcgu^at*n£ hackney coaches and chairs to order and direct n^oach; " the several persons who take out licences for using hackney and every* coaches, that they do provide, for the better accommodation of coachman the publick, cheque firings or wires, to be placed in such con-plying with- venient part of every such coach as to the said of forfeit^s.* shall ^em mo^ convenient; and every hackney coachman ply* ing for hire without such cheque firing or wire, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence the sum of five shillings^to be levied and recovered in such manner as other penalties and forfeitures

77

/7°0 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 28j

fcitrurcs are, by any law now in being, relating to hackney coaches, directed to be levied and recovered.

III. And whereas, in purfitance of the directions offever at former All persons acts for that purpose, a very considerable number of carts, cars, drays, possessed of fish machines, and other carriages have, from time to time, been en- carts, cars, tered with the said of; which said entries>were, by the late

fire which happened in the hackney coach office, entirely consumed, and nov. 16, 1770, a!so all the booh of entries of such numbers were totally dejlreyed, by to make new means whereof the publick will be deprived of the benefit intended by entries, before the said several acts, unless same provision be made to compel the own- s?Pt*a9» l77*« ers of such carts, cars, drays, fish machines, and other carriages, which had been entered at the said office, and were in use at the time the said fire happened, to make entries of such numbers as they were then pof-Jeffid of, together with their names and respective places of abode; be it therefore further enacted, that all and every person or persons who was or were possessed of any cart, car, dray, fish-machine, or other carriages, on the sixteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, being the day on which the said fire happened, and which had been respectively entered with the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the said former acts,

shall, and they are hereby respectively required to make a new -

entry of every such cart, car, dray, fish machine, or other carriage, with the said of, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one 5 and for that purpose the owner or owners of such cart, car, dray, fish machine, 'or other carriage, shall make out and deliver, or cause to be made out and delivered, in writing, to to the said of, at the office for licensing hackney coaches, within the time aforesaid, the true and real number and numbers of every such cart, car, dray, fish machine, or other carriage so entered as aforesaid, which was or were in use, or which might lawfully have been used and employed on the said sixteenth day of November, together with the name and place of abode of the owner thereof; and thereupon the said of shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, without fee or reward, to make an entry or entries of every such cart, car, dray, fish machine, or other carriage, together with the respective number thereof, and the name and the place or places of abode of the respective owners thereof, in books to be by them provided for that purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons aeg-That in case any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to I^c^uch en-make such entry or entries as aforesaid, with the said commis- shall be* sioners, within the time herein before limited, every such per- subject to all fonfoneglectingorrefufing to make such entry or entries, shall be former penal-deemed and taken to have and be possessed of no such number or numbers, nor to have made any entry or entries whatsoever, with the said of, and shall be subject and liable to to all and every the penalties and forfeitures incurred, by all or any of the several act$ heretofore made for that purpose, in the same manner and to all intents and purposes, as if no such en-

4

7. Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.tg.

[1770.

" try or cotries had been ever made; any thing in any former ait,

or acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

In all afHon* y. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any defendanM1' action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, may plf»d the*"7 thing done in pursuance of this a (Si, the defendant or de-general issue. fendaots, in any such action or suit, may plead the general ifihe, and givethis ad, and the special matter in evidence^ at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, a verdict shall be recorded for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue hi saction, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer a-Donble coftt pinft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover double costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have, in other cases by law, for recovery of his or their costs.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for confoUdating, and rendering mere

fectual the powers granted by several of

for makings enlargings amending, and cleaning the drains, and fevoers within the city of London, and liberties thereof', and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, andplacesand preventing and removing obstructions and annoyances within the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by in all of parliament made and passed in the AAiQ*Carol. nineteenth year of the reign of his late Charier

*C0B 1*the Setond, intituled An act for rebuilding the city of it

was, amongflother things, exalted. That the number and plates for

dll tommon sewers, drains, and vaults, within the city London and liberties thereof, Should he designed and set tut by such and ft many per fans as the mayor, aldermen and commonalty of the said city, in common council assembled, J from time to time, authorise and appoint under their tommon seal, or the major part of them; to which persons several powers and authorities are thereby given, Jor mating new vaults, drains, or sewers, or for cutting into any drain or fewer already made; and for altering, enlarging, amending, cleansing, and ftouring of any old vaults, or common sewers: and Act»*&tj* whereas by another att made in the twenty-second and twenty-third Car. years of the same reign, the said tlause, or branch of the said in part recited act, was made perpetual, and the powers and authorities thereby given were directed to he for ever thereafter put in execution, according to the purport and effect of the said former act, and for defraying the charges thereof, the said persons ft to be appointed as feresaid, or any seven or more of them, were empowered from time to time, to impose and levy a reasonable tax or upon the several wards within the said city and, in manner therein mentioned.

79

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.

turned, U be affejjei as well open the tenants or occupiers of houfis, shops, or other tenements or hereditaments, as upon the owners or others, interested in such houses, or ground, unbuilt, and other

hereditaments whereof there Should be no present occupier: and where-Zy another act, made in the seventh year of her late majesty Queen Anne, it was amongf other things enacted, That the said persons so Ad 7* Ann*. to be appointed as aforesaid, Should execute, within the said city and liberties, every the powers and authorities given to or vejied

in any commissioners of sewers in any other county or place, by force or virtue of any the laws and Statutes of this kingdoms or of any commiEon to them granted pursuant to the same, and Should be deemed and taken to be of of sewers, within the limits aforesaid, sub-jest, nevertheless, to the limitations and directions of the said first in part recited Statute: and whereas, by another act made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better Act S* Geo. j. paving, cleaning, and enlightening the city of London and liber* ties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for repealiqfcan act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, Wr those purposes; the foie power and authority of pitching, pairing, cleaning, and enlightening the Jhroets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, «//>£/* the said city and liberties, or* vested in the said mayor and commonalty, oai citizens, to be executed by stub persons as by the said mayor, aldermen, commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, by virtue and in purfso-ante of the said in tart recited act, of the twenty second and twenty-third years of his said majesty King Charles the Second, then were, or thereafter from time to time Should be authorised and appointed to be of of the sewers for the said city and liberties, or by any seven or more of them; which said persons, so from time to time authorised and appointed to be of of the sewers for the said city and liberties, were thereby constituted of for carrying the said act of the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty into execution: and whereas the powers given and granted in and by the said several in part recited acts, have been found defedtve and infus- infafflc; ent to ficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended, and whereas Je- abfaer the tferal of the streets, and places within the said city and liberties, for purposes in-want of proper sewers, drains, or vaults, are frequently annoyed, the tended. houses and buildings therein weakened and rendered of less use, and the health of his Majesty's subjects greatly ajfeded: and whereas the rates and assessments which the perf ons so appointed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are by the said act of the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, authorised and empowered to raise and levy, for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, will be sufficient, by degrees, also'to defray the expence of making new sewers and publick drains and vaults, when wanted, and of enlarging and altering old ones where necessary, and the expence ofrepairing and cleansing all the said sewers, drains, and vaults, ought to be defrayed by the landlords or proprietors of the houses and lands within the said city and liberties: may it therefore please your Majesty th*t it may be enacted; and be it eroded by the

8o Aiino undcdmo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con* fern of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the passing this act, the foie power of ordering, designing, making, enlarging, widening, deepening, raising, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, and scouring of all common sewers, drains, and vaults; and of paving, cleansing, and lighting the several streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, within the said city of London and liberties thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby vested in the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, to be executed by such persons as by the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city in common council assembled, shall, from time to time, be nominated, and under the common seal of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, be appointed for that purpose, which said persons so from time time to be nominated and appointed, shall be, and they are hereby constituted of for carrying this act into execution.

The recorder II- Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, that and common the authority of the said of for the time being shall serjeant shall in no wjfe be suspended or taken away, favc by the appointment, sioners.011" from time to time, of new of for the said city and liberties: provided also, that the recorder and common (erjeant of the said city of London for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed two of the commissioners for carrying this act into execution.

The powers

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and de-to be exercised clared, that all the powers and authorities, by this act granted JmhofThi°r to or vc^cc* m of, hereby constituted as a-

commission- foresaid, shall and may, from time to time, be exercised by the ers. major part of such of them as shall attend at any publick meet-

ing of the said of, to be holden as herein after mentioned, the number of the said of, present at such publick meeting not being less than seven, (except for the purpose of adjourning) and all alts, orders, and proceedings of the said of present at such publick meeting, shall have the lame force and effect as if done or made by all the of constituted by this act.

IV. And it is hereby further declared and enacted that the First pabKck first publick meeting of the said of, to be had by meeting. virtue of and under this act, shall be at such time and place*

within the said city and liberties, as the mayor of the said city shall think proper to order and appoint: and the said mayor is hereby directed to order and appoint such first publick meeting to be held on or before the first day of June next, and to cause the said of to be summoned to attend the same.

V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, that it shall

Power to ad* and may be lawful to and for the major part of the said commis-journ, sioners present at such publick meeting, or at any subsequent

publick meeting of the said of (the number so attending

8x

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.

tending not being less than three) to adjourn such publick meeting to any future day and time, and to any place within the said city and liberties: provided always, that every commissioner shall have notice to attend at such adjourned publick meeting, by summons from the clerk to the said of for the time being.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declar- Maydr to aped, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor a

of the said city, for the time being, from time to time, to appointlic m€€tM>£* a publick meeting of the said of, at any time and place within the said city or liberties, which he shall judge proper for the execution of this act, notwithstanding any adjournment or nonadjournment of the said of; and shall esufe the said of to be summoned to attend the same.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, that the said commis- Commission-Coners shall and may, from time to time, at any of their said €r» appoint publick meetings, elect and appoint one or more clerk or derks, clcr*a*

and one or more surveyor or surveyors, and also such and so many other officers as they shall find necessary for the due execution of this act, (fourteen days norice of their intention to proceed to such election or appointment having been first printed and published in two or more of the daily news.papers, and no«r rice thereof being also expressed in the summons for such publick meeting;,) and the said of shall take such security as they shall think proper, for the due execution of such respective offices; and shall and may, from true to time, remove any of the said officers at their will and pleasure, and appoint others in the room of such as shall die, or be removed as aforesaid: and the said of shall and may, out of the monies arising, or to arise by virtue of this act, appoint and pay such salaries, gratuities, and allowances, as they shall judge reasonaljle, to such officers, and to all such other persons as shall have been, or shall be employed in, or aiding and assisting about the execution of this act.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that if any clerk, fur-clerks, Ssc> veyor, or other officer or servant, who shall be employed by the shall not take laid of, in the execution of this act, or any partcc* thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept any fee, gratuity,

or reward whatsoever (other than such salaries, allowances, and rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said of) for or on account of any thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this act, or for forbearing to do any thing hereby or by the said of directed to be done, on any account whatsoever, relative to the execution or nonexecution of this act, or shall any-way be concerned in interest, in any bargain made, or to be made, by the said of, for any of the purposes intended by this act, every person so offending hall, from thenceforth for ever, be incapable of being employed under this act; and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the i m of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who shall sue for the lame, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record Vol. XXIX, F at

Proceedings to be entered.

Persons not free of the city may be employed.

Notice of contracts to be given.

No member o* the common council to be concern

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

at Westminster, or within the said city, by action of debt, bdi, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action no suit, nor protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, that all the acts, orders, and proceedings of the said of, at their said publick meetings, from time to time, shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said of, and shall be signed by their clerk for the time being $ and such entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original orders and proceedings of the said of; and such book or books shall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, that the said of may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to time, to employ under them any fit person or persons, whether free of the said city or not, in or about all or any of the works which they shall cause to be performed, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, and to contract for the performance of such works, or any of them, with any person or persons whatsoever, in such manner as the said of shall think fit: and that no person or persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, nor any person or persons to be set to work by, or under them, or any of them, shall for any acSC done, or to be done, in or about any of the works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any action, indictment, or information, upon the Statute made in the fifth year of her late Majesty queen Elizabeth, intituled An act containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, servants of Luf bandry, and apprentices, or be liable to be sued for any breach of the custom of London, or for any penalty inflicted by any byelaw of the said city.

XI. Provided always, that previous to the making of any such contract, notice shall be given in some of the daily newspapers, that the said of do intend to make such contract, and that all persons willing to engage therein may make proposals to the said of, at a certain time and place, in every such notice to be specified; and all contracts made, or to be made, in consequence of such notice, shall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works are to be compleated, together with the penalties to be incurred in case of the nonperformance thereof, and the same shall be signed by the clerk for the time being of the said of, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform such works respectively, and shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said of,

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, that no person being a member of the court of common council of the said city, shall be directly or indirectly, interested, or concerned

\in any contract, which shall be made or entered into by or on

behalf

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 83

behalf of the fifd comnrrifftoners, for or concerning any of the in c<jnj hid works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this tract. y acr, or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed therein, upon pain that every such contract shall be null and void, and that the person who, being a member of the said court,

shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the said city, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed, in which action or soit, no protection, essoin, or wager offaw, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and every person against whom the said penalty (half be recovered, shall for ever thereafter be disabled from being elected a member of the farrd court of common council.

XIII. And it is hereby forther enacted, that the said com- sewers, kc. missioners may canfe such and so many new sewers, drains, and to be mad?, vaults, as they shall think proper to be dug, and made, in, a- and the streets longoracrossany of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, within the said city and liberties, floncn. and also any of the sewers and publick drains, and vaults, which noware, or hereafter shall be, within the said city and liberties, to be enlarged, widened, deepened, raised, altered, remove 1, repaired, clean fed, or scoured, when, and as often as to them shall seem meet; and also may cause all or any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, to be new paved, or repaired, when, and as osten, and in such manner, and with such materials, as the said of shall think fit; and for any of the said purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the said streets, or places, or any of them such gravel, stones, bricks, and other materials, as they shall judge necessary, and may likewise cause the ground thereof to be raised or lowered* the cmiffc of the channel running in, into, or through the same, to be tairned or altered, and the water pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under ground, to be taken up and new laid, in such places, manner, and form, as they the said of shall judge best; and may cause such posts, bars, and chains, as they shall think useless or inconvenient, to be taken sway, or removed; and likewise, all steps, bulks, shew glaffcs,

(hew-boards, balconies, windows, window frames, and stall boards, encroaching upon or extending over the foot-ways, and also all steps and doors opening or leading from the foot-ways into vaults or cellars to be taken away, removed or altered; any thing contained in the act of the nineteenth year of the reign of king Charles the second, for rebuilding the city of London, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Nottoexrfn£ declared, that no new fewer, drain, or vault, shall be made, nor to^drains (hill any common fewer, publick drain, or vault, which is already belonging to

f 2 made.

84 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29, [1770.

Saint Paul's enlarged, widened, deepened, raised, or altered, in any

Cathedral. > manner, by virtue of this act, so as to communicate with, or any ways injure, prejudice, or affect any fewer, drains, way-draught, or vault, now belonging to the cathedral church of Saint Paul in London, and which is situate, lying and being in the church-yard, of the said cathedral church, as well without as within the rails thereof, and which hath been made for the'use or benefit of the said cathedral, and have been and now are kept in repair by the order, and under the direction of the lord archbishop of Canterbury, the lord bishop of London* and lord mayor of London for the time being, as trustees for the fabrick of the said cathedral church, without the consent of the said trustees, or the major part of them, and of the dean and chapter of the said cathedral church for the time being, first had and obtained in writing for that purpose.

Signs, &c. to

XV. And it is hereby further enacted that the said cotmnif-or removed b*1 oners ^all an<* may cauk aH signs» other emblems used to fhecommif-denote the trade, occupation, or calling of any person or persons, (loner*. sign-posts, sign-irons, balconies, penthouses, (hew-boards, spouts, and gutters, projecting into any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, and all other incroachments, projections, and annoyances whatsoever, within the said city or liberties, to be taken down and removed, and shall cause all signs, or other emblems as aforesaid, (hew-boards and gutters, or such parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the fronts of the houses, (hops, warehouses, or buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and shall return, or cause to be returned, to their respective owners, so much of such signs or other emblems, sign-posts, or other posts, sign-irons, (hew-boars, spouts, and gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the alterations directed by this act; and that for the future, all signs, sign-boards, and gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houses, (hops, warehouses, or buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise; and if any person or persons shall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, erect, or build, any sign, sign-post, or other post, sign-iron, balcony, pent-house, shew - board, spout, gutter, or other projection, obstruction, or annoyance, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the direction aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, and the further sum of twenty shillings for every day such offence shall continue.

Cranes to be IKVL Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, that the1 1 anc* may lawful to and for any person or persons to

warehouses, keep any crane or cranes already fixed up against any warehouse or warehouses, within the said city and liberties thereof, or to affix any crane or cranes to such warehouse or warehouses, and to make use of such crane or cranes, so as such crane or cranes be turned and kept close to the walls of such warehouse or ware* houses when not in actual use -9 any thing in this act, or any

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 85

former law, custom, or statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And, for the more speedy removal of sundry nuifan- Wa g ees and obstructions within the said city and liberties, it is here- not j in by further enacted, that if after the passing of this act, any com- the sheet a-mon Aage waggon, or other waggon, or any cart, dray, or other b°ve onc carriage, shall, for the purpose 6? loading or unloading the same, <u>ur" or any part thereof, be suffered to Aand or continue in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, above the space of one hour at any one time; or if any cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, shall be placed and suffered to (land athwart or across any such llreet, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other purpose whatsoever; or if any such cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, shall be suffered to Aand or continue in any part of any such Arcets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any goods, ma-p tcrials, or things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left in any such Areet, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, so as to obAruft the free passage thereof; then, and itr every such case, any one of the said of, or any one of their officers, to he by them appointed to remove nuisances, Audi and may seize, or cause to be seized, the Aage waggon, cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, so placed or suffered to Aand or continue, contrary to the true meaning of this act, together with the horse or horses thereunto belonging, or the goods, ma-tcrials or things, so laid or placed, and left as aforesaid, and remove the same, or cause the same to be removed, to the common pound of the said city, commonly called the Gnen Tardy there to be kept and detained until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or servants shall and do claim the same, and pay to the person or persons in whose custody the lame shall then be the sum of twenty shillings, together with the charges of removing and keeping the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said sum of twenty shillings and charges paid, within the space of three days next after such seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said comtnifftoners, to cause the same, or a competent part thereof, to be appraised and fold, for payment of the said penalty and charges, returning to such owner or owners, upon demand, the goods and things not fold, together with the overplus (if any) of the monies arising by such Tale.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that if any person Continuance or persons whatsoever, shall erect or build or cause to be erected of hoard* in or built, any poAs, bars, rails, boards, or other things, by way of inclosure, for the purpose of making mortar, or depositingpj^ bricks, lime, or other materials, for building or repairing any house or houses, building or buildings, or other works, within the said city or liberties, in any other manner, or shall suffer the lame to remain for any longer, time than shall be necessary

f 3 for

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

for such building or repairs, or shall lay any rubbish within such inclosure, or in any publick street, passage or place within the said city or liberties, or cause the same to be done, and complaint thereof shall be made to the said of by any*two householders of the said city or liberties, and the said commissioners shall, upon view, or other due proof of the matter of the said complaint, find the same to be true$ then, and in every such case, the person or persons erecting and building such inclosure, and suffering the same to remain longer than shall be necessary as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings; and moreover, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, to cause such inclosure or erection to be pulled down and removed, and the materials thereof, as also all bricks, mortar, lime, or other valuable things contained within the same, or thereto belonging, to be deposited in the Green Yard aforesaid, there to be kept and detained until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or servants, shall and do pay to the person or persons in whose custody the same shall be, the charges of pulling down and removing the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said charges paid, within the space of eight days next after such seizure thereof, it (halt and may be lawful to and for the said of to order the same to be appraited and fold, and the money arising therefrom (halt be applied to the purposes of this act; and the said of are further authorised to remove such rubbish to such place as they shall think convenient, and every person laying such rubbish, or routing or procuring the same to be laid, within, or on the out-lide, or near to such inclosure, or in any publick street, passage, or place within the said city or liberties, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, together with the expence of removing the same.

No lime to be

XIX. And is is hereby further enacted, that no person or flaked in the persons whatsoever shall flake lime in the foot-way or carriage-streets, &c. Way of any of tjjC fey streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, or in any house or houses within the same, upon pain that every person so offending shall, (or every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings. Bricklayers or'XX. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall piaiterers may be construed to restrain any bricklayer or plasterer from flaking flake in the )jme within the yards or cellars of houses which shall be new-

houses new- building or repairing, or within the yards or cellars belonging

building of to the dwelling-house of any such bricklayer or plasterer, so that

repairing. the steam of such lime be conveyed into and through the chim-

ney of such house> respectively; and that no lime be flaked in any cellar or yard after the hour of seven of the clock in the morning, from Lady-day to Michaelmas, nor after the hour of eight of the clock in the morning, from Muhaelmas^xoLaiy-dsy; and if any lime shall be flaked contrary to the dire#ions of this act, every person so offending shall, for each offence, forfeit and pay she sum of forty shillings,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 87

XXI. And be it further enacted, that if any person or persons £>amagC being shall for the future carry, run, drive, roil, or draw or cause to done to the be carried, run, driven, rolied, or drawn, any bier, or any wheel foot-pave-

or wheels, empty cask or calks, fledge, wheelbarrow, or other ment* carriage whatsoever, or shall ride, lead, or drive, any horse, afs, mule, or other cattle, coach, or other carriage whatsoever, along any part of the said foot-pavements; then, and in any of the said cales, and so often as th*y or any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such offence committed, to seize, and also for any other person or persons to a (lift in seizing such offender or offenders, and by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the custody of a peace officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before (bine justice of the peace of the said city: and the party or parties accused being brought before him, fuen justice shall proceed to examine upon oath any witness or witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence, (which oath the said justice is hereby authorised offenders to and required to administer,) and if the party or parties accused forfeit, for shall be convicted of any such offence, either by his, her, or offence, their own confefGon, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, I08,

(he, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the fuen of ten shillings for the first time of offending; the sum of twenty shillings for the second time of offending; and the sum or forty shillings for the third, and every other time of offending.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, that the said com- Names of missioners shall and may*cause to be painted, engraved, or de- itreeis, uc. to feribed in (tone, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous be fixed: pan of one or more house or houses, building or buildings at

or near each end, corner or entrance, of each of the said streets,

lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages or places the name

by which each respective street, lane, square, yard, court, alley,

passage, or place, is or shall be properly or usually called

or known; and may also cause every house, (hop or ware-

house in each of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts,

alleys, passages and places, to be marked or numbered in such

manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously pena|tyonde-

destroy, pull down, obliterate, or deface, any such names, destroying, &c.

feriptions, marks or numbers, or any part thereof, or cause or the same.

procure the same to be done, every person so offending (halt,

for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that no person or Alterations in per ions shall, without authority from the said of, al- the pavement ter, or cause to be altered, the form of the pavement of any of °* the

the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, or in any way incroach thereupon, upon pain that every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fam of five pounds, over and above the expence of relaying and reinstating the same, according to the directions of

f 4 the

Bad pave* jiitfora to be repaired.

88 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

the said courtmissioners; the said forfeitures and expences to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at fVijlminstir, in the name of the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the said city of London, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the commission of such offence; in which action or suit, no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance'shall be allowed,

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, that, from and au ter the passing of this act, if any two housekeepers within the said city and liberties shall make complaint, in writing, under their hands, to the said of, of any defect or want of repair in any of the pavements of any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, either before or after the same shall have been new-paved or repaired by virtue of this act; then, and in every such case, the said of shall forthwith cause the pavement To complained of to be inspected by their surveyor; and if the same shall, by him, be found defective, and so reported to be to the said of, unless such defeCk shall appear to arise from a defeat in the water-pipes under such pavement, they the said of shall forthwith give orders to their contractor or contractors, pa-yior or paviors, to repair the same; and if the contractor or pavior of the said of, to whom such order shall be given, ' shall not, within four days next after receipt thereof, repair the said defective pavement; then, and in every such case, the (lid contractor or pavior, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for every day that the said defective pavement shall remain unrepaired, after the expiration of the said four days.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, that when, and so

When the wa- often as any pipe or pipes, belonging to any of the water com-brofene how Pan*cs* furnifti any part of the said city an<| liberties with to be taken up wat$r» and which now lie, or shall hereafter be laid under*'ground, in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts,

alleys, passages, or places, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, so as to require reparation, the surveyor of the said of, for the time being, or such other person or persons as the said coqunissioners shall appoint for that, purpose, shall forthwith give, or cause to be given, notice thereof in writing, to the pavior of the water company to whom he apprehends the said pipe or pipes do belong, who is hereby required to take up the pavement, and open the ground at or near the place where such reparation shall appear to be wanting; and if the said pavior shall, upon taking up such pavement, and opening such ground, discover that the pipe or pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, does not or do not belong to the water company, whose pavior he is; then, and in every such cale, he shall forthwith give, or cause to be given, notice thereof in writing, to She pavior of the company to whom the said pipe or pipes shall appear to belong, in which case, such last mentioned pavior is hereby required, upon demand, to make satisfaction for the' taking

Pavement,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.

taking up such pavement, and opening such ground, to the pavior giving notice as aforesaid; and the pavior of such water company, to whom the said pipe or pipes shall belong, is hereby required to cause or procure the said pipe or pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the said ground, and ram down the same, within two days next after such notice to him given; and as soon as such pipe shall have been so repaired, and the ground so filled up and rammed down, he shall give, or cause 10 be given, notice thereof, in writing, to the pavior or contractor, for the time being, of the said of: and if the pavior of any of the said water companies to or for whom such notice shall be given, or left at his last place of abode, shall* by the space of two days next after the giving or leoving such. notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take up such pavement, and open such ground; or, if upon discovering that the pipe or pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, doth not, or do not belong to the company whose pavior he is, shall refuse or neglect to give immediate notice thereof in writing to the pavior of the company to whom the said pipe or pipes doth or do belong; or if the pavior of the water company to whom the said pipe or pipes shall belong, shall, by the space of two days next after such notice given to him, or left at his last place of abode, refuse or neglect to cause or procure such pipe or pipes to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the ground so taken up, or to give such immediate notice of his having so done, to the pavior or contradtor of the said of, for the time being; then, and in every such case, the person or persons so respectively refusing or negle<sting, shall, fdr every such offence, (Severally forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and if any pipe or pipes, not belonging to any of the water companies, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, as aforesaid, in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places; then, and in every such case, the respective owner or owners thereof ftial! forthwith cause the ground over the same to be opened, and such pipe or pipes to be repaired, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk for the time being of the said of, or, in case of refusal or neglect so to"do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and if any pavement shall be broken or taken up, for the purpose of making, repairing, or altering any vault or drain, or for any other purpose whatsoever; then, and in every such case, the person or persons so breaking or taking up the said pavement, orcaufing the same to be so broken or taken up, shall, as soon as the nature of the work will permit, cause the ground to be filled up, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk, for the time beirjg, of the said of, or, in case of refusal or neglect so to do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings; and the said clerk of the said of shall forthwith, upon every such notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at the office of the said of, at the Guildhall of the said city, transmit such notice, or cause the same

90 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

to be transmitted to the pavior or contrador of the said of for the time being; and if the said clerk shall refuse or neg-led, by the space of two days next after any such notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his last place of abode, to transmit such notice, or cause such notice to be transmitted to the said pavior or contrador for the time being of the said of, or if such pavior or contrador, to whom any such notice as aforesaid shall be so transmitted, shall, by the space of two days next after the transmitting of such notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to relay and repair the pavement b broken up; then, and in every such case, the person so refusing or neglecting.shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for every day such pavement shall continue unrelayed or unrepaired, after the expiration of the said two days.

XXVI. Provided always, That if it shall happen that, at any time, there shall be no regular or fixed appointment of a pavior of any of the water companies, in that case such notice as aforesaid shall be delivered to, or left at the office of the clerk or fe-crptary of such company respectively; who shall, in every such case, be substituted in the room of such pavior, to all the intents and purposes aforesaid.

Pavior* «f the

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several water compa- and respective paviors now employed, or hereafter to be employ* ncxic^of^hrir c<* the^water companies respectively, within the said city names. See. or liberties thereof, shall, within the space of thirty days next after the passing of this act, or within three days next after they shall be respectively appointed paviors to such company or com* panics, give notice in writing to the clerk for the time being of the said of, of their respective names and places of abode, and of the names of the respective company whose pa* viors they are, and of the respective district to which they are appointed; and, in like manner, the clerk for the time being of the said of shall, within the respective times aforesaid, give notice to the respective paviors of the said several water companies, of the names and places of abode of the pavicr or paviors, contrador or contractors, for the time being, of the said of; and if any of the said paviors, or the clerk of the said of for the time being, shall neglect to give such notice within the respective times aforesaid, each of them shall, for every such offence, severally forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings/

Water com-

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted panics to pay and declared, That the charges and expences of relaying the the expence pavement which shall be broken or taken up, for the purposes Mvementying rcPa^ng or amending any such pipe or pipes, shall be reim* when the* bursed and paid to the said of, or to such person as

pipes are they shall appoint to receive the same, by the clerk or treasurer

broken, &c. for the time being, of the respective water companies, to whom such pipe or pipes shall belong; or if the same shall not belong to any of the said water companies, then, by the respective owper or owners thereof, and the ch^r^es and expences of relaying

91

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.

laying the pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the purposes of repairing, cleansing, or emptying any fewer, publick drain, or vault, or of making any new or additional grates, or of repairing and altering any old grates belonging to such fewer, publick drain, or vault, shall be defrayed and paid by and out of the rates to be raised under this act, for the purposes of repairing and cleaning the said sewers, publick drains, and vaults: and if fetch clerk or treasurer to any of the said water companies, or the respective owner or owners of such pipe or pipes, liable to reknburfe and pay such charges and expences,

shall refuse or neglect to pay the lame within ten days next after demand thereof in writing, signed by the clerk of the said of, and left at their respective dwelling-houses, or last places of abode, together with a bill to be annexed to fetch demand, containing an account of such charges and expences; then, and in every such case, the money io expended shall and may be recovered by the said of, of and from the person or persons so liable thereto, by action or actions of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of I record at fVtjiminfUr, in the name of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the said city of Londonr, to be commenced within three calendar months next after such demand respectively; in which action or actions, suit or suits respectively, no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and it U hereby further ena&- Expence cf ed. That if at any time it shall be found necessary, for the pur- alteration of poses of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, raising, al- the pipes to tcring, repairing, or removing any fewer or drain, within the* defrayed said city or liberties, or of new-paving, or altering the pave- ^es^f\hi«KH ment of any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, act. alleys, passages, or places, to raise, (ink, or arty otherwise alter

the position of any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by any of the said water companies, or by any other person or persons whatsoever, the charges attending the same shall be paid out of the monies arising, or to arise by virtjie of this act, for the purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, and making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the sewers, publick drains, and vaults, within the same.

XXX. And, for the more easily obtaining of water, in cases For procuring of fire, it is hereby further enacted, That the several water com- warer times panies, who shall supply any of the inhabitants of the said city or fire*

with water, shall, from time to time, within the space of fourteen days after the passing of this act, or within seven days after the appointment of any turncock or turncocks, give notice in Names of the writing to the said of, of the names apd places of a- turncock* to bode of their respective turncocks, distinguishing the districts be delivered to which they respectively belong; and if any of the said compa- u, m4c|! ft>r* nies shall neglect to give such notice within the times aforesaid, cltu, c 0 40^ they shall, for every such neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of forty

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29, [1770.

Shillings; and the said of shall, and they are here* by required, yearly, to cause to be printed and distributed through every ward within the said city and liberties, to and amongst the several householders within the same, a list of the names and places of abode of the several turncocks of thediftrictor districts within which every such ward respectively shall lie.

The streets to

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said combe watered, missioners shall have full power and authority to cause the said streets to be watered as often as they shall think fit, and also to cause any well or wells to be dug and sunk in such places as they shall think proper; and also any pump or pumps to be erected in or near such places, and also any pumps now (landing for the purpose of watering the said streets, or for any other purpose, to be removed or altered, and to defray the expences thereof out of the monies to be raised by virtue of this act, for the purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, and.making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the sewers, publick drains, and vaults, within the same. Dust holes, &c. XXXII. And, for the more effectually cleansing, and keep-how to be ing dean the said streets, lanes, (quarts, yards, courts, alleys,

wa €* passages, or places, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of to cause any number of moveable or fixed dust boxes, dud holes, or conveniences, wherein dust and allies may be deposited for the scavengers or rakers, to be erected and placed in such of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, as they shall judge necessary; and the occupier or occupiers of houses or tenements, within the said city and liberties, are hereby required, daily and every day, to cause all their dust and afties to be deposited in the said dust boxes, dust holes, or other conveniences, where any such shall be; or in default thereof, to keep all such dust and ashes in their respective houses or tenements, or the appurtenances thereof, until the same shall be removed and carried away, by the respective rakers to be in this behalf appointed: and in case any such persons shall deposit, or cause or permit to be deposited, any afties or dust in any part of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, except in same of the said dust holes, dust boxes, or other conveniences, where any such shall be, or if any person or persons shall lay or deposit, or cause to be laid or deposited, in the said dust holes, or dust boxes, or any of them, any dirt, dung, or filth, other than dust or asties, or shall- lay or deposit, or cause or permit to be laid or deposited, any dirt, dung, or filth, in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings.

Foot-way* to

XXXIII. And it is hereby farther enacted, That every oc-bc cleansed. cupier of any house or tenement within the said city and liberties, apd (in respect of houses lett to inmates) every house owjucr shall, once in every day, before the hour of ten of the

doc*

93

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 2

dock in the forenoon, scrape, sweep, and cleanse the foot-way all along the front of their respective houses or tenements, or cause the same to be (craped, swept, and cleansed; and in default thereof shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five shillings.

XXXIV. And, for the better lighting the said streets, lanes. Streets, &c. squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, be it hereby* further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, from time to time, to cause such and so

many lamps to be set up in such places within the said city and liberties thereof, and to be placed in such manner, and at such distances, as they shall judge necessary; and the said commit* sioners shall order and direct at what lime the lights within the same shall be lighted, and how long they shall continue lighted; 'and shall, from time to time, give such other orders and directions in the premises, as they shall think needful for the well and sufficient lighting the said city and liberties thereof.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person Penalty on or persons shall wilfully take away, break, or throw down, or persons da-damage any lamp that now is or hereafter shall be set up for magingUmps. lighting any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts,

alleys, passages, and places, or wilfully extinguish the light or lights within the same, or damage the irons or other furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per-6ms whatsoever who shall fee such offence committed, to seize* as also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing the offender or offenders; and, by authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them to the custody of a peace officer, in order to be recured and conveyed before tome justice of the peace of the said city; and such justice shall proceed to examine upon oath any credible witness or witnesses-who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence (which oath the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer); and if the party or parties accuied shall be convicted of such offence, either by his, her, or their own confession, or upon such oath as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for each such lamp so broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every light (o extinguished as aforesaid; and, moreover, shall, make full farisfaction to the said of, or to such person as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the damage so by him, her, or them done, as aforesaid: and in case such offender or offenders shall not, on conviction, pay such forfeiture, and make such farisfaction asa-foresaid, such justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the hidtwill of the said city, there to be kept to hard labour for any space of time not exceeding one calendar month { and such offender or offenders shall not be discharged before the expiration of the time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such forfeiture and farisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

94-

Persons carelessly or accidentally breaking or damaging lamps, to makcfattffa&ian.

Lamps how be placed.

Property of the fewer* and pavements, to be vested in the mayor, Sec.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, Thatn case person or persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage, any of the said lamps so set of, or hereafter to be set up as aforesaid, or the irons or other famiture thereof, and shall not immediately upon demand, make fotisfadion for the damage done thereto; then, and in every, such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one justice of the peace of the said city, upon complaint to him made, by one or more credible person or persons, upon oath, (which oath such justice is here* by impowered and required to administer) to summon before him the party or parties who shall be complained of for doing such damage; and, upon hearing the allegations and proof* upon oath, touching the same, or upon the nonappearance of the party or parties so complained of, and fortimoned, to award such sum or sums of money, by way of fotisfaction for such damage, as such justice shall think reasonable; and in case of refusal or neglect of the said party or parties to pay the sum or sums of money so awarded within three days next after demand thereof, to caofe the same to be levied by distress and foie of his; her, or their goods or chattels, the surplus (if any) arising by such distress and foie to be paid to him, her, or them. i

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all lamps which are or shall be put up in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, pastages, or places, by any person or persons, at his or their own private expence, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be placed in such manner, as the said of, appointed to put this act into execution, shall diredh

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the property of the sewers, and publick drains and vaults, and of the pavements, which, at the time of passing of this act, or at any time or times hereafter, shall be within the said city and liberties, and all materials and things used, or to be used, in, or about the making or repairing thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the said city; and the said of are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name of the fold mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to prefer, or order the pre- fering of iodidments against any person or persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, any, or any part of such materials or things; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or ttali-ciously destroy, or otherwise damage or fpoily any of the said materials or things, or any of the works done in pursuance of this act, or any part or parts thereof, every person or persons so offending therein, and being thereof convicted, by the oath or oaths of one o^more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace, which oath or oaths such justice is hereby xequired to administer, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for the first time of offending, and the sum of forty shillings for the second, and the sum of

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 95

'five pounds for every other time of offending, together with all costs, charges, and expences, in respedi of such damage or spoil as the said of shall be put unto; such costs, charges, and expences, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at fVekminjltr, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of the principal clerk to the said of for the time being, in which action or salt no protection, cffoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no person or per- Private drains fons shall* without the leave or licence of the said commission- to be made, ers, make or braoch any drain or drains into any of the said publick fevers, drains, or vaults, made, or to be made, by virtue of this a#, upon pain that every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of twenty pounds; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name of the principal clerk to the said of for the time being, in which action or fuii no protection, cffoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all private drains which and desnfed, now are, or by permission of the said of shall hereafter be made, within any of the publick streets or passages within the said city or liberties, and which do or shall issue into any of the publick sewers, drains, or vaults, shall be repaired and cleansed under the inspection and direction of the surveyor, or other proper officer of the said of, at the costs and charges of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the lands or tenements to which the said private drains do or shall respectively belong.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the ex- Rates for pence of paving, cleaning, and lighting the said streets, lanes, sewers and squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages; and places, and pre- pavements, venting annoyances therein, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering and removing, all or any the common sewers, publick drains, and vaults, within the said city and li- berries, one or more rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall, at such time or times as the said of shall think fit to order and direct, by writing under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of any seven or more of them, be made, laid, and a defied in the several wards of the said city, by the aldermen or their deputies respectively, and the major parr of the common council men of each ward, upon all and every person and persons, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement or hereditament within the said several wards, and who, by the laws now in being, are, or ftuli.be liable to be rated towards the relief of the poor, in the respective parishes where he, she, or they shall respectively live or reside, for raising such competent sum and Aims of money, as the said of shall, from time to time, judge needful and direct, so as

6 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

such rates or assessments do not in any one year exceed, in the whole, the sum of one shilling and sixpence in the pound, of the yearly rents of such of the said lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments respective-)y, as shall be situate in any street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, actually begun to be new-paved by virtue and in pursuance of this act, or of any former act of parliament, and one shilling in the pound of the yearly rents of such*of the lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, as shall not be so situate; such rates respectively to be from time to time ascertained by the rates at which such respective lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments shall be, from time to time, assessed towards the land tax.

Mijor part of

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it common shall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the corn-compound for mon counc, l of each respective ward, from time to time to fates on" compound with the owner or owners, landlord or landlords, of houses, See. any house or houses within the said streets and places to be rated as aforesaid, the annual relit or value whereof shall be under ten pounds, for the rate or assessment by this act authorised to be laid upon such house or houses, so as in such composition there be not remitted to* any such landlord or landlords, owner or owners respectively, more than one half of the rate to be laid upon such house or houses respectively.

Lessees of

XLIII. Provided also, and whereas the farmers or leffets of markets to tie publick markets, within the said city and liberties, werey by their pay tUe rate<- leases thereof or otherwise, bound and liable to pavey cleanse, and light the said markets; and whereas the expence of paving, cleanfmgy and lighting the said marketr, greatly exceeds the rate of one shilling and sixpence in the pound of the respective rents at which the said markets Jland rated towards the land tax; be it further enacted, That the said farmers or lessees, their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall from time to time, upon demand of the said of, or their principal clerk for the time being, pay into the chamber of London all such sum or sums of money as the said of shall actually expend in or about the paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said markets respectively; which said sum or sums of money shall or may from time to time, in case of refusal or neglect to pay the same, be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city* in the name of the said principal clerk for the time being, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

The farmers

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be Iaw-and lessees of ful to and for the said of, from time to time, to markets, to compound and agree with the farmers or lessees of the Taid mar-becompound- j^g for a certain sum of money, in lieu and (lead of the sums e m'to be rated and assessed by virtue of this act, the account of which composition shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 97

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if it shall hap- How empty pen that any of the lands, houses, (hops, ware houses, cellars, Jc affeifed vaults, or other tenements, within the said city and liberties,

shall, at the time of making any of the said rates or assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward where such premises shall lie, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the said ward, to rate and ailess the said premises, at the times the said commissioner*

shall direct as aforesaid; and in such case, as well as in case the said premises shall, after the making such rate or rates, afieff* ment or assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, one half of every such rate or assessment shall be charged on such premises respectively, and be paid by the first tenant or occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby authorised to deduct and detain the lame out of his or her relit, and the landlord, or owner and owners of Aich premises, is and are hereby required, to allow such dedudion and payment, upon the receipt of the residue of his, her, or their respective rents, and the said tenant or occupier shall be, and is hereby acquitted, and discharged of and for so much of his or her relit, as the rate or assessment so paid by him or her shall amount unto.

XLVI. And whereas many hmfes in several of the wards of the Houses let said city arty by the several landlords or owners thereof let out to ?ut inhlo<^ poor tenants, or in lodgings or tenements to divers tenant5, whereby it will be difficult to rate or assess the said tenants, in respect of such c

houses, or to recover such rates and assessmenU when made, for re* medy whereof, be it enacted, That (Tom': and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each respective ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common coundhnen of the said ward, ' at the times the said of shall direct as aforesaid, to rate and affess, in every such rite or assessment, the owner or owners of all such houses, or tenements as shall be so let for a less relit than ten pounds per annum, or occupied by two or more tenants; which rate or assessment shall be paid by the occupier or occupiers of any such houses or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of any such houses or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of whom the same shall be demanded, is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such font and sums of money as shall be so rated or assessed upon the owner or owners thereof, and to dedud the same out of his, heiyor their respective rents, and the landlord and landlords, or owner or owners of such houses or tenements, is and are hereby required to allow such dedudions and payments, upon the reciiptof the residue of his, her, or their rents; and every such occupier paying such assessment or assessments,

shall be acquitted and discharged far so much of his, her, or their relit or rents, as the said assessment or assessments, so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom his her or their relit shall Vol. XXIX. G be

6 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

such rates or assessments do not in any one year exceed, in the whole, the sum of one shilling and sixpence in the pound, of the yearly rents of such of the said lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments respectively, as shall be situate in any street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, of place, actually begun to be new-paved by virtue and in pursuance of this act, or of any former act of parliament, and one shilling in the pound of the yearly rents of such'of the lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, as shall not be so situate; such rates respectively to be from time to time ascertained by the rates at which such respective lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments shall be, from time to time, afiefled towards the land tax.

Mijor part of

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it common shall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the corn-compound for mon counc'l of each respective ward, from time to time to rate^on0 or compound with the owner or owners, landlord or landlords, of houses. See. any house or houses within the said streets and places to be rated as aforesaid, the annual relit or value whereof shall be under ten pounds, for the rate or assessment by this act authorised to be laid upon such house or houses, so as in such composition there be not remitted to* any such landlord or landlords, owner or owners respectively, more than one half of the rate to be laid upon such house or houses respectively.

Lessees of

XLIII. Provided also, and whereas the farmers or lejfets of markets to the publick markets, within the said city and liberties, werey by (heir

pay uie rates. leases thereof or otherwise, bound and liable to pave, cleanse, and light the said markets \ and whereas the expence of pavings cleanfmgy and lighting the said markets, greatly exceeds the rate of one falling and sixpence in the pound of the respective rents at which the fad markets Jland rated towards the iand tax; be it further enacted, That the said fanners or lessees, their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall from time to time, upon demand of the said of, or their principal clerk for the time being, pay into the chamber of London all such sum or Turns of money as the said of shall actually expend in or about the paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said markets respectively; which said sum or Turns of money shall or may from time to time, in case of refusal or neglect to pay the same, be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city* in the name of the said principal clerk for the time being, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

The farmers

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may belaw-and lessees of ful to and for the said of, from time to time, to markets, to compound and agree with the farmers or lessees of the said mar-becompound- for a certain sum of money, in lieu and (lead of the sums ea with. so ratcj ancj assessed by virtue of this a<£l, the account of which composition shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 97

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if it (hah hap* How empty pen that any of the lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, Jc assesscdl^ vaults, or ocher tenements, within the said city and liberties, c e c shall, at the time of making any of the said rates or assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward where such premises shall lie, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the said ward, to rate and assess the said premises, at the times the said commissioner*

shall direct as aforesaid 5 and in such case, as well as in case the Jard premises shall, after the making such rate or rates, assess. ment or assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, one half of every such rate or assessment shall be charged on such premises respectively, and be paid by the first tenant or occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby authorised to deduct and detain the same out or his or her relit, and the landlord, or owner and owners of inch premises, is and are hereby required to allow such deduction and payment, upon the receipt of the residue of his, her, or their respective rents, and the said tenant or occupier shall be, and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his or her relit, as the rate or assessment so paid by him or her shall amount unto.

XLVI. And tvhinas many houses in several of the wards of the Houses let said city are, by the several landlords or owners thereof, let out to ?ut hi1 l°dg-poor tenants, or in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it b^aflcffed/^ wiU be difficult to rate or assess the said tenants, in respect of such houses, or to recover such rates and ajfofpnenU when made; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That fronrand after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderirfsm of each respective ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common coundhneia of the said ward, at the times the said of shall direct as aforesaid, to rate and assess, in eve- ry such rite or assessment, the owner or owners of all such hduses, t or tenements as shall be so let for a less relit than ten pounds per ammm, or occupied by two or more tenants; which rate or assed'-; ment shall be paid by the occupier or occupiers of any such houses or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of any such houses or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of whom the same shall be demanded, is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such sum. and sums of money as shall be so rated or addled upon the owner or owners thereof, and to dedud the same out of his, her,or their respective rents, and the landlord and landlords, or owner or owners of such houses or tenements, is and are hereby required to allow such dedudions and pay* meats, upon the iecdpsof the residue of his, her, or their rents $ and every such occupier paying such assessment or assessments,

shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his, her, or their relit or rents, as the said assessment or assessments, so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom his her or their relit shall Vol. XXIX. G be

arampntiery Tea

[Junk removed.]

or

j77V'Y Anno undecimo Georgii III. c-29. 99*

his deputy, and the common councilman of such ward, or the*major part of them, shall, and they are hereby directed and impowered to conform to and pursue such determination as they shall reipe&irely receive from the said commissioners, and which the (bid commissioner* are hereby impowered and required to' rigmfy by their principal clerk for the time being, in writing, as to what part of the said ground ought to be deemed a wharf, within the intent and meaning hereof, and shall rate and aflbfs' the same accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L. Andy in order to enable the several aldermen of the fend city, Books relating or their respective deputies., and also the said tornmissioners, to form to the poors*proper judgement of any rate or rates made, or to be madey in pur- rates, to be Juanee of this a&y and to grant proper relief, be it further enacted, examined* 'That the said aldermen, or their respective deputies, and also the said commissioners, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to cause any of the books of the afieff. meat of the land tax, within the said city or liberties, and also any of the books of the assessments of the rates towards the re- lief of the poor, within any of the parishes within the same, to be brought before? them, or any of them, and to take copies of such books, or any part thereof, as they or any of them shall think fir, without fee or reward; and if any person or persons* in whose custody or power any of the said books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said aldermen or their deputies respectively, or their (hid of, with such book or books, or to permit! them, or any of them, to take copies thereof as aforesaid y then, and in every such case, every person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fan* of forty shillings*

LI. Andy forasmuch as it is reasonabtiy that all publick buildings churches and (hospitals incepted) and all dead watlsy and void spaces of groundy publick build* Should be rated and afjijfed in a due proportion towards the paving, meeting-cleansing, and lighting the said city and the liberties thereof, and the ||^7paces of making and altering the publick sewers, drainty andvaulis, within ground, to be the famey it is hereby further efta&ed. That it shall and may beaileircd. lawful to and for the alderman of each ward within the said city and liberties, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of such ward, and they are hereby required, at! tech time as the' rates and assessments herein before directed to? be made by them, by order of the of, shall, front' time to time, be madej to rate and aflfefs towards the said pur- pefes, all parish churches, church-yards, chapefs, meeting* houses, and other publick buildings whatsoever, not charged to the landtSx, and all void spaces of grouna, situate, lying, and* being within their ward, other than, and except the cathedral church of Saint Paul in London, and the church-yards and ground within the iron fails encompassing the said cathedral church, at such rate as the of, by writing under their hands and frease, or the hands and teals of any seven or more of them; shall order and direct* for every* fijuareyard d

lee

Tenants to hospitals to be assessed.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29; [1770.

such churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houses, publick buildings, and void spaces of ground, not exceeding the rate of four-pence per square yard$ and also to rate and affcfs all dead walls within their wards, towards the purposes aforesaid, at such rate as the said commiflkmers shall order and di-red, in manner aforesaid, for every yard running measure of such dead walls, not exceeding the rate of sixpence per yard; such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be, from time to time, made upon any parish church, church-yard, or chapel, to be paid by their respective church or chapel wardens; and the rate or rates, assessment or assessipents, so to be made, from time to time, upon any meeting-house within the said city or liberties, to be paid by the minister or deaeons, or other person usually officiating the rein: and if such church or chapel wardens, minister, deaeons, or other person, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same upon demand; then, and in every such case, such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall and may be recovered of and from the person or persons so required to pay the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster* or within the said city, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the principal clerk to the said of for the time being, in which action or suit no. essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: and in default of payment of such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, by the minister or deacons of such meeting-house, or the person or persons officiating the rein, the same mall be and remain a charge upon such meeting-house, and shall and may be recovered by such action, bill, plaint, or information, as aforesaid, against the landlord or landlords, owner or owners thereof; and such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be from time to time made upon any publick building (not being an hospital) or upon any dead wall or void space of ground, shall be paid by the respective owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof; and in case the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such void space of ground, shall not be known, or cannot be found, then the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be thereon made, shall be advanced by the chamberlain of the city of London fox the time being, out of the cash of the said city in his hands, and the said ground shall be and remain a security to the said chamberlain and his successors for repayment of all rates so to be by him advanced.

LII. Provided always* find whereas several lands* houses* Jbops* warehmfcs* cellars* vaults* or other tenements or hereditaments, within the said city and liberties* belonging to some of the publick hospitals thereof* are or may be by law exempted from being affejj'd towards tin land tax* in respect of the rents payable to the said hospitals* be it enacted, That at all times after the passing of this act, the tenants or occupiers of all such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenements and hereditaments, shall be assessed, and pay towards the purposes of this

a#.

J0I

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29;

aat such rates fespectively, in the same proportion, and to the full extent as other lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenements and hereditaments, within the said city and liberties, are or shall be assessed, without any exemption or deduction ih respect of the relit or rents which is, are, or shall be payable to the said hospitals, or the governors thereof; any thing herein before contained, or any other law or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

U1l. And whereas, before the passing of the said act of the eighth The pave-year of his present Majesty, the pavement then lying between the pent8 belong-fenee of the church-yard belonging to the cathedral church of Saint th?d^schu«h Paul, in the said city ^London, and the channels of the several Of Saint Paul Jireets and ways adjoining to and surrounding the said church, con- to be assessed. tained two thousand two hundred and forty square yards, and the charges and expences of repairings cleansing, and lighting the same, was then paid out of the inter efi and yearly produce of the fur plus-money of certain duties on coals, granted by divers acts of parliament, and vejled in the lordarchbishop of Canterbury, lordb'tjbop of London, and lord mayor of the city ^London for the time being; be it hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward of Cajilebaynard, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council of the said ward, and they are hereby required, when, and at such times as the rates and assessments herein before directed to be made shall, from time to time, be made, to rate and assess the said cathedral church towards the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common sewers, publick drains, and vaults within the said city and liberties, at such rate as the said alderman, or his deputy, with the major part of the common coun* cil of the said ward, shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the rate of one shilling and threepence by the year for every square yard of the said pavement now kept in repair, out of the interest of such trust- monies as aforesaid; and that such rates or assessments so to be, from time to time, made on the said cathedral church as aforesaid, shall be paid by the lord archbishop of Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of the said city of London for the time being, or their treasurer, or other proper officer, out of the interest and produce of the said furplps-mo-nies so vested in them, upon the trusts and for the purposesa-foresaid.

LIV. And whereas it would be a great accommodation to the pub- The ground, lick, without any diminution of the grandeur or beauty of the said area, or space, cathedral church of Saint Paul, if the ground, area, or Jpace in the j? tJ*c west front thereof \ now inclosed with an iron rail or fence, or some paur8°chuch, part thereof \ was to he opened or laid into the street; be it therefore may be Uyed enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said into the pub* commissioners under this act to treat and agree with the lord1, ck street archbishop of Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of the said city for the time being, trusteesfor the fabrjfk of the

IO?

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 2gr [1770.

said cathedral church, or any two of them, and with the dean and chapter of the said cathedral church for the time being, (who are hereby severally authorised and impowered to contract with the said of accordingly,) for opening and laying into the said publick street all or any part of the said ground, area, or space, lying westward of the great steps leading up to the said church, (except that part encompafTed with an iron rail, whereon the statue of the late Queen is erected) and the said of are hereby authorised and impowered, by and out of the monies arising from the rates and afielftnems to be made by virtue of this act, for paving, lighting, and cleaning the said city and liberties, to make such compensation for the same to the said, trustees, as shall be agreed for; and thereupon to cause the said ground, area, or (pace (except as before excepted) or so much thereof as shall be so- agreed for, to be opened and laid into the publick street, any law, or pre* scription to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe stall be rated, lawful and for the alderman of, for the time being, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the said ward, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to rate and assess, in every such rate and assessment as aforesaid, the several inns of court and chancery herein after named, in the several and respective sums herein after mentioned, as a com for the repairs of the pave* jnents which they have respectively sustained; that is to say. Inner Temple, in the sum of two pounds two shillings per annum \ the Middle Temple, in the sum of six pounds six shillings per num; Serjeants Inn in Chancery Lane in the sum of ten pounds, per annum; and also to rate and afiefs the several inns of chan*

eery herein after named, in the several and respective sums here* in after mentioned j that is to say. Staples, in the sum of fourteen pounds per annum j FurnivaFs Inn, in the sum of twenty pounds per annum; Bernard's in the sum of six pounds per annum; Clifftrd's Inn, in the sum of two pounds two shillings per annum; which rates or a fie Aments, shall be paid by the treasurer, principal, or other proper ofifcer of the said inns of court and inns of chancery respectively; and in default of payment may be filed for and recovered in like manner as the rates and assessments upon parish-churches, church-yards, and chapels, are herein before directed to be levied and recovered.

Streets in I.

VI. And whereas there are and hereafter may be several new

building. m«y Jfreets and places, which are not paved, part of which are or may be be compound. and in building, and small pieces or parcels of ground in several

e tqr.^flretts, lanes, squares, yards, alleys, or pla-

tfs, within the said tityand, unbuilt, which are neither paved, cleansed, or lighted; and whereas it would be a means of

greatly forwarding the good purposes intended by this all, if builders brothers, owners of lands or houses in such new streets or pieces, yam to pay futh sum or fumt of money towards the new-paving the same, as jsher tin- after directed, to the said commijfttntrs j be it

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 103

therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of to view and inspect any such (Ireet, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, which now is, or hereafter may be built upon or building upon j and if, upon fucfa view, they shall be of opinion that the same, or any part or parts thereof, is, or are fit and proper to be paved, the said of, at any meeting after such view, shall and may order their surveyor or surveyors, or other person or persons by them appointed for that purpose, to give notice to the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, lefiee or lessees, of any Jand, ground, house, (hop, warehouse, coach-house, liable, cellar, vault, tenement, or hereditament, in any such (freer,

Jane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, or leave the same at his, her, or their lad or usual place of abode, or with his, her, or their known fervsnt or servants, or if no such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, lefiee or lessees, can be found, then such notice shall be (such against the said pre-miles, or any conspicuous part thereof, which notice shall require such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietor*, lefiee or lessees, to meet such of at the time and place therein mentioned, not being less than fourteen days from the date of such notice, to compound for the paving thereof, at any sum not exceeding three shillings for every square yard of such pavement, whether carriage-way or foot-way, which competition the said of, at their publick meeting, are hereby authorised to make; and if such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, lefiee or lessees, shall not attend, or shall not compound or agree with the said of as aforesaid j then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, at their publick meeting, to order the same to be paved as soon as conveniently can be, and all the charges and expences attending such paving shall be paid by the respective owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, lefiee or lessees, and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wt, or within the said city, in the name of the principal clerk to the said of for the time being, in which action or suit no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, to vacate That nothing in this act contained shall be deemed or taken to any agreo m?ke void any contract, covenant, or agreement, between land- merit between lord and tenant, touching or concerning any matter or thing to a"d

be done or performed in pursuance of this act; and in case anytena dispute shall arise concerning such contract, covenant, or agreement, the said court of mayor and aldermen shall have power to hear and finally determine the same.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commission-lawful to and for the said of, from time to time, ers may com-and at aV rimes heresseer, to compound and agree with any pet-(bn or periods, agairtft whom, tine said of (half bring* breach of-

G4 or contract.

94

Persons care-Jessly or accidentally breaking or damaging lamps, to make satisfaction.

Lamps how to be placed.

Property of the fewert and pavements, to be vested in the mayor, See.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any person or persons shall carelessly or acckten tally break, throw down, or damage, any of the said lamps so set of, or hereafter to be set up as aforesaid, or the irons or other furniture thereof, J and shall not immediately upon demand, make satisfaction for the damage done thereto; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one justice of the peace of the said city, upon complaint to him made, by one or more credible person or persons, upon oath, (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) to summon before him the party or parties who shall be complained of for doing such damage; and, upon hearing the allegations and proofs upon oath, touching the same, or upon the nonappearance of the party or parties to complained of, and-foitimoned, to award such sum or sums of money, by way of foisfo&ion for such damage, as such justice shall think reasonable 3 and in case of refusal or neglect of the said party or parties to pay the sum or sums of money so awarded within three days next after demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of his; her, or their goods or chattels, the surplus (if any) arising by such distress and iale to be paid to him, her, or them.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all lamps which are or shall be put up in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, pafEiges, or places, by any person or persons, at his or their own private expence, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be placed in such manner, as the said of, appointed to pot this act into execution, shall direct.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the property of the sewers, and publick drains and vaults, and of the pavements, which, at the time of passing of this act, or at any time or times hereafter, shall be within the said city and liberties, and all materials and things used, or to be used, in, or about the making or repairing thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the said city; and the said of are hereby authorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or adtons, in the name of the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to prefer, or order the pre-fering of indictments against any person or persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, any, or any part of such materials or things; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, or otherwise damage or fpoily any of the said materials or things, or any of the works done in pursuance of this act, or any part or parts thereof, every person or persons so offending therein, and being thereof convicted, by the oath or oaths of one or^more credible witness or wknestes, before any justice of the peace, which oath or oaths such justice is hereby squired to administer, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for the first time of offending, and the sum of forty shillings for the second, and the sum of

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. ig. gfi

pounds for every other time of offending, together with all cods, charges, and expences, in respect of such damage or spoil as the bid of shall be put unto; such costs, charges, and expences, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at fPehminfttri by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of the principal clerk to the said of for the time being, in which afiion or suit no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no person or per- Private drains Tons shall* without the leave or licence of the said commission- to be made, ers, make or braoch any drain or drains into any of the said publick fewer*, drains, or vaults, made, or to be made, by virtue of this act, upon pain that every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name of the principal clerk to the said of for the time being, in which action or suit no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all private drains which and cleansed. now are, or by permission of the said of shall hereafter be made, within any of the publick streets or passages within the said city or liberties, and which do or shall issue into any of the publick sewers, drains, or vaults, shall be repaired and detnfed under the inspection and direction of the Purveyor, or other proper officer of the said of, at the costs and charges of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the lands or tenements to which the said private drains do or shall respectively belong.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the ex- Rates for pence of paving, cleaning, and lighting the said streets, lanes, sewers and squares, yards, courts, alleys, panages; and places, and pre- Pavements, venting annoyances therein, and of making, enlarging, widen* ing, deepening, altering and removing, all or any the common sewers, publick drains, and vaults, within the said city and li- berries, one or more rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall, at such time or times as the said of shall think fit to order and direct, by writing under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of any seven or more of them, be made, laid, and assessed in the several wards of the said city, by the aldermen or their deputies respectively, and the major part of the common council men of each ward, upon all and every person and persons, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement or hereditament within the said several wards, and who, by the laws now in being, are, or shall be liable to be rated towards the relief of the poor, in the respective parishes where he, she, or they shall respectively live or reside, for raising such competent sum and sums of money, as the said of shall, from time to time, judge needful and direct, so as

6 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

fitch rates or assessments do not in any one year exceed, in the whole, the sum of one shilling and sixpence in the pound, of the yearly rents of such of the said lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments respective-)y, as shall be situate in any street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, a£hially begun to be new*paved by virtue and in pursuance of this act, or of any former of parliament, and one shilling in the pound of the yearly rents of such

of the lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, as shall not be so situate; such rates respectively to be from time to time ascertained by the rates at which such respective lands, houses, (bops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments shall be, from time to time, assessed towards the land tax.

Mijor part of

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it common shall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the corn-

compound for mon counc* cac^ respe(^ve ward, from time to time to tatefon" ° compound with the owner or owners, landlord or landlords, of houses, &c« any house or houses within the said streets and places to be rated as aforesaid, the annual relit or value whereof shall be under ten pounds, for the rate or assessment by this act authorised to be laid upon such house or houses, so as in such cotnposition there be not remitted to* any such landlord or landlords, owner or owners respectively, more than one half of the rate to be laid upon such house or houses respectively.

Lessees of

XLIII. Provided also, and whereas the farmers or lejfets ef markets to the publick markets\ within the said city and liberties, were, by their p»y tue rates, thereof or othertuife9 bound and liable to paves eleanse, and

light the said markets j and whereas the expense of pavings cleaning^and lighting the said markets, greatly exceeds the rate of one /billing and fticpence in the pound of the respective rents at which the said markets Jland rated towards the land tax; be it further enacted, That the said farmers or lessees, their executors, ad min iterators, or assigns, shall from time to time, upon demand of the said of, or their principal clerk for the time being, pay into the chamber of London all such sum or sums of money as the said commi doners shall actually expend in or about the paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said markets respectively; which said sum or sums of money shall or may from time to time, in case of refusal or neglect to pay the same, be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city, in the name of the said principal clerk for the time being, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

The farmers

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be Iaw-and Ie(Tees of ful to and for the said of, from time to time, to ! markets, to compound and agree with the farmers or lessees of thedaid mar-becompound- for a certain sum of money, in lieu and Read of the sums c m to be rated and assessed by virtue of this act, the account of

which composition shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 97

XLV. And it is hereby farther enacted, That if it shall hap* How empty pen that any of the lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, within the said city and liberties, °e shall, at the time of making any of the said rates or assessments, be empty, untenacted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward where such premises shall lie, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the said ward, to rate and aifefs the said premises, at the times the said commissioner*

shall direct as aforesaid; and in such case, as well as in case the said premises shall, after the making such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, become empty, untenacted, or unoccupied, one half of every such rate or assessment shall be charged on such premises respectively, and be paid by the first tenant or occupier thereof, who shall and may, and is hereby authorised to dedud and detain the same out of his or her relit, and the landlord, or owner and owners of such premises, is and are hereby required to allow such deduction and payment, upon the receipt of the residue of his, her, or their respective rents, and the said tenant or occupier shall be, and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and for so much of his or her relit, as the rate or assessment so paid by him or her shall amount unto.

XLVI. And whereas many houses in several of the wards of the Hoofes let said city are9 by the several landlords or owners thereof let out to ?ut hi lodg-pcor tenantor in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it wiU be difficult to rate or assess the said tenants, in respect of such houses, or to receiver such rates and ajiffmentr when made, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That fronrand after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each respective ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common coundhneu of the said ward, at the times the said commissioners shall direct as aforesaid, to rate and assess, in eve- ry such rite or assessment, the owner or owners of all such houses, or tenements as shall be so let for a less relit than ten pounds per ansmm9 or occupied by two or more tenants; which rate or aflelfr meat shall be paid by the occupier oroccupiers of any such houses or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of any such houses or tenements, or of any part or parts thereof, and the occupier or occupiers of whom the same shall be demoded, is and are hereby authorised and required to pay such sum. and sums of money as shall be so rated or a defied upon the owner or owners thereof, and to dedud the same out of his, hevor their respective rents, and the landlord and landlords, or owner or owners of such.houses or tenements, is and are hereby required to allow such dedudions and pay* meats, upon the receipt of the residue of his, her, or their rents; and every such occupier paying such assessment or assessments,

shall be acquitted and discharged for so much of his, her, or their relit or rents, as the said assessment or assessments, so paid by him or her shall amount unto, as if the same had been actual-)j paid to the person or persons to whom his her or their relit shall

Anno underimo GCojigii 11L 0.29..[1770.

be due and payable \ and m default of paytnent of the said rate or rates, aflefimtDt or a/TefTraents, the £unc shall be and remain a charge upon the said pretnifes, and shall and may be recovered of and from the landlord or landlords, owner or owners thereof respectively, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record ULkVefheunftery or within the said city, to be commenced and prafccuted by the said of, in the name of their principal clerk for the time being; in which action or suit, no protection, eflom, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed* Owners of

XLVII. And whereas several manufactures % trades, occupations, houHr^c an<* nec(/ferity take up and require great room, by reafen

ir^yte reHev- whereof the persons concerned therein are obliged to pay targe rents, ed by com- and it may be a great and intolerable hardship upon such perjens to be tnifiioners. rated to the full extent of their respective rents, towards the purposes of this act; and whereas it may be reasonable to excvfe same perjens from the payment of the aforesaid rates and assessments, in the whole, or in party on account of their poverty; for relief therefore, in such cases, it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in any of the cases aforesaid, any person or persons may apply to the said of by petition, in writing, setting forth the dreutn-stances of his, her, or their cate, giving notice to the alderman of the 'ward wherein such rate or assessment shall have been made, or hit deputy; and such petition shall be taken into consideration by the said of, at their next publick meeting, of which the alderman of the ward, or has deputy, shall have special notice; and if it shall then appear to the said of, upon hearing the said petitioner or petitioners, that i the said petitioner or petitioners is or are infilled to relief, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to award the said petitioner or petitioners such relief as they the said of Oiall think just and reasonable.

XLVIII. Provided always, That if the alderman, or his deputy, or the major part of the common oouncilmen of such ward, shall think such award unjisft or unreasonable, or if the party or parties concerned shall think him, or herself, or them (elves aggrieved by such award, it shall and may be lawful to 'and for any of them to appeal from such award to the court of mayor ind iMermen of the said city, who (had finally determine whether the said petitioner or petitioners is or are intitled to any, and what relief in the premises.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enuded. Wharfs, &c. That no person or persons shall, in respect of any wharf, or of hoyo be any warehouse, vault, or cellar upon any wharf, not fronting

aiufled* gny street or lane, be rated dr afleffect, or be liable to pay more than two-thirds of the rates or assessments herein before directed to be rated and assessed on lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenements, within the (evcrul wards of the said city of London; but the alderman of the ward where any ground, which shall be claimed to be a wharf, shall lie, or a - his

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29# 99*

his deputy, and the common councihnen of such ward, or the*major part of them* shall, and they are hereby directed and impowered to conform to and pursue such determination as they shall respectively receive from the faits of, and which the said of are hereby impowered and required to' signify by their principal clerk for the time being, in writing, as to what part of the said ground ought to be deemed a wharf, within the intent and meaning hereof, and shall rate and assess* the same accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in arty-wise notwithstanding.

L. And, in order to enable the several aldermen of the said city, Books relating or their respective deputies, and also the said of, to form to the poors proper judgment of any rate or rotes mode, or to be made, in par* rates, tobe fuanu of this act, and te grant proper relief be it further enacted, examined. That the said aldertnen, or their respective deputies, and also the said commiAoBers, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, to cause any of the books of the afleffi* ment of the land tax, within the said city or liberties, and also any of the books of the assessments of the rates towards the re^ lief of the poor, within any of the parishes within the same, to be brought before them, or any of them, and to take copies of such books, or any part thereof, as they or any of them shall think fir, without fee or reward; and if any person or persons* in whose custody or power- any of the said books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said aldermen or their deputies respectively, or their said of, with such book or books, or to permit them, or any of them, to take copies thereof as aforesaid y then, and in every such case, every person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the font of forty shillings.

LI. And, for as much os it is reasonable, that all publick buildings Churches and (hospitals incepted) and all dead walls, and void /paces of ground, publick build-jheuld be rated and ajffijfed in a due proportion towards the paving, meeting-

deanftngy and lighting the said city and the liberties thereof, and the yoiVfpaces of making and altering the publick sewers, drains, and vaults, within ground, to be the same, it is hereby further efta&ed. That it shall and may bealTeffed. lawful to and for the alderman of each ward within the said city and liberties, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of such ward, and they are hereby required, at! such time as the' rares and afieffmems herein before directed ttf be made by them, by order of the of, shall, front' time to time, be made; to rate and assess towards the said purposes, all parish churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houses, and other publick buildings whatsoever, not charged to* the land tax, and all void spaces of ground, situate, lying, and being within their ward, other than, and except the cathedral church of Saint Paul in London, add the church-yards and ground within the iron fails encompassxng the said cathedral church, at such rate as the of, by writing under their hands and feats, or the hands and fails of any seven or more of them* shall order and direct, for every (querejard

XOft

r

Tenants to hospitals to be assessed.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29; [1770.

such churches* church-yards, chapels, meeting-houses, publick buildings, and void (paces of ground, not exceeding the rate of four-pence per square yard; and also to rate and assess all dead walls within their wards, towards the purposes aforesaid, at such rate as the said of shall order and di-red, in manner aforesaid, for every yard running measure of such dead walls, not exceeding the rate of sixpence per yard; such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be, from time to time, made upon any parish church, church-yard, or chapel, to be paid by their respective church or chapel wardens; and Che rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be made, from time to time, upon any meeting- house within the said city cr liberties, to be paid by the minister or deaeons, or other person usually officiating the rein: and if such church or chapel wardens, minister, deaeons, or other person, shall refuse or ciegled to pay the same upon demand; then, and in every such cate, such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall and may be recovered of and from the person or persons so required to pay the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at fVejtminster, or within the said city, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the principal clerk to the said of for the time being, in which action or suit no elToin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: and in default of payment of such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, by the minister or deacons of such meeting-house, or the person or persons officiating the rein, the same mall be and remain a charge upon such meeting-house, and shall and may be recovered by such action, bill, plaint, or information, as aforesaid, against the landlord or landlords, owner or owners thereof; and such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be from time to time made upon any publick building (not being an hospital) or upon any dead wall or void space of ground, shall be paid by the respective owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof; and in case the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such void space of ground, shall not be known, or cannot be found, then the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be thereon made, shall be advanced by the chamberlain of the city of London for the time being, out of the calli of the said city in his hands, and the said ground shall be and remain a security to the said chamberlain and his successors for repayment of all rates so to be by him advanced.

LII. Provided always, find whereas several lands % houses, Jbopsy warebmfes, cellars, vaults, or ether tenements or hereditaments % within the said city and liberties, belonging to fme of the pteblUi hospitals thereof are or may be by law exempted from being assessed towards tin land tax, in respect of the rents payable to the said bof-pitals, be it enacted, That at all times after the passing of this act, the tenants or occupiers of all such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenements and hereditaments, shall be assessed, and pay towards the purposes of this

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29;

at such rates fespectively, in the same proportion, and to the full extent as other lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenements and hereditaments, within the said city and liberties, are or shall be assessed, without any exemption or deduction ih respect of the relit or rents which is, are, or shall be payable to the said hospitals, or the governors thereof; any thing herein before contained, or any other law or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LI

LI. And whereas, before the passing of the said act of the eighth The pave-yeor of his present Majesty, the pavement then lying between the F1* belong-fen" of tieebureb-yardbelonging to the Saint

Paul, tn the said city of London, and the channels of the several Of saint Paul Jireets and ways adjoining to and surrounding the said church, con- to be assessed. tained two thousand two hundred and forty square yards, and the charges and expences of repairing, cleansing, and lighting the same, was then paid out of the inter ejl and yearly produce of the fur plus-money of certain duties on coals, granted by divers acts of parliament, and vejled in the lord archbishop of Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of the city ^London for the time being $ be it hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward of Castlebaynar'd, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council of the said ward, and they are hereby required, when, and at such times as the rates and assessments herein before directed to be made shall, from time to time, be made, to rate and assess the said cathedral church towards the paving, cleansing, and lighting the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common sewers, publick drains, and vaults within the said city and liberties, at such rate as the said alderman, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council of the said ward, shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the rate of one shilling and threepence by the year for every square yard of the said pavement now kept in repair, out of the interest of such trust- monies as aforesaid; and that such rates or assessments so to be, from time to time, made on the said cathedral cfeurch as aforesaid, shall be paid by the lord archbishop of Canterbury* lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of the said city of London for the time being, or their treasurer, or other proper officer, out of the interest and produce of the said furplps-mo-nies so vested in them, upon the trusts and for the purposes aforesaid.

LIV. And whereas it would be a great accommodation to the pub- The ground, lick, without any diminution of the grandeur or beauty of the said area, or space, cathedral church of Saint Paul, if the ground, area, or Jpace in the jp the west front thereof, now inclosed with an iron rail or fence, or same p^up8°church part thereof, was to be opened or laid into the street; be it therefore may be layed enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said into the pub* of under this act to treat and agree with the lordlick* archbishop of Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of the said city for the time being, trusteesfor the fabrjfk of the 193 said

tot Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.*<^ [1770.

fidd cathedra] church, or any two of them, and with the dean and chapter of the said cathedral church for the time being, (who are hereby severally authorised and impowered to contract with the said of accordingly,) for opening and laying into the said publick street all or any part of the said ground, area, or space, lying westward of the great steps leading up to the said church, (except that part eiKompafled with an iron rail, whereon the statue of the Jate Queen Anne is erected) and the said of are hereby authorised and impowered, by and out of the monies anting from the rates and assessaiems to be made by virtue of this act, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the said city and liberties, to make such compensation for the Tame to the said. trusteos, as shall be agreed for; and thereupon to cause the said ground, area, or (pace (exdept as before excepted) or so much thereof as shall be fa agreed for, to be opened and laid into the publick street, any law, or pre-fcriprion to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

TLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of Farringdon Ward Without, for the time being, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmenof the said ward, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to rate and assess, in every such rate and assessment as aforesaid, the several inns of court and chancery herein after named, in the several and respective sums herein after mentioned, as a composition for the repairs of the pavements which they have respectively sustained; that is to say, The Jnntr Temple, in the sum of two pounds two shillings per annum; the Middle Temple, in the sum of six pounds six shillings per annum \ Serjeants Inn in Chancery Lane in the sum of ten pounds, per annum; and also to rata and assess the several inns of chan-

eery herein after natped, in the several and respective sums herein after mentioned; that is to say. Staples Inn, in the sum of fourteen pounds per annum; Fur nival 5 Inn, in the sum of twenty pounds per annum; Bernards Inn, in the sum of six pounds per annum; Clifford's Inn, in the sum of two pounds two shillings per annum; which rates or assessments, shall be paid by the treasurer, principal, or other proper officer of the said inns of court and inns of chancery respectively; and in default of payment may be fqed for and recovered in like manner as the rates and assessments upon parish-churches, church-yards, and chapels, are herein before directed to be levied and recovered.

Streets in L

VI. And whereas there are and hereafter may be several new building, njay Jfreets and places, which are not paved, part of which are or may be be compound- ^/// aaj in building, and small pieces or parcels of ground in several of the flreqts, lanes, squares, courts, yards, alleys, passages, or pla-

ys, within the said city and liberties, unbuilt, which are neither paved, cleansed, or lighted \ and whereas it would be a means of greatly forwarding the good purposes intended by this act, if builders qr others, owners of lands or houses in such new Jireets or places, XVtre to pay such sum or sums of money towards the new-paving the same, as jj herein after deeded, to the said of; be it

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 10

therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to view and insped any such (Ireet, lane* square* yard* court* alley* passage* or place* which now is, or hereafter may be built upon or building upon; and if* upon such view* they shall be of opinion that the same* or any part or parts thereof* is* or are At and proper to be paved* the said of* at any meeting after such view* shall and may order their surveyor or surveyors* or other person or persons by them appointed for that purpose* to give notice to the owner or owners* proprietor or proprietors* lessee or lessees* of any land* ground* house* (hop* warehouse, coach-house* liable* cellar, vault, tenement* pr hereditament* in any such streer* lane, square, yard* court* alley* passage, or place* or leave the same at his* her* or their last or usual place of abode* or with his* her* or their known servant or servants* or if no such owner or owners* proprietor or proprietors* lessee or lessees* can be found, then such notice shall be duck again (I the said premises, or any conspicuous part thereof* which notice shall require such owner or owners* proprietor or proprietor* lessee or Idfoes, to meet such commissioners at the time and place there-in mentioned* not being left than fourteen days from the date of such notice* to compound for the paving thereof* at any Aim not exceeding three shillings for every square yard of such pavement, whether carriage-way or foot-way* which competition the said coronraitikmers* at their publick meeting, are hereby authorised to make; and if such owner or owners* proprietor or proprietors, lessee or lessees* shall not attend* or shall not compound or agree with the said of as aforesaid; then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, at their publick meeting* to order the same to be paved as soon as conveniently can be* and all the charges and expences attending such paving shall be paid by the respective owner or owners* proprietor or proprietors* lessee or lessees, and may be recovered by action of debt* bill* plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster* or within the said city* in the name of the principal clerk to the said cora-missioners for the time being in which action or suit no protection* essoin, or wager of aw, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

LVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Not to vacate That nothing in this act contained shall be deemed or taken to any agree-m?ke void any cootrad* covenant* or agreement* between land- "lent between lord and tenant* touching or concerning any matter or thing to*

be done or performed in pursuance of this act; and in case anytcna difjpute shall arise concerning such contract, covenant* or agreement, the said court of mayor and aldermen shall have power to hear and finally determine the same.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commission-lawful to and for the said of* from time to time* eramaycom-and at aV times hereafter* to compound and agree with any per- P', ufnd ", rh (on or personsiy against whom the said commimoners shall bring* breach

9 4 contract.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

or cause to be brought, any action or actions, suit or suits, for any penalty or forfeiture contained in any contract or contracts, hereafter to be made or entered into in pursuance of this a#, on account of any breach or nonperformance of any such con* tra# or contrails, for such sum or sums of money as they shall think proper, so as the sum so compounded and agreed for be not left than the injury or damage sustained, by the breach or nonperformance of such contract or contracts; and all costs, charges, and expences which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as such composition doth not extend to remit more than one half of the said penalty or forfeiture.

Persons refu-

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-sing ornegitc- fons, against whom complaint shall be made, to any one of the ting to attend said aldermen, touching any offence or offences to be commute forfeit s tc<* aSa*n^ act> shall neglect or refuse, after three days no-o or cios. ^|CC Upon her, or them, for that purpose, to attend

such alderman, at the time and place for which he, she, or they shall have notice to attend, every such person or persons so offending shall, upon the oath of any one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath any one of the said aldermen is hereby authorised and required to administer) forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, who shall be liable to pay any rate or assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance oi this a#, shall become a bankrupt or bankrupts, before he, she, or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the money then due and owing for such rates coming bank- and assessments, then, and in every such case, the assignee or rupts. assignees of his, her, or their estate and effc#s, or other person or persons possessing the same, shall, out of such estate and effects, after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors, his, her, or their costs of suing out and prosecuting the commission against any such bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the chamberlain of the said city of London, for the time being, all such sums of money as were due for such rates and assessments at the time of the suing out any such commission against him, her, or them respectively, or so much thereof as the said estate and effe#s will extend to pay; and the receipt of the said chamberlain shall be a good discharge.for the said money, and every assignee and affigdecs, or other person as aforesaid, may, to any action or suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in evidence the payment of the same, and shall be allowed such payment put of the estate or effe#s of such bankrupt or bankrupts, prior to any other debt or demand whatsoever, (except as before is excepted;,) and in case of nonpayment of the same, by the space of one, calendar month after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, to commence and prosecute one or more action or a#ions, suit or suits, for the same, in the name of the principal clerk of the said commission-of^foMhetimp bping? inny of fris Majesty's courts of record

Recovery of rates against any persons who shall be liable to pay the same, be-

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 105

at Westminster^ or within the said city, against such assignee or assignees, or other persons as aforesaid.

hXI. And it is hereby further enacted, that the alderman, Duplicates of or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men, rates, how to for the time being, in each ward, within the said city or liber- be made, ties, are hereby required to set down in writing, and sign two duplicates of the rat€9 and assessments, which they shall, from time to time, make by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid j in which shall be expressed the names of the collectors, who shall be appointed to collect the same, one of which duplicates shall, within ten days next after the making thereof, be deposited by the beadle of the said ward, in the office of the chamberlain of the said city of London, where the same shall remain, and every citizen of London, liable to be rated by virtue of this act, shall and may have free access thereto, at all convenient times, and be permitted to insped the same without fee or reward; and the person or persons neglecting to deposit such duplicates, in the manner or within the time aforesaid, or refuting to permit such inspection as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

LXII. And to the end that the said several rates and assessments collectors, mj be fully and compleatly raised and paid for the purposes aforesaid, how to be ap-it is hereby further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to pointed* and for the alderman, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of each ward, at the court of wardmote to be holden upon or near the feast-day of Saint Thomas the ApoJUe % for the choice of ward officers, to return to the said wardmote, the names and places of abode of a competent number of sub-fhotial inhabitants of such ward, of whom, so many as the fai4 alderman, ' or his deputy, and the major part of the said corn-men councilmen shall think fit and direct, not exceeding half the number of persons so returned, shall be chosen and appointed at the said wardmote, to be collectors of the said rates and assessments for one whole year from the said feast-day of Saint Thomas the ApoJUe to the same feast-day then next following, and so yearly* and from year to year: and the said collectors, for the time being, are hereby authorised and required, in the respective wards for which they shall be fb chosen collectors, to collect and receive, from time to time, such of the said rates, aiTeiTments, and sums of money, as shall be due and payable by virtue of this act, of and from all persons liable to pay the same; and all persons, who, by virtue of this act, shall be charged therewith, or be liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay fuel* rates or assessments, unto such respective collectors for the time being accordingly; such collectors from time to time, giving receipts for the same gratis, if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do, upon request; and every such collector, who shall be so chosen, shall, at the wardmote at which he shall be chosen as aforesaid, or within the space of twenty days then next ensuing, before the alderman of the ward Collectors to for whish he shall be so chosen collector, or his deputy, take take an oath,

' ' and

to6

The oath.

In case of refusal ox neg-left to take the office, the alderman, &c. of the ward, &c. may appoint others.

Persons not to

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

amd subscribe the following oath, or being one of the people called quakers, make and subscribe the following Memo affirmation, for the true and faithful execution of the Cud office.

I A.B. do swear (or filemnfy affirm) that I will, according to th bed of my skill and knowledge, well and truly perform and execute the office of a colie Bor, within the ward of

according to the dtfeBions and true intent of An act made in the eleventh year of the reign of bit majesty King George the Third, for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the powers granted by several acts of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and deanffng the vaults, drains, and sewers, within the city of London and liberties thereof, and for paving, cleaning, and lighting the streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, and preventing and removing obstructions and annoyances within the same.

which oath, or affirmation, shall be administered without fee or reward, by the alderman of each respective ward for the time being, or his deputy: and if any collector, chosen in pursuance of this act, shall refuse or neglect to take the said oath* or (being one of the persons called quakers) to make the said affirmation, dr to take upon himself the said office, or after having taken upon himself the said office, shall refuse or neglect to> serve and Execute the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, he shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and

Bthe sum of fifty pounds; and shall, nevertheless, continue le to be chosen into the said office again the year following, or at any other time, and shall be liable to the like penalty so often as he shall thereupon refuse or neglect to take upon him, and duly to execute the same.

LXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that when, and as often as any person shall refuse or neglect to take upon him the said office, or to execute the same, when chosen, or shall die, or remove out of the ward, in and for which be shall be so chosen and appointed, before he has finished his collection, then, and in every or any such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of such ward, for the time being, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the said ward, by appointment under their hands and seals, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper person within such ward to collect the said rates therein, or such sum or sums of money, as shall remain due or unpaid thereof; and if such other person, so appointed, shall refuse or neglect to take and subscribe the said oath (or being one of the persons called quakers) to make the said affirmation, or to serve and execute the said office, then, and in every such last mentioned case, every person so re* fusing or neglecting shall be liable to the like penalty of fifty pounds, as if he had been chosen into the said office, at the wardmote as aforesaid.

LXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29, 107,

that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed serve who m to oblige, any person or persons to serve the said office of col- by law ex-k&or, who, by the laws now in being, is, or are exempted cmPted- from serving any ward office.

LXV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, that if on refusal or the alderman of any ward of the said city, pr his deputy, and th* neglea of al-major part of the common councilmen of fuefi ward, shall, at dermen to do any time, refuse or neglect to do and perform all or any of the matters and things, which they are hereby respectively directed poweredtoexl or impowened to do or perform, within the space of fourteen days ecute the lame, next after they shall respectively be ordered or required to do or perform the same by the said commissioners, in pursuance of this act i or if any matter or thing so directed to he done or perform* ed, shall not or cannot legally be done within the said fourteen days, then, and in any such case, so often as the same shall hap*-pen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and directed, to do and perform all such matters and things, as fully and ef*

(equally as the aldermen of the respective wards, or their der puries, and the otajof part of the common council of such wards, might or could do or perform the same, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further eroded, that^ in case it shall at any time or times hereafter, happen that no appointed, collcdor or sufficient number of collectors of the rates and assess- commWBeners merits shall be chosen and appointed in any ward of this city, in toPP manner herein-before directed, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and directed, to nominate and appoint fit and able persons, being inhabitants of such ward, to collect and receive the said rates and assessments; which persons, to be nominated and appointed by the hid of, shall, and they are hereby impowered and enjoined, to collect and pay the same into the said chamber of LcndW) and to do and perform all other matters and things, which the collectors nominated and appointed by, or at the wardmote of such ward, are hereby before authorised to do or perform, and shall be subject and liable to the same penalties for negied of duty, as such last mentioned collectors are herein before made subject or liable to; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVII^And be it further enacted, that if any person or per- Time^fons shall come with any night caster carts, or begin toemp- night carte, ty any bog-house or bog-hpufe?, or to take away any night-foil See. limited9, from any house or houses within any of the streets, lanes, squares, courts, yards, alleys, passages, and places within the said city and liberties, before the hour of eleven of the clock in the night, or shall continue to take away such foil after the hour of five in the morning; or if any person or persons shall put or cast any such fed, or wilfully or negligently permit the same to run out

of

iofl

Penalty on sugar-bakers and soap-boilers throwing lime or day into the facets.

for re->g and ring anding in r fewer* rains.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.' [1770."

of any cart, cub, or pail, or otherwise into any of the said streets, lanes, squares, courts, yards, alleys, passages, or places, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any constable, beadle, or watchman, (and they, and each and every of them, is hereby required and enjoined so to do) and to and for every or any other person or persons whomsoever to apprehend the person or persons so offending, and to carry him, her, or them, to one of the compters of the said city, the keepers whereof gespectively are hereby required to take such offender or offenders into custody, and thereafter, as loon as conveniently may be, convey him, her, or them, before one or more of the aldermen of the said city, who, upon oath made of such offence or offences respectively (which oath such alderman or aldermen is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall and may commit such offender or offenders to the Bridewell of the said city, for any time not exceeding one month, nor less than ten days, there to be kept to hard labourj and the said of are hereby authorised to order any sum not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than five shillings, to be paid out of the said rates to be raised by virtue of this act, to the person or persons by.whom the said offender or offenders shall be so detected, apprehended, and conveyed, to one of the said compters.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, that if any sugar-baker, sugar-refiner, soap-boiler or soap-maker or any other person or persons, shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, any lime or (day used in his, her, or their trade, in any of the publick streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places within the said city, or liberties thereof, and suffer the same to remain for any longer time than is nec'essary for the purpose of loading or ckrting away the same; or shall deposit, or throw, or permit or suffer to be deposited or thrown, any such lime or clay in or into any of the channels within the said city or liberties; then, and in every such case, every such sugar-baker, sugar-refiner, soap-boiler, soap-roaker, or other person or persons, so offending, shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the third, and every other offence, the lum of five pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, that for defraying the expence of repairing and cleansing the publick sewers, drains, and vaults, which now are or hereafter shall be within the said city and liberties, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, by writing under their hands and seals or the hands and seals of seven or more of them, to make, lay, and aflfefs one or more rate or rates, assessment or assessments, upon all and every person and persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, poflfess, or enjoy any land* house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenements or hereditaments, within the said city or liberties, for raising such competent sum or Aims of money, as (he said commissioi>ers shall, froqa time to time, think necdfrU

J0£

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.

so as such rates or assessments do not, in any one year, exceed the sum of four-pence in the pound of the real yearly rack rents of the said lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments respectively: and the several and respective tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of all-such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, tenements or hereditaments, who shall be rated for the purpose last above, mentioned, are hereby required and authorised to pay such sum> and Turns of money as shall be rated upon him, her, or them, in respect of such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenemeots or hereditaments-rffpedlively, to such person or persons as the said of (h*U, frennkne to time, appoint to collect and receive the same, and to deduct the same out of his, her, or their relit; and the landlord or landlords, mediate and immediate, according to their respectjvj: interests, are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments, upon receipt of the residue of their rents.

LXX. And, to the end that the said last mentioned rates and af- Commissioner* fejfments may be fully rated and paid* it is hereby further enacted, to appoint that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, 1£°Uc^ors* and they -are hereby directed, from time to time, to nominate and appoint, a substantial person or persons- to collect the said. rates and assessments; and shall and may allow, unto* such-col — 'ledoror collectors such reasonable recommence or satisfaction for his or their trouble therein as to the said. com m iffipner s shall seem meet.

LXXI. And whereas there are several plates within tie said city Commissioner and liberties* which are not subject to the jurisdiction thereof*but re to repair and which the commissioners of [ewers for the said city and liberties have c\t*n(t fewer*, exerdfed the power of repairing and cleansing, the publick sewers*&c in wtaiu: vaults* and drains* and of ttffeffing the inhabitants and occupiers lands* houses* fisops* warehouses* cellars, and other hereditaments '* the city.

wards the expence thereof* in the same manner as the inhabitants of the said lily and liberties have; been assessed* be it enacted, that, from and after the passing-ofjthisad, it may be lawful to and for the said of, froit> time to time, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, at any publick meeting, to order and* direct the repairing and cleansing all and every the publick few-; ers, vaults, and drains, within the places aforesaid; when and-as often as the said of shall judge fit and necessary, and also to make such rate or rates, afleument or assessments as. aforesaid, for defraying the expences thereof, on the several ants or occupiers of lands, houses, (hops, cellars, warehouses, and other tenements, and hereditaments, within the said several places, to be in like manner deducted by and allowed to them, by their respective landlord or landlords.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, that if any sugar-baker, sugar-bakers, or sugar-refiner, soap-boiler or soap-maker, or any other person &c. not to or persons whatsoever, shall convey, throw, or cause, or permit, throw lime or suffer to be conveyed or thrown, any lime or clay used in his, 5nto the her, or their trade, into any of the publick (ewers, drains, or*n#

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

vaults, which now art, or hereafter shall be orate, within the said city and liberties, or into any publick sewer, drain, ©molt, without the said liberties, which have been, or now are, or shall hereafter be under the-management or difo&on of the fad of, every fitch sugar-baker, or sugar-refiner, soap-boiler, or soap-maker, or other person or persons so offending shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay the fam of forty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of five pounds} and for the third, and every other offence, the fora of ten-pounds; and shall also piy all such costs charges damages and expences, which the said commissioner9 shall or may be put unto for or on account of the opening, Scouring, cleansing, doting up, and paving over the fewer or fewer*, drain or drama, vault or vaults, into which the same shall be by him, her, or them conveyed or thrown into as aforesaid, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westm Jlery or within the said city, in the italrne of the principal clerk to the said commissioners for the time being, in which action or salt, no protection, eflbi«, or wager of law, or more than one importance shall be allowed.

Account to

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-be kept for (bid, that the said commUBoners (halt, and they are hereby re-

cleaning and quired' to keep a separate and distinct account of all the money

fewer* °£c. rl1^ for the purrpofea Of cleansing and Aipporting of all pot-

*lick fewer*, vaults, and drams, and the expenditure (hereof.

Impowering

LXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, that tbs coHeftprs, if any person or persons, who shall be rated or assessed by virtue to di&rain in or in purftianco of this act, shall, by the space of ten days next after his, her, or their respective rate or rates, assessment or af-P^yisent- 'ftflhients, (haN be due and demanded by the collector or collectors authorised and appointed to cdflefit and receive the same, refuse or neglect to pay the same, (such demand being either personally made to the respective person or persons lb charged, or left in-Writing at his, her, or their rtfpeAive house or houses, or place or places of abode;,) then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector or coilc&ors, every or any of them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and seal of the said of, or-any three of them, (which warrantor warrants the said collector and collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the said of, or any three of them, are hereby authorised and required to grant,) and, with the affifomce of a constable, or other peace-officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty, where the person or persons so refusing or neglecting shall reside, to enter his, her, or their house or houses, apartment or apartments, and then and there to distrain his, her, or their goods and chattels; and if the same shall not here- % plevied, or such rate or assessment paid, within five days next af-

tfer such distress made, together with the costs and charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such part of the said

Sds and chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said rare oraf-nents, with the costs and charges attending such distress and < file,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 2x1

fele, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels; the said cods and charges to be settled and allowed by the said of, or any three or more of them* who shall have granted such warrant or warrants rc-spechveJy. '

LXXV. Provided always, That no such distress shall, by Warrant of virtue of this act, be made out of the limits of the said city, and distnef* to be liberties thereof, unicf$ such warrant or warrants respectively J shall be first backed or countersigned by some magistrate of the county, city, or liberty, where such distress 19 proposed to be made, which warrant or warrants any magistrate, who shall be applied to for that purpose, shall forthwith back or countersign, without fee or reward.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any such Distress not to distress shall be made ibr any sum or sums of money to be levied be deemed by virtue of this act, the distress itfdf shall not be deemed un- unlawful for lawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a J^Jbe party* trespasser or trespassers, on account of any default or want of be deemed a form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or trespasser ah parties be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ah initio, on account*'* of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage by any adtkm on the case.

LXXVII. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs Plaintiff nec shall recover in any action for such L regularity, trespass, or other to recover if proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or tend*r ?f»-on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed, 11 or caused to be committed, any such irregularity, trespass, or, wrongful proceedings, before such adtron brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before rffue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such proceedings or orders and judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Persons ntg« such collector or collectors shall refuse or neglect to apply for ther such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, or to make such distress fnUJ^, Jnc|^ and fade pursuant to the directions, of this act, except in cases ing any war-"* where such distress shall be dispensed with by the alderman, or rant, to forfeit his deputy, and the major part of the common council men of 51* each respective ward, by writing under their hands, in respect of the poverty of the party or parties assessed, such coUcdtor or collectors shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and if any justice of the peace, upon such application to him made, to back or coumerlign such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such justice shall, for every such refiUai or neglect, forfeit and

Ill

Freemen, not paying the rates, incapable of voting at elections*

Appeal to the of allowed.

Commissioners to hear and determine complaints of inhabitants, upon any deficiency of rate, or omilHon,

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

pay the Aim of five pounds; and if any constable, being called upon by any collector or collectors, having Axch warrantor warrants, 'shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist him or them ia making such distress and fate, he shall, for every Aich offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

LXXIX. And, for the more effectual enforcing the payment of the said rates and assessments for the purposes aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted, That if any freeman of London^ liable to pay the said rates and assessments, or any re-assessments which shall and may be made in the cases herein before or after mentioned, shall have neglected or refused to pay the same, or any part thereof, after such demand as aforesaid; or if any such freeman shall, for or in respect of poverty or inability, have desired to be excused, and accordingly shall have been excused, from paying any such rate, assessment, or re-assessment; then, and in every such case, every such freeman shall be under the same incapacity of voting at elections within the city of London, as any person or persons now is or are who, do not pay their foot and lot to any of the yearly rates and assessments, to which the citizens of London are at this time, or shall hereafter become liable.

LXXX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any person or persons who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this as, may, within the space of thirty days next after such rate and assessment shall have been demanded as aforesaid, appeal to the said of, and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing such appeal, and the party or parties so appealing shall give three days notice at the least of the day so appointed, to the alderman of the ward in which the said assessment shall have been made, or to his deputy; and such notice having been given, ! the said of shall and may, upon the day so appointed, proceed to hear and determine such appeal, and their determination shall be Ana), and no fees shall be paid on the making, hearing, or determining of such appeal.

LXXXI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if the alderman of any ward within the said city of London, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the said ward, shall, at any time or times hereafter, in any rates or assessments by them to be made by virtue and in pursuance of this act, neglect or omit to rate or assess any person or persons liable to such rates or assessments, or shall neg-k& or omit to rate or assess any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the inhabitants or occupiers thereof, within their ward, in proportion to the yearly relit of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, as the same shall be ascertained and rated in the rate or assessment towards the land tax; then, and in every such case, upon complaint thereof made by any in* habitant of the said city to the said of, they are here* by authorised and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. ig. 113

ing such complaint, and the party or parties complaining shall give three days notice at the least of the day so appointed, to the alderman of the ward to which such complaint shall relate, or to his deputy; and such notice having been given, the said of shall and may proceed to hear and determine such complaint, and for that purpose shall and may summon witnesses before them, and examine such witnesses upon oath, (which oath the said of are hereby authorised and impowered to administer;,) and if the said of shall judge the matter of such complaint to be true, they shall make such alterations in the said rate or assessment as shall be just.

LXXXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every col- The money lector of the rates and assessments for the purposes of paving, collated to be cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, and for tnak- ^berij's ing, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing ^ce. er*9 the common (ewers, publick drains, and vaults within the same,

shall, from time to time, pay the monies arising therefrom, as he shall receive the same, to the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being; and, upon every such payment, the said chamberlain, or one of his clerks, shall, without fee or re* ward, sign and give receipts in writing to such collector, exprefT-ing his name, the sum paid, and the name of the ward to which the said collector shall belong; and if such collector shall, at any time, keep and retain in his hands, of the monies so to be collected by Aim, the sum of twenty pounds or upwards, above two dajrs, (the chamber of London being within that time open to receive the same); then, and so osten, such collector shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings for every day he shall retain the said sum of twenty pounds or upwards, beyond the said two days.

LXXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Collecton to aforesaid, That every collector to be appointed by virtue or in deliver inn pursuance of this act, to collect the rates and assessments for the ^ting under paving, cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, and tb€ir bands, for making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing the common sewers, publick drains, and vaults within the lame, shall, upon three days notice, in writing, given to or left for him, at his usual place of abode, by the alderman of the ward to which such collector shall belong, or his deputy, attend the said alderman, or his deputy, at such time and place, within their ward, as he shall appoint, or upon notice in writing to be given or left as aforesaid by the clerk to the said of, shall attend the said of at such place as they shall appoint in such notice, and then and there, if required, deliver to such alderman, or his deputy, or to the said of, upon oath, (or if such collector be a quaker, then upon his solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation such al- 1 derman, or deputy, is, or the said of are hereby impowered to administer), a true, exact, and perfect account, in writing, under the hand of such collector, of all films of money which he shall then have received by {eafon of the said

Anno undecimo Georgii III. C/59J [1770.

office; and also a true lift of the names of all persons within his ward who shall have refused or neglected to pay his, her, or their said rates or assessments, with a true account of the several sums bf money which such persons shall respectively be in arrear, to to the intent that the same may be speedily got in and recovered: and if any collect|or, after such respective notices given as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to attend or deliver in his accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver in the vouchers relating to the same, or to account for any sum or sums of money by him Collected or received, and to pay the same, and every part thereof, as is herein above directea; then, and in every such case, such collector shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay such sum of money as the rates and assessments jwhich he shall have been intruded or authorised to collect, shall amount unto, after deducing the amount of the sum or sums by him adtuilly paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being; which forfeiture shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts t>f record, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the principal clerk of the said of for the time being; in which action or suit such collector shall be held to special bail, and no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, tonecton re-

LXXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted fusing to ac-" and declared, That if any collector or collectors of any of the count, the said rates and assessments shall have, in his or their hands, any same to be le- of the say rates or assessments, collected by him or them, and and f^ed strefS refuse to account for and pay the same as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace for the said city, by warrant under his hana and feat, to cause such collector or collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a Summary way; and if upon the confession of such collector or collectors, or the testitnony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to him that any of the monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this act shall then be in the hands of such collector or collectors, and that he or they refuseth or refuse to pay the same according to the true intent and meaning of this acte, the said justice is hereby authorised and required, by a warrant or warrants under his hand and sea), to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and* chattels of such collector or collectors respectively; and if no goods or chattels of such collector or collectors can be found, Sufficient to answer and farisfy the said money and the charges of such distress and sale, theft the said justice may and shall commit such collector or collectors to one of the compters of the said city, there to be detained and kept, without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall pay the same, or such cOmposition as the said of shall agree to accept in full, which composition such of are hereby impowered to make.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29/ 11$

LXXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That every fcol- Commission-kdor to be appointed) by virtue or in pursuance of this act* to ^on^Texa* Collect the rates and assessments for the purposes of paving, mjne coiiea- cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, and for mak- ors, upon ing, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering) and removing ?ath, touch-the common (ewers, publick drains, and vaults within the same, JjJfj"

Hull, upon three days notice, in writing, given to or left for him \c^ of duty* at his ufml place of abode, by the clerk of the said of, attend the said of at such time and place as shall be appointed in such notice, and then and there, if required, attfwer upon oath (or if such collector shall be a quaker, then

upon his fblemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation such of, or any two of them, are hereby impowered to wdminifteff) touching any neglect of duty* or other matters of complaint against him; and if any such collector shall refuse of neglect to attend on such notice as aforesaid, it shall add may be lawful to and for the fstid of, and they are thereby authorised and required, by warrant under their hands and seals, of the hands and seals of any three or more of them, to cause such collector to be brought before them, and to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a summary way; and if such tolle&or shall not shew good cause of excuse, to the satisfactiod of the said of) for his neglecting or refuting to attend on fitch notice as aforesaid, he shall) for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit and pay the sum of forty (hilings, to be levied say distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such collector; and if no goods and chattds of such collector can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the same and the charges of such distress and sale, then the said of, by their warrant as aforesaid, may and shall commit such collector to any of the compter* of the said city, there to be detained and kept for any time not longer than one month, nor less than fourteen days.

LXXXVL. And it is hereby farther enacted, That if any col- In case 6f collector or collectors, appointed in pursuance of this act, t6 col- jcCtorcbeco-7edt the said rates and assessments shall happen to die, or become cutoi^o?^ bankrupt, before he or they shall have fully paid and Satisfied assigneesto all the money by him or them received, by virtue of this act; or pay the moJ such composition for the same as aforesaid; then, and in every u*y» such case, the executors or administrators, executrix or administratrix, or other legal representative or representatives of such coHedor or collectors, or other person or persons possessing his or their estate and effects, shall, in the first place, out of such estate and effects, pay unto the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being) all such Turns of money as were ini the bands of such collector or collectors, at the time of his or their death; and the assignee or assignees of his or their estate and effects, in case of bankruptcy, shall) after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors, his, her, or their costs of suing out and prosecuting the commission against such bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the said chamberlain all such sums of money as were in the hands of such collector or

if collector* or receivers become insolvent >&c. the money to be

i io Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

collectors, at the time of the filing out of any such commission of bankruptcy against him or them, or io much thereof as the said estate or effects will extend to pay, and the receipt of the said chamberlain shall be a good discharge for the said money j and every executor and administrator, assignee or assignees, or other person as aforesaid, may, to any action or suit, commenced and brought against him br them, plead, or give in evidence the payment of the same, and shall be allowed such payment out of the estate and effects of such collector or collectors, prior to any other debt or demand whatsoever; and in case of nonpayment of the same, by the space of one month after the same shall be demanded, it mall and may be lawful to and for the said of to commence and prosecute one or more action or actions for the same, in the name of the principal clerk of the said cotiimissioners for the time being, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, against such executors or administrators, assignee or assignees, or other person as aforesaid.

LXXXVII. And to the intent that subjlamial persons may be chosen and appointed collectors in each ward, it is hereby further enacted, That in case any such collector or receiver shall become^w _ insolvent, or shall embezzle, or make away with, detain, or again afltfled. misapply any sum or sums of money, so collected by him, io that the same cannot be recovered, or shall die possessed of any such sum or sums of money, and the same shall not be paid by his executors or administrators; then, and in every such case, such sum and sums of money shall be again rated and assessed on the inhabitants of the ward, for which such person was chosen and appointed collector, by the alderman of such ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common councilmen of the said ward, in such proportion and manner as the said rates are directed to be made by this act, and shall be collected, and levied in such manner, and under such penalty as are herein provided for collecting and levying the said original rate and assessment.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, obstruct, hinder, or molest any of the said of, or any fijrveyor or surveyors, or other officer or officers, workmen, person or persons whomsoever, who shall be employed by virtue of this act, in the performance or execution of their duty, every such person so offending, shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five shillings; for the second, the sum of twenty millings; and for the third, and every other offence the sum of five pounds.

LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being, shall and and is hereby authorised and required, out of the monies

Penalty on

interrupting

workmen.

Chamberlain to pay all sums of mo-

ma\

xiey "by order collected and paid into the chamber of the said city, pursuant to of the com- this act, to pay all sums of money which the said commission-miUioners, ers shall, from time to time draw upon him for, or order, him to pay; and the said chamberlain for the time being shall, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear entries, in a book

and to make entries.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 117

or books to be for that purpose by him provided and kept, of

ail and singular his receipts and payments, on account or in

+pursuance of this act, to which book or books every citizen of London, liable to the said rates, shall and may have free access, at all convenient times, with full liberty to inspect the same,

without flee or reward; and also that the said chamberlain for the time being shall, once in every year, have the said accounts

+audited and passed by the said of, and shall deliver copies of the said accounts to each house of parliament, within twenty days after the opening of every session.

XC. And for the more effectually enabling the said of Commission-lo execute the purposes of this act, in the most expeditious manner, it era impower-is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful forcdtobo"°^ the said of, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when they shall judge it necessary for the purposes the rates, of paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said city and liberties, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, the compion sewers, publick drains, and vaults within the same, to borrow and take up at interest any sum or sums of money, not exceeding forty thousand pounds, upon the credit of the fates or assessments to be made and payable for the said purposes, by virtue of this act, and by any writing or writings, upon vellum or parchment, signed by them, to assign the n

laid rates or assessments to any such person or persons who shall advance or lend such money thereon, as a security or securities for the several sums so borrowed, with legal or lower interest for the same, which interest shall be payable and paid half-yearly by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to arise by or from the said rates or assessments.

XCI. And whereas many persons may chuse to advance money for Money by an-the purchase 0/annuities, to be secured upon and payable out of the nuitie* on said rates and assessments, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, to contribute, advance,nd pay into the hands of the said of, for the purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, and of making, enlarging, widening, altering, and removing the common sewers, publick drains, and vaults within the same, any sum or sums of money; not exceeding in the whole the sum of sixty thousand pounds, over and a* bove all such sums as have been already borrowed for the purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, for the natural life of such persons, being of the age of forty-five years, or upwards, as shall be nominated by or on behalf of such respective contributors, at the time of payment of their respective contribution-monies; which annuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds, or for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities for the natural life of such person, being of the age of sixty years or upwards, as shall be! so nominated, which last annuity or annuities shall not exceed

|i8 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds; all which annuities, so to be purchased, shall be payable and paid by the said chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to arise by or from the uid rates and assessments, by four equal quarterly payments, the first payment to be made to the respective purchasers, or their assigns, at the expiration of the first quarter after payment of their respective purchase-monies, the rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a publick sale of the said annuities, by the said commissioners, to the best bidder for the (ante,

If annuitants XClIf Provided always, and it is hereby further tracted, die any per- That when and as often as any of the persons for whose lives c^VannuU* any annuities have been purchased by virtue of or under any of ties for their the said recited acts, or for whose lives any annuities (half or fives. may be purchased say virtue of or under this prefect alt, shall happen to die, it mall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to (ell and grapt one or more annuity or annuities for the lives of other nominees, upon the terms aforesaid, so that the whole of the monies paid for the purchase of foci* annuities, then actually existing, doth not exceed the sum of one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not-vjfithstanding.

Clerk to en- XCIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the clerk of ter all fccuri- the said of for the time being, shall enter in a book

{>orrowed°"or*or>00^cs» to^t*iat PurP°k provided and kept by the said annuities' ° of, all securities for money borrowed, or annuities granted. granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, and all alignments or transfers thereof, expressing, in words at length, the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of all such persons as shall, from time to time, be iotit-led to such securities, and the sums received upon such iecuri* tics? and also the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions of the persons for whose lives the said annuities shall be respectively granted, and the days whereon the said annuities shall respectively be payable; to which book and books the person and persons intitled to and possessed of such annuities, and all and every the person and persons liable to the payment of the said rates and assessments, (nail, at all seasonable times, have access, with free liberty to insped the same without fee or reward.

Anntritits shall

XCIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every nor be liable person and persons, who shall purchase such annuity or annuities, and shall duly pay the purchase-monies for the same, at

the rates aforesaid, and his, her, or their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy the respective annuity or annuities so purchased, during the term of the natural life or lives of the person or persons by them respectively nominated at the time of such purchase, and shall have; ood, fare, absolute, and indefeasible estates and interests in the lid annuities respectively, according to the true tenor and

so taxes.

P

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. 119

meaning of this zA; and that none of the said annuities shall be subject or liable to any tax assessed upon land by authority of parliament j and every such purchaser shall, upon payment of his or her purchase-money as aforesaid, have an order on parch* mem or vellum for payment of the annuity or annuities so purchased by him or her, for and during the natural life or lives of such person or persons as shall be nominated by him or her as aforesaid, which order shall be signed by the said of; and after signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the purport and meaning thereof, and of this act.

XCV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and Securities may may be lawful to and for any person or persons, intitled to any be aligned, of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, at any time or rimes by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands respectively, to assign or transfer such securities, by indorsement on the back thereof, to any person or persons whatsoever, and so lotus quotits; and such alignments or transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by tbs clerk of the said of in manner aforesaid, (which he is hereby required to do without fee or reward) shall intitle the person or persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the security or securities so alligned of transferred.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Felony In case ions whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged any person or counterfeited, or wilfully zA or assist in forging or counter- forilforge.&c. feiting any assignment of aily such annuity as aforesaid, or any certificate of the age, or of the life of any nominee, or any or- Cate, &c. of der or authority, in writing, to receive any annuity due, or to all annuitants. grow due, to any proprietor thereof, or any part thereof 5 or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive any such annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, by virtue of any forged or counterfeited assignment, letter of attorney, certificate, instrument, order, or authority, in writing; or shall falsety and deceitfoly personate any true andreal proprietor or proprietors of any such annuity or annuities, or the assignee of aqy such proprietor or proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the money of any such true and lawful proprietor or assignee, as if such offender were the true and lawful owner thereof; then, and in every and any of the said cases, all and every such person and persons, so offending, and being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

XCVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Annuities to the finn and sums of money so to be advanced and lent, and the be paid interest thereof, and all and every the annuity and annuities, so °ut of money purchased, and to be purchased, shall be, and they are hereby on-

charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from -time to.

Pi pm

tr to be assessed.

120 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

time, out of the monies arising from the rates and assessments, to be rated and assessed by virtue of this act, for the purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, the common sewers, publick drains, and vaults within the same; and all the persons who shall be so possessed of such securities, shall be creditors in equal degree, without preference in respect of the priority of (us, her, or their advancing the money thereon.

XCVIII. And whereas certain parts of Holborn, the Minories, &c. out of* cn* Aldersgate Street, are supposed to be out of the liberties of the the liberties said city {/'London, by means whereof the pavements of the Jevoral of the said ci- freets and places within the same respectively cannot be compleatly finished by the powers hereby vested in the said of; where-forey for the better and more speedy completion of the same, be it enacted, That the several powers and authorities hereby vested in the said commissioners, and all the provisions and regulations herein before established, declared, and provided, for the purposes of paving, cleansing, apd lighting the said city and the liberties thereof, and of making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing, all qr any the said publick sewers, drains, and vaults, within the same, mall respectively extend, and shall be in force, and in all respects be executed by the said commissioners, within such parts of Holborn, the Minories, and Aldersgate Street, as are, or arc supposed to be, out of the liberties of the said city of London, and the courts and alleys leading into the same, or communicating therewith; and the inhabitants of the several parts and places aforesaid shall be rated and assessed according to the provisions herein before made, by the alderman of the ward next adjoining to the same respectively, or by his deputy, with the major part of his common councilmen; and such rates shall be recovered in manner herein before directed, any law, Statute, custoip, usage, or prefer\ption to the cpn-trary notwithstanding.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this act contained, with regard to paving, cleaning, and lighting, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the liberty of St. Martin U Grandy belonging to the dean and chapter of Westminster; any thing in this act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

C. And be it further enacted, That the said commiQioners given to com* shall and may, at all times hereafter, exercise and put in practicp missioners, as an(j every the powers and authorities given to and vested in any commissioners of sewers, in any other county or place, by force and virtue of any of the laws and ftstfutes or this kingdom, or of any commission to them granted pursuant to the same* CI. Andy to the end and intent that the useful purposes of this ail may be the better and more speedily carried into execution, and for and towards increasing the fund for defraying the charges of pavtngy cleansing, and lighting the said city and Uberties, and of making,

hi iiimuvu* 3-1 r 0

ed, before an v widening^ deepening alttrmgy and ctmmm Jtwtr\y

pifbluk

[Proviso.]

Same powers

to commissioners of counties.

A toll to be taken at the several turnpikes hereafter mention-

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.*

putlick drains, and vaults, within the same, it is hereby further cattle or car-

enacted, That upon and after the first Sunday next after the na8* passing of this act, there shall be paid to the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, to be nominated and appointed as Sunday, herein after mentioned, before any cattle or carriage shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the turnpikes herein after mentioned, or through any turnpike to be erected by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament near the same, (videlicet) the turnpike at Mile-Ethe turnpike at Bethnal-green, the turnpike at, the turnpike at

Kingstand, the turnpike at Ball's Pound, or, the

turnpike at Holloway, the turnpike at the end of Saint John's Street, the turnpike at the end of Goswell, and the turnpike on the new road, commonly called City Road, all which turnpikes are in the county of Middlesex, j the following tolls,

(videlicet)

The tolls,

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by six or more horses, or mules, the sum of ten-pence.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by four horses, or mules, the sum of eight-pence.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by three or two horses, or mules, the sum of six-pence.

For every chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by one horse, or mule, the sum of three-pence.

And for every horse, mule, or ass not drawing, the sum of one penny.

Which said respective Turns of money shall and may be demand- The Wd tolls ed and taken for and in the name of a street-toll, over and a- ^bo^and 2x-bove and exclusive of all other tolls, which are or shall be au- dufive of all' thorised to be taken and collected, upon or on account of the other tolls, said roads, or any of them, and the monies arising therefrom shall be and are hereby vested in the said mayor and commonal- Tolls veiled ty, and citizens, and shall bedisposed of for the purposes of pav- in the mayor ing, cleansing, and lighting the said city and liberties, and of*J* con\mo-_ making, enlarging, widening, deepening, altering, and removing UU

the common sewers, publick drains and vaults within the same:

and the said of are hereby impowered by themselves, to be levied or by any person or persons by them thereto authorised, to levy by distrets the toll hereby required to be paid, upon any person or persons and side-who shall, after demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any passage through the said turnpikes respectively, until payment thereof { which said toil shall and may be levied by distress of any horse or horses, or other cattle, upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon any of the goods and chattels of such person or persons who ought to pay the same; and all such horses, cattle, or gpods, may be detained until such toll, with the reasonable

iaa Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.ip.

[1770.

charges of such distrcfe shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons so distraiaing, after the space of four days from the time of making and taking such distress, to fell the horse or horses, cattle, goods, or chattels, so distrained, rendering the owner or owners thereof the overplus upon demand, after satisfaction of the said to]), and the reasonable charges in and about making such distress, keeping, and Tale, shall be fully paid and satished.

CII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-eri may erect said. That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, turnpikes, &c. jf they shall think proper, at any time or time during the continuance of this act, to cause to be erected any turnpike or turnpikes, at or near all or any of the respective places afore-mentioned, for the purposes of collecting the several and respective tolls hereby made payable, and also cause to be erected or provided a toll-house at or near each turnpike, and, from time to time, to remove or alter the same as they the said comtnifiton-ers shall think expedient» and the right and property of all the TampiVn, turnpikes and tolUhouses, to be from rime to time erected and the mayor and ProvKkd by virtue of this act, and the right and property of the commonalty materials provided for building or repairing the same, shall be, and and citizens, are hereby vested in the mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and they are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions^ in the name of the corporation, and to prefer, or order the preferring of indictments against any person or persons who shall injure the same, or any part thereof, or disturb them in the potieftion thereof, or take or retain, or hold possession thereof, after being required by prder of the commit* Sorters to deliver up the same.

To!]* may be CIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and collected at declared, That it shall and may be lawful For the several and rc-atpeady1 exeS- receivers or collectors, and other person^ to be appoint-

ed. y " ed by virtue of this act, to receive and collect the several tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby authorised and impowered, for the pmposes of this act, without the let, hinder-ance, or molestation of any person or persons whatsoever, to make use of all or any of the gates, turnpikes, and toft-houses, already erested, or hereafter to be erected or continued, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament, at or near the several and respective (daces whereat any toll is hereby authorised to be taken, so as such respective receivers, collectors, or other persons, do in no-wife hinder or interrupt the transacting of any business or purpose for which such turnpikes and toll-houses were rftpeftive-ly erected or provided.

Tolls to be CIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That paid but once no person or persons, shall be liable to pay the said street-toll*more than once for passing or re-passing at any time or times on the same day as aforesaid, with the same cattle and carriage, but that all and every person and persons, after having paid such toll once as aforesaid, shall, during the remainder of such day, pass toll-free, with rcljpeft tq the said street-toll, with the same cattle

a.and

i*

Distrefe may be sold after four days.

CommissioR-

\710, 1 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 39. 133

and carnages, through the gate or turnpike at which any such

toll was paid, and also through all other gates and turnpikes

whereat the said tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing

a note or ticket, denoting the payment of such toll; which notes

or tickets the coUedor of the said toBs are hereby required to

give gratis, on receipt of such tolls.

CV. And it is hereby further enacted, that the said comtnif- Commission-sioners may, and they are hereby impowered, upon or ten days era may lease, notice being given in the Lotuhm Gazette, to lease, or farm by &c. the toils, the year, the tolls by this act granted, or any part or parts thereof, to any person or persons, at, or for the largest yearly sums that can be got for the lame; provided that such lettings or a-greemeots be made in writing, and signed by the person or persons taking or fanning any such tolls, and by the said of letting the same, and be not made for more than three yean at a time; and that foe money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said tolls, shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the chamberlain of the said city 'for the time being, by quarter* ly payments; and that the person or persons to whom the same shall be folett, shall always pay one quarter's pay in advance; and if any letting or agreement for letting the said tolls, or aay part or pats thereof, shall be made, and any default shall be made in paying die money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true meaning of this act; then, every such letting and agreement shall be void, and the person or persons to whom the said tolls shall be let Dull be liable to account for the same, and to have the same levied and recovered upon and of him or them, in the same manner as is by this act directed for the accounting for foe said tolls by the collegers thereof, and for the levying and recovering the same upon and of them.

CVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may r __________

be lawful, to and for the said of, at any time or mly ap_"

times, by any writing or writings under their hands and seals, point officers.

to noaoinate and appoint such person or persons, to be receiver or receivers, coUedor or collectors of the said respective tolls,

as they Stall think fit; and all persons by this act made liable

to pay the said tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay

the same to such receiver or receivers, coUedor or collectors as

aforesaid; and all such receivers and collectors, shall respective-

ly pay the same into the office of the chamberlain of the said

city, in like manner, and under the like regulations and re-

foidions, as are herein before expressed, of and concerning the

collecting and paying the rates and assessments aforesaid; and shall also upon oath, if thereunto required by the said commis-

jioners constituted by this act, (which oath the said commission-

trs are hereby authorised and impowered to administer) from

time to time give unto the said of, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, a true,

exact, and perfect account, in writing, under their respective

hands, of all monies which they, and every or any of them,

shall to such time have received, by virtue of this act; and if

m

Justices to in* quire into the default,

and commit the offender until payment or composition be made.

Commissioner» to allow officers salaries.

For farming the toll*.

Tolls may be assigned for money borrowed.

Alignments to be entered in a book.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

such receiver or collector shall not make and render, or shall fcfufe to verify upon oath any such account, or to make payment as aforesaid; then, or in either of such cases, it shall be lawful to or for one or more justice or jqfticcs of the peace, and such justice or justices, upon complaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorised and required, to make enquiry concerning such default, as well by confession of the party as by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath, (which oath fuen justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, without fee or reward;,) and if any such receiver or collector shall be convicted of any or either of the offences aforesaid, such justice or justices shall commit every such offender to the common county gaol, without bail or mainprise, until he shall give or make a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said of constituted by this act, and shall have paid such composition, in such manner as they shall appoint, which composition the said of are hereby impowered to make; and the said of shall and may, out of the monies arising by the said tolls, or otherwise, make such allowance unto their receivers and collectors, and all other persons to be employed by or under the said of, in the execution of this act, for their care and pains in their respective offices, as the said of shall think fitnd reasonable.

CVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may b? lawful to and for the of of any one of the said turnpikes for the time being, or for any three or more of the commissioners of each of the said turnpikes, at any of their publick meetings, to treat and agree with the of constituted by this act* for the taking or fanning any of the said tolls.

CVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said commissioners, at any publick meeting, may, and they are hereby impowered to borrow, and take up at interest, any turn or Turns of money, upon the credit of the tolls payable by virtue of this act, and to assign over the same, or any part thereof, by any writing or writings, under their hands and seals, or under the hands and seals of any seven or more of them, the charges of such alignments and conveyances to be paid out of such tolls respectively, to any person or persons who shall advance or lend their money thereon, as a security or securities, for the several sums which shall be borrowed, and the interest thereof, as aforesaid: and copies of all such alignments and conveyances shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, by the clerk for the time being of the said of; and all and every person and persons, to whom such assignments shall be made, are hereby impowered, from time to time, to assign and transfer their right and interest, by indorsement on the back of their securities, in like manner and form as the securities for the monies borrowed on the rates and assessments,

to

i*5

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29;

to be made and levied by virtue of this act, are before directed to be aligned and transferred$ and all such assignments and transfers shall be produced, notified, and entered in like manner as is before described, with respect to the producing, notification, and entry of the assignments and transfers of the fe^ curities for such rates and assessments; and it shall not be in the power of any person who shall have made any alignment or transfer of their securities on the said tolls to make void or dif- All creditors charge the same, or any money due thereon; and no person or deemed equal persons advancing any sums of money on the credit of the said in degree, tolls, shall be intitled to any preference with respect to the priority of advancing any such sum or sums, but all persons to whom any mortgages or assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be creditors in equal degree, one with another, in proportion to the sums therein mentioned.

CIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person Penalty on or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, forc*Wy P*f&t ' bead, or carriage through any turnpike whereat any toll is, by virtue of this act, to be paid, without paying such toll, or pro* or giving or ducing a note or ticket as aforesaid, at such turnpike; or shall receiving knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obstruct any ort, cket*» &c. either of the collectors or persons employed in the collecting or ment of the" receiving any or either of the said tolls, in the execution of his tolls, or their respective office or offices, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from any other personi or persons, any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any or either of the said tolls, or any part thereof, every person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings, over and beGdes such damages and punishments as they and every of them respectively shall be liable to by law; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said receivers or collectors, and for every of them, and all other persons required by them, to assist in that respect to feite any horse or horses, cattle or goods, belonging to, or in the possession, or under the care of any person or persons so offending in the premisses, and to take such offenders before any justice of the peace, and before him to make complaint of such offence or offencesj and such justice may and is hereby required to enquire into the lame, as well by examination of the party or parties, as by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath, (which oath such justice is hereby impowered to administer without fee or reward ;,) and if the said justice shall fee cause, to convict the party or parties complained of in the penalty aforesaid, and for nonpayment thereof, and of the tolls that shall be due (though the same shall not be demanded) by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said horse or horses, cattle or goods, to be sold for payment of the said tolls and penalties, and the charges of seizing and keeping the same, and of such sale, rendering the overplus, if any there shall be, to the owner or owners of the said horse or horses, cattle orv goods, or to the person or persons under whose care or in, whose*

126

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1770.

whole possession they relpedirelf were when fb at afore, laid; and if no such seizure as aforesaid can or shall be nude, then the aforesaid penalty and tolls shall be levied and recovered by such means, and applied in such manner, at herein after mentioned.

Person* af- CX. And moreover* it shall and may bfc lawful for any of faulting, See. the colle&ars of the rates and tolls hereby granted. Or other of the collectors ficer to be appointed by virtue of this act, who Quadi be aflaaJt-thelr£j, m* ed, obstructed, or interrupted in the execution of any of their takTthem'be- resp^»v* offices, and for every of them, and all other personi ton a justice of required by them to assist in that respect, to take such offender the peace. before any justice of the peace, who is hereby required to enquire into the same in manner as above directed; and if he shall see cause, to convict the party or parties complained of in the penalty last mentioned, to be levied and recovered as hereafter directed.

Money nifed CXI. And it is hereby further enacted, Thai all the monks by this act to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be, and the same are here* vetted in the by vetted in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the ansyor, arc. crtyf and shall be applied to the purposes of this act, and to and for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

Writings to CXII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That be without no nomination, con trad, bond, warrant, judgement, or other writing whatsoever, under the hand and seal, or hands and fcals, or only signed by any commissioner or commissioners, anftito* ted by this act, or any justice or justices of the peace, or eshi* bited before any of them, or under the hand and seal, or hands and (cals, or only signed by any other person or persons whatsoever, relating to the execution of this act, shall be chargeable with any duty whatsoever.

For limiting CXIII. Judwhereas if he very end bentfidd a

the number the publick, if the number of hackney coaches which are to

ofcwlches* f* ^}*rt*certain\fireettor place* within the food and liberties, were, in'same infantes, to he limited, and their difames oti a

the other, when so plying, were to be regulated and settled, mi t proper rtgifier of the plates of abode of the several owners of such coaches was to he kept at the office of the commissionert under this aO, at the Guildhall in the fad city; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the number of coaches to (land and ply for hire, between the end of Freeman's Court in Corubill and the end of Cornbill eastward, in the said city, shall be no more than ten at any one time; dnd from the end of Bucklerjburyto the end of Chtapfide, no mure than

five, and not to approach or continue nearer the one to the o* ther than twenty feet; and that all and every other coach, (land, ing or plying for hire in any other street or place within the (ad city and liberties, shall so (land or ply, except where the (landing shall be against any dead wall, at the space or distance of eight feet at the lead from each other $ and that all and ever}' coach or eoaehes, plying or Handing for hire within the said city and liberties, shall give way to, and make room for all waggons,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. C.tgi iaf

drays, carts, and other carriages, to pass or repass along or a-cross any of the said streets and places, upon pain that the owner or driver of every hackney coach, which shall stand or ply for hire in any of the said'places where the number of hackney coaches is hereby limited, after the number of coaches so respectively limited shall be (landing or plying the rein, or shall stand or ply for hire nearer to any other hackney coach than it hereby directed, or shall not, upon demand, from time to time* give way, and make sufficient room for such other carriage to pass or repass as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fmn of twenty shillings; to be recovered and levied by such ways and methods as by the several acts of parliament now in force concerning hackney coaches, or any of them* as all or any of the penalties and forfeitures incurred by hackney coachmen, may be now recovered and levied.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, that within seven days af-places of a* ter the owner of every hackney coach shall be licensed by the bode of hack-commissioners appointed for licensing and regulating hackney ncLcoaC|J2f, coaches and chairs, every such owner shall leave at the office of^reg"*er-the said commissioners under this act, at the Guildhall aforesaid, with the principal clerk, or the assistant clerk, to the said of, a true account in writing of his, her, or their place or places of abode, with the figure or number of each coach; and the several owners of hackney coaches already licensed by the said commissioners, shall, within sixty days after passing of this act, leave the like true account in writing of their respective places of abode, figures and numbers, at the aforesaid office, with the said principal clerk, or clerk-assistant, and so from time to time, every licensed hackney coachman shall, within (even days after his place of abode shall be changed, give the like account at the said office, upon pain that the owner or owners of every such hackney coach shall, upon every refusal or neglect so to do, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

CXV. Provided always, that the said justice or justices may, pmvj(k and they are hereby impowered, at his or their discretion, to mitigate or compound any of the said forfeitures or penalties to or for any lesser sum, not less than one half thereof.

CXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, that in every case offenders not where any person shall, either upon his or her own consession, paying penal* or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, be ties to be com* convicted before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the said city, or of the place where such person shall be found, of any offence by him or her committed against this act, for which offence any forfeiture or penalty is or are hereby enacted, the manner of recovering whereof is not hereby particularly directed, (which oathduch justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer,) it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices, and he and they are hereby authorised and directed, upon the said party's refusal or neglect to pay down such forfeiture or penalty, immediately to commit him or them to one of the compters of the said city, for any time not exceeding

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 2<j.

[1770.

ing one month, and not less than fourteen days, unless the said forfeiture or penalty shall be Tooner paid; and all and every the forfeitures and penalties, to be recovered by virtue of this act, shall be paid into the chamber of the said city, and applied to some of the purposes to which any of the rates or assessments, to be raised by virtue hereof, are hereby directed to be applied. Proceeding! CXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, that no proceeding to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offen-wit of form. aga*n^ this act, or any order made, or other matter or

thing to be done or transacted* in or relating to the execution of this act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form j any law or (iatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation of CXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that no action or aoion« suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, until twenty-one clear days notice shall be thereof given in writing to the clerk for the time being of the of constituted by this act, or after sufficient satisfaction, or tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after six calendar months next after the fad committed, for which such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be so brought; and every such action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the city or county where the cause of action. shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the defendant or defendants* in such actions or suits, and every of them, may plead General ifflie. the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial or trials which shall be bad thereupon} and that the matter or thing for which such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such action or suit was brought before twenty-one clear days notice given as aforesaid, or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or actions, suit or suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of such action or actions, or if judgement shall be given for the defend-, ant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cases afore-Treble cost*. said, such defendant or defendants shall have trebljt costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the lame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cods, in any other cases by law.

Ad S* Geo. 3. CXIX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, that repealed* immediately after the several authorities, powers, and provisions herein before given or granted, eflablUhed, declared, and provided, shall commence and take effect respectively, for the purposes of paving, cleansing, and lighting the said city, and the liberties thereof, and the other purposes of this act, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof, the said act made in the

eighth

2gt

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 29.

eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and for repealing an act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, for those purposes, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed.

CXX. Provided a)so, and it is hereby further enacted and de- Rates under dared, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be con- former acts strued to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the rates DO[.* or assessments made or charged by virtue or in pursuance of any nttUcd* such former act or acts of parliament, which were due and payable, or in arrear, on the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, or any of the remedies, powers, or provisions given or provided by such former act or acts respectively, for the collecting, levying, or recovering the same; but all such rates and assessments, and all arrears thereof respectively, which were due and payable on the said twenty-fifth day of March9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and all the remedies, powers, and provisions in and by such former act or acts respectively granted, enacted, or provided, for the collecting, recovering, and levying the lame respectively, shall continue and be in force; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and de- Not to make dared, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-Pree^j" strued to extend, to make void the appointment of any officers al- er 1

ready appointed, by virtue of the said act hereby repealed, or to make void any other proceeding, already had or commenced by virtue of, and under the authority of the said act, or to prevent the compleating of any such proceedings; but that the said commissioners, constituted by this act, shall and may carsy into execution, and compleat all such proceedings commenced under the said act, although repealed, in the like manner as if the; same had been commenced under and by virtue of this act.

CXXII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revive the said acts made in the nineteenth. Ad 190, and twenty-second, and twenty-third years of the reign of the Sc Car. a* late King Charles the second, or the said act made in the second % 0q^year of the reign of their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, or the-laid act made in the tenth year of the reign, of his late majesty King George the second, or the said act made in the 10 seventeenth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George 17 Geo. »the second, or an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign 3J Geo. a. of his said late Majesty, or an act made in the sixth year of his 6o^present Majesty's reign, but such parts of the said several acts as*' respectively relate to the publick iewers, drains, vaults, or pavements of the said city and liberties shall, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; any thing in any of the said acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Vol. XXIX. 1 CXXJIi; And

*3

Publick&

[Preamble.]

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 30, 31. [1770.

CXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, that this 2& shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by ail judges, justices and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. XXX.

An act for deaafing and lighting the ttrcets of the town of South Leith, the territory of Saint Anthony's, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for fapplying the federal parts thereof with fresh water.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for the encouragement of the white Herring fishery.

WHEREAS the carrying on and improvement of the British white herring ffberies are of great importance to these kingdoms, by increasing the trade and navigation thereof and being a nvr-fery for seamen, and otherwise a means of employing and providing for great numbers of indtt/irious poor, provided that reasonable encouraic-ment be given to such persons as are willing to carry on the said fisheries: therefore, and for the better regulation of the said trade, and for preventing fraudi and impositions in the management thereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that as an encouragement to all persons whatsoever, as well bodies politick and corporate as others, to engage in the said white herring fisheries, that, from and after the twen-ty-second day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seven-Bounty of jos. ty-one, a bounty of thirty Shillings per ton shall be paid annual-per ton on the ly, in manner as herein after provided for, to the owner or ow-vessels em- ners of all decked vessels from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which shall be fitted out and employed in the said fisheries, in manner and under the regulations herein after mentioned, and that, for the space and term of seven years, from and after the said twenty-second day of Ofleber, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and to the efrd of the then next ensuing session of parliament.

II. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton shall, for every vessel or vessels proceeding to the (hid fisheries, immediately, from any

ployed in the fisheries,

How and where the bounty shall be paid.

port or place within that part of Great Britain called Engl

me.

[Proviso.]

be paid out of such monies as shall be produced out of his Majesty's customs there; and for all other vessels which shall take their departure from any port Or place within that pan of Great Britain called Scotland, out of the monies which shall be produced out of his Majesty's customs or excise within that part of the united kingdom last mentioned.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no person or persons shall be allowed or intituled to receive the bounty herein before granted for any buss or vessel which shall not proceed directly upon the said fishery, from that part of theninited kingdom to which such buss or vessel shall belong, and where her owners reside* and that

th:

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 31. 131

the matter and owners of such buss or vessel shall take out their licence from the collector and comptroller of the port where such buss or vessel was bona fide manned, victualled, furnished, accoutred, and fitted out for that voyage $ any thing in this all, or any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstandinz.

IV. And be it further enacted, that every such buss or vessel All bullet or which shall be employed in the said white herring fisheries, to b« whose owner or owners shall be intituled to the bounty of thir-dec^cd* ty shillings per ton by virtue of this act, shall be a decked bu(s or vessel, built in Great Britain after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and shall proceed on the said fisheries from some port in Great Britain, manned and navigated as by the law now in force is directed 5 and before such buss or vessel proceed on such voyage, or be intituled to the benei-fit of this act, (he shall be visited by such officer or officers of the culioms belonging to such port, who shall be appointed by the commissioners of the customs to examine into such buss or vessel, and who shall take an account of the tonnage thereof, by admeasurement, and shall certify such his or their visitation, examination, and admeasurement, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs; and that (he hath on board such a quantity of fishing-nets, and other stores, to be used in the said fishery as herein after mentioned, and otherwise is a proper vessel to be employed in the said fishery \ and upon its further appearing, by the oath of one or more owner or owners, or agent appointed by them, and of the matter or chief officer* of such vessel, written at the foot of the said certificate, and made before the collector or comptroller of such port, who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same, that it is really and truly their firm purpose add determined resolution, that such buss or vessel shall proceed respectively, so manned, furnished, and accoutred, cither to Yarmouth, in the county of Norfolk; Whitehaven, in the countjr of Cumberland 1 Leith, in the county of Edinburgh;

Inverness^ in the county of Inverness; or to BraJjiy Sounds in Shetland 5 Campbeltown, or Oban, in Argyleshire; or Kirkwall, in 04-nejy and be it the rendezvous of the said fishery there on or before the twenty-second day of June, and shall not (hoot or wet their nets before the twenty-fourth day of the said month of June, and shall continue fishing to the twelfth day of October j or shall proceed to Yarmouth9in the county of Norfolk 3 Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland 3 Leith, in the county of Edinburgh 3 Inverness, in the county of Inverness > or to Brajfey Sound, in Shetland j Campbeltown, or Oban> in Argyleshire; or Kirkwall, in Orkney, and fie at the rendezvous of the said fisheries, on or before the first day of October, and shall continue fish-iflg to the eleventh day of January following, unless they shall have sooner completed their loading of fish 5 and shall fish in an orderly and regular manner, without impeding or obstructing other vessels which shall be employed in the said fishery; and shall keep a journal of their proceedings: and if, after such certificate had, and oath made, such owner or owners, or their

I2 agents,

132

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. % 31. [1770.

agents, and matter, or chief officer of such vessel as aforesaid do also become bound, with two sufficient sureties unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the penalty of such sums as shall be equal to treble the bounty on the tonnage of his vessel intended by this act, (which bond, the collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be in force for the space of three years, against the matter and his sureties, for the faithful dealing of the said matter and ship company, in regard to the said vessel and voyage;,) then, and in such cale, it shall and may be lawful for the collector and comptroller of such port, to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the matter and owners of such buss or vessel, full litence and authority to proceed on such voyage as aforesaid.

Such decked V. And to prfcvfent ahy disputes which may arise, whether a to have vessel be properly qualified artd dally fitted out for the herring Winchester* E^ery, according to the true intent and meaning of this atf, buflieli of salt and intitled to a certificate from the custom-house officers, it is for every lad hereby enacted that every such vessel shall be a decked vessel, offifli. built in Great Britain, after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and shall have on board twelve Winchester bushels of salt for every last of fish which such vessel is capable of holdlhg; which salt shall be barrelled Up in new barrels, and as many more new barrels as such buss or vessel is capable of carrying, and shall have on board, at the place of rendezvous, two hundred and fifty square yards of netting for each' ton of buss measurement, together with the customary quantity of other materials for the equipment and mounting of the said two hundred and fifty yards of netting in the fishery business; but with liberty to make use of such net* in the same as they shall find bett adapted to the said fisheries.

Every vessel of

VI. And be it further enacted, that every such vessel of twenty Jons, which shall be employed in the said fishery, shall have on board, at such of the places afore mentioned as shall be appointed for their rendezvous, not less than fix men $ and every vessel of greater burden shall, over and above the fix men aforesaid, have one for every five tons which (he shall exceed twenty tons.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that, on the return of such vessel into any port of Great Britain for her discharge, the chief officer of the customs, or such other officer of the customs as he shall appoint at such port, shall immediately repair on board such vessel, and view the condition of such vessel and her facting, and certify the same, together with their observations thereon, and also the real tonnage of the said buss or vessel; and the said officers are also to take an account of the names of the matter and other persons on board, and to certify the same; and the matter shall make oath before the collector and comptroller of such port, (who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same,) which shall be wrote on the back of, or annexed to the license granted as aforesaid,

and

to tons to have fix men on board.

Vesseli to be inspected by officers of the customs.

*33

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 31.'

and which they are hereby required to deliver up, and what they did in pursuance thereof, that such vessel was at one of the places before mentioned, at the time appointed by this act, and has not since been on any other voyage, or pursued any other design or view of profit; and that they did remain fishing according to the directions of this act, and had, at the time of their rendezvous, the quantity of nets and other (lores and number of men herein before directed to be on board the said vessel; which certificate, schedule, licence, and oath, together with the account of the fish taken by the said vessel, shall fie transmitted by the collector or comptroller of such port, in case the said buss or vessel departed with her licence from any port within that part of Great Britain called England, to the of of the* customs of England; and in case such buss or vessel departed with her licence from any port within that part of Great Britain called Seat land, to the of of customs or excise for that part of the united kingdom 5 and such commissioners respective-ly being folly satisfied of the faithful dealings of the matter and other persons employed in such vessels with respect to such voyage and fishing, shall, on demand, cause payment to be made to the owner or owners, or to his or their assigns, by the receiver-general of the customs or excise, as the case shall happen, the sum of thirty shillings per ton, according to the admeasurement of such vessel duly certified as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and it is further enacted by the au- Owners not thority aforesaid, that the owner and owners aforesaid shall not intitled to be intituled to have and receive the bounty of thirty shillings per the ton, by this act given, or allowed to vessels employed in the said p^r ton in fisheries, in respect of such vessels as shall return into port with of such*a lets number of hands than such vessel is required by this act to vessels as shall have on board at the rendezvous, unless it shall be made appear, [ejfun*that such number hath been reduoed by death, or that such re- d$ Jhsm °* Auction is occasioned by sickness, or deration, without any de- required.*fault, fraud, or collusion, on the part of the said owner and owners.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Owners not the said owner and owners shall not be deemed liable to forfeit, deemed liable or incur a forfeiture of the said bounty of thirty Shillings per ton, ^unt ^fthe so given to vessels employed in the said fisheries, in respect of such ^eVdid de-bufles as shall not arrive at one of the places, in and by this pre- part for fucti sent appointed for the rendezvaufing of the bufles or vessels respective

to be employed in the said fisheries, by or on the respective days P.laccs at

appointed for the rendezvous of such bufles or vessels 5 provided, c'c aPP0W$*

that fucfi bufles or vessels did really and bona, side take their depar*

tore for such respective places of rendezvous, or one of them, at

least five days before the respective daye herein before named

and appointed for the vessels employed in the said fisheries to be

at such respective places of rendezvous, and that such hnfles or

vessels be fitted out in all respects conformable to the directions

and regulations herein before provided.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that m^kuffel 13 in

134 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1770.

do not arrive in all cales where the respective bufa employed in the fed fish-at their ren- erjcs> and taking their departure for such respective places of rea-oath°may be dezvous at the respective times before mentioned, dull not ar-vaned. rive at the said respective stations at Yarmmth, in the county of Norfolk; Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland; Leith, in the county of Edinburgh \ Inverru/s, in the county of Inverness^ or to Braffey Sound, in Shetland; Campbeltown, or Oban, in jkgyle-/hire; or Kirkwall in Orkney, or one of them, on or before the respective days herein before dfrc&ed and appointed, the before* mentioned oath, required to be made by the respectiue matters of such bufles or vessels at their return into port for their discharge, with respect to so much of such oath as relates to their having arrived at such respective places of rendezvous, or one of them, on such days as is for that purpose already mentioned and appointed, or either of them, a act to their having remained fistung, according to the direction* of this prefect act, may and shall from henceforth, be varied, and made conformable tn the particular rircumstances attending such respective bufles or vessels so quitting their respective stations at sea, from whence the said fisheries are directed to be carried one, or either of them, or to their not arriving at any of the said respective stations of Yarmouth, in the county of Norfolk } Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland; Leith, in the county of Edinburgh; Unvernefi, in the county of loverness; or to Braffey Sound, in Shetland, Cambel-town, or Oban, in Jrgyleshire, or Kirkwall in Orkney, herein before appointed for the rendezvous of inch bufles or vessels & and that such oath shall be made and taken by the matter, or other chief officer, of such butt or vessel so returning into pom for adifchorge.

Persons em-

XI. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, ployed in the That all and every person and persons employed in the said laid fiftieries, fiftjerica may fish in any part of the British seas, and shall have free use of all aftt^ exarcifc the free use of all ports, harbours, (hores, and ports, har- fewlands in Great Britain, or the iftaods belonging to the hours, See. in crown of Great Britain, below the highest high-water mark, Britain and and for the space of one hundred yards on any watte or unculci-theretobc- vated land beyond such mark, within the land, for landing faoffng. " their nets, calks, and other materials, utensils, and ftoies^ and for eroding tents, huts, and stages, and for the landing, pickling, curing, and reloading their fisti, and in drying their nets, without paying any foreland or other dues, or any other lum or furas of money, or other consideration whatsoever, for such liberty (except as herein after is excepted), any law, statuse, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: and if any person or persons shall presume to demand or receive any dues, fiuns of money, or other consideration whatsoever, for the use of any such [>orts, harbours, (bores, or forelands, within the limits aforesaid, or shall obstruct the fisheitnen, or other persons employed in the taking or curing of fish, or drying their nets, in the use of the same, every person faoffending, shall for every such Offenders to offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, ta be recover-fotfeit sool* ed and levied in manner herein after directed

1

XII. PfQ»

*lf

1770.] Anno ondedino GsoSoii lit. c; ji«

XII. Provided always, That necking in this act contained shall extend to exempt the vessels, or boats, employed in the said fisheries, from the payment of sack harbour or pier dtftlea as are, and by the law ought to be, demanded for ships, vessels, or boats, »piers, or harbours, which are built or artificially made, bat that such harbodr or pier dues (h»H be paid in like manner as the same were liable to be paid before the passing of this afi.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority sfortfcid, Penalty to bt That the penalty herein before mentioned (had and they be determined prosecuted and determined by bill, plaint, or in formation, in any £y Mu.or in* of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the Court, orraation of exchequer in Scotland reflectively; wherefono eflblnV'protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, '

shall be allowed; and one moiety of such penalty shall be to thp use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to such person or persons as wiH sue for and predicate the same.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Commission

laid. That it (half and may be towful for the cemmMkmers of of customs

his Majesty's cu horns for England and Scotland respectively, to to order pay. order the find bounty to be paid by the receiver-general &f ent*" cashier of the customs fov that part of Great Britain, from co"d"^! whence the buss or vessel shall have disparted as herein before vessel, fee. directed, out of any money in the bends of (belt receiver-gene^ shall have do-, ral or cashier, a tiling from any of the duties, revenues, and pwied. customs, under the management of such respc drive eomifflffidfei '

era; and if the receiver-general or cashier of rite custotne at Editt- Reedyer-ge-burgh shall not havefaffieient money in his hands topeythe Aid nwakof ou-, bounty, the commifiloiters of his Majesty's Customs at haws atEdim

burgh, or a»y three of them shall forthwith give the person or persons intitled to receive (rich bounty, »eertifiuote, ' certifying to pay thT^ the some to the commissioflees of his Majesty's excite for that bounty, compart of Great Britain called Section d\which certificate', bCiftg nyfliouvr* to affixed to the licence, and other certificates and documents re- St taSa quired by law, and being produced to the Aid commisfioriers of person intitled excite, they the said ebrnmiffiormrs are hereby*inherited and to the corn-required, on demand, tt> caster the money therein certified as missioner* of aforesaidto be due, robe paid bylife receiver-genera I, or cashier orp, jr'

of the said excite, out of any money in his hand* arising froth any of the duties and revenues, under the management of such comatifironers; any tow, ceftom, or uAgc, ' to rile contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas the rtvtnut in that part Great Britain call-

ed Scotland, hitherto applicable to the payment of the bounties granted for the encouragement of the British white herring hath

not been sufficient to satisfy and pay the said bounties for vef-

fels and bujfes which have proceeded by licence on the said from

thence, and divers certificates and orders for the payment of Jueh bounties do for that reason remain unsatisfied: Now, for maxing a reasonable compensation for such delay of payment, be it further Person* to enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every person and per- whom bounty

14 fons, remauu un4u

for forbear nee.

136 Atm© undecimo Georgii III. c. 31; [1770.

tisfitd, shall, fons, ' who, from and after the fifth day of JpriL, one thousandfter ^Pnl ? seven hundred and seventy one, shall be legally intitled to re-led to interest ce*ve »ny such bounty which shall then remain due and unfatis-of)ftrcent, fied, for, or in respect of any buss or vessel, which before the first day of O/ftdrr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, proceeded from Scotland upon the said white herring filbery, shall, for the forbearance of such money as shall be so due, be allowed interest, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum for the same, fufeh interest to be computed from the said fifth, day of April* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and he.continued until notice shall be given in the

tetthrand Edinburgh Courant*by order of the lord high tneafu-

rer, or the commissioners or his Majesty's treasury for the time being, that the money due Gar fitch bounties, shall and will be paid off and discharged.

XVI. And it- is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of

items in Scot- his Majesty's customs for that part of Great Britain called Aid interest to 19 ctw, k the said interest allowed by this act to be paid an-b. paid anno- nually by the receiver-general of the customs in Scotland* out of any money in.his bands arising from any of the duties, revenues, and customs, under the management of such of.

XVII. And-beat-further ended by the authority aforesaid, That, for preventing-any difficulties about ascertairang, getting Wi and receiving all such Turns of money as shall for the future

transrait exact become due and payable by law, as a duty of six-pence per w rtia from all Teamen who are or shall be employed in the fer-

office in tone ViW of the British white hetring fishery, for the fopport of the don, for recti- rpyalhospital at Greenwich* the commissioners for the time be-very ofmoncy of his Majesty's custoaK, or of excise, if in Scotland* as the

w^h°itefpitv]c, <y-be» dull, and they ore hereby required, from time to from fcatnen time, after the commencement of this act, to transmit, or cause employed in to the trsnfmittsd, with all convenient speed, to the office of the white her- receiver for the time being of the said duty in London* a true png nflrtry.^txa#copy of every certificate which shall, from time to time, after the said commencement, be transmitted to them the said of, by all or any of the respective collectors and comptrollers of the several nut-ports in Great in order to the said of causing payment to be made of the bounty of thirty shillings per for), pursuant to the directions of on act of parliament made in the twenty-third year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the encouragement of the British white birring fi/hfrp.

Commissioners of the cu-

alty.

Commission* erf, &c. in Scotland^ to

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 30. 137

CAP. XXXII.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one pear, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one-, for indemnifying the landholdersoftbe'ljle of Wight from the payment of the monies due by virtue of an act of the ninth year of his present Majesty, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is neteffarj that previfien Jbtmld be mode for it-

fraying the charge of the pay and the, in

that partef Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day ef March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

ent\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent tna-jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ' and commons, in this present pviiament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every county, ^riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called, militia it or

where the militia is or shall fee raised, the receiver or receivers- shall be raised, general of the land-tax for such county, riding, or place respecthe rec*i"£: tively, Bull ilfuc and pay the whole sums required, in the man- rnnetr i» >0 ner, and for the several uses herein after mentioned; that is to; nbe far lay, foe the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in month* payin advance, at the rate of six shillings a day for each adjutant;^J*nc*> where an adjutant is appoinred; and at the rate of one milling eftalS&mem* for each farjeant, with the addition of two shillings and sixpence of pay ben a week for each serjeant-major, where a serjeant-major is ap- set down} pointed; and at the rate of sixpence >a day vat each drummer, with the addition of fixpgnce a day for each drum-major, where a drum-major is appointed; and also at the rate of sixpence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and independent company of militia; one penny whereof shall be applied fordefiaying the hospital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independent company, daring the time of the men's being from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and also for half a year's salary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of mi- with half a litia belonging to such county, riding, or place, at the rate of year'* Mary fifty pounds a year; and also for the respective allowances tot0 the.re8* the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the several fob- S'ttalion division meetings, at the rates following; that is to say, to the clerk* 1 clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds and the allow-five shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks of the ance* to the subdivision meetings, at the rate of one pound and one shilling c|erk* of the for each meeting; and also for the cloathing of the militia for fuWivision^ such county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds meeting*; and ten shillings for each serjeant, and two pounds for each an(j, for*drummer, with the addition of one pound for each serjeant-ma- cloathing of ior, and each {tram-major; gnd with respect to the private mi- the mifitia.

litia

of the men and officers.

regiment or battalion (ex cepe the allowances to the desks of

*38 Aono undecimo Georgii III. c. 32. [1770.

litia men, where the militia hath not been doathed within three years, at the rate of one pound and ten shillings for each private man.

The above xi. Provided nevertheless, That is any county, riding, or

to p*dn, °if rSP* w '; ".n?/elAbffI issued "*mM», no pay pay has not wall be mued unul his MajeGys lieutenant, or in his absence, before been or in case of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majesty's ifluedi till the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of any such county, nant ordepu- ri^rnf» OT P^cc, shall have certified to the commilBonm of his ties shall have Majesty's treasury, and to the receiver-general of the land-tax, certified to that three-fifths of the number of private militia-men of fetch the treasury county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that throe-eeneraltheYn- ^the proportion of their comtnifSoa officers have acral ment of*cepted their commissions, and entered their qualifications as three-fifths by law required.

III. And be it enacted, That all (rich ferns of money granted for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, except such as shall The mdnev is be due to the several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, and cx-the receiver- ceP* hich as shall be doe on account of cloathing, shall, where geneni Tt^-the militia has never been embodied, be paid by the feud re-clcrfcof the ceiver or receivers-general of the land-tax, into the bands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, upnn his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointments to such office, under the hand and leal of his Majesty's lieutenant the meetings) for such respective county, riding, or place) and wbc*e the apooproduc- g^btia has been embodied, into the hands of the ckrk or decks nnt of bi»r of the regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his appointment; or their warrant or warrants of appointment to sech office, under the band and leal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion respectively, notwithstanding such militia shall have been disembodied j and where the miktia Aiall be formed into an in-»nd for inde- dependent company, or independent companies, fetch ferns as pendent com- aforesaid shall be paid by the said receiver or receivers-general of P*"5*hto thethe land-tax, into the hands of the mfpe&ve captain of each captainsfor to independent company of militia, or to such per too as such rc-their order; IpedUve captain shall-authorise to receive the same, according to the number of persons hereby intided to receive pay and cloathing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independent company or independent companies, shall have been appointed to conuft, according to the establishment laid down in an a£k passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. aft explain*, reduce jniHtia act of jnf0 one act of parliament thelaws now in being relating to

Geo. 3. fa raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and such receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax shall also, within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the said first payment,

A second pay- make a second payment for four calendar months in advance; ment is also to and shall also, within fourteen days after the expiration of the

three

according to the c/Ublish-ment laid down in the

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. yi. 139

three calendar months from the time of the said second pay mem, he made with-make a third payment for four calendar months in adyaflee, twthefoft* for the pay and contingent expenecs of t|e. militia, and for the r 9

allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks afore- amj a said, in (he proportions herein before-mentioned; and the re- within three ceiyts of such clerk or clerks, and of such captain of an inde- months after pendent company, or captams of independent companies, or the ^cond* of such person or persons as such captain or captains shall so au- Receipts of the thorise to receive such money aforesaid, shall be a sufficient ^Jorn the mo-dischargeto such receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax for ney°S»all bTfo the several Aims of money so by him or them paid. paid, discharge (he receivers-general*

IV. And be it enacted, That thele»k of each regiment or The regimen, battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such Tums tal and batta-of moqey as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendarlion clt.rk'*ra

month's pay in advance to the aafutantof such regiment or bar-

\ Jrk..a t^a* vance one

talion idpeehvety j and to the captain or officer commanding month's pay

each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, twq to the »diu-monthe pay in advance for the serjeants and drummers.; and al-tant iand two so to the officer commanding the company, to which the fer- ^cai^to jeam-niajor and drum-major ffiaH belong, two months jpay iny^. thJ vitTm advance for such ferjeont and drum-major; and so from tnxre to j-aota and time as bug as any money on that account fhatt remain in his drummer*; hands: which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to such person belonging to his^drum-company, by this act infilled to receive the same, as"it mall be- major two come due; and the captain of each independent company is moartivpay to hereby required to Attribute to each person belonging to his bc?*.company mtitled thereto* such money as he shall receive for pay cl the of his company by virtue of this act; and such captain or offi- comp*? to cer commanding shall, once in every year, give in to the clerk which they be-of the regiment or battalion to which fecit company shall belong, 0w8: or, if captain mi an independent company, to the receiver-general* an account of the sevend payments he shall have made in porfaanocaf this adk, according in the following form: p?y ^cord-

isgff) aodnroooot for the same yearly to the clerk; or receiver-general, if an independent company, according to »fte following form j

County

*40

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 32. [1770.

Coonlf of

To caih received of Mr., regimen battalion clerk, < ceiver>general cmfe Jbail bo) months pay

fir Comtra.

Cr.

J

Paid serjeant for days pay from the of to the of

following -

Ditto as serjeant major (if 1 one in the company) f Paid fcrjeuit for days pay from the of to the of

following -

Paid drummer days atsixpence, from the ot to the

of following ——

Ditto as drum major (if I one in the company) 3 Paid drummer J

days from the of* > to the of following \

and pay back And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver-general, the (urf?t as the case shall be, the surplus (if any) of the money by him fomcir m M ^rom t*me to ^roc received, and then remaining in his hands. On discharge Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That of serjeantsor in case the commanding officer of any raiment, battalion, or drummers as independent ^company of militia, shall certify, in writing, to wnfit for fer- the clerk of the same, that he hath discharged any serjeant or ^issuecftiV° drummer as u°fit ^or the service 5 that in such case, no pay others are ap- he issued for the person so discharged, until another be duly appointed; pointed by him; and that no payment be made to any serjeant nor any pay. or drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not pre-fochalTare 10 viou^y been approved of by the commanding officer, iq case of discharged, or vacancy by death or otherwise. who have not been approved by the commanding officer.

Theclerki are

VI. And be it enacted, That the clerk, of each regiment or likemfetopay battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be issued allowed for*an<* P*id to him for defraying the contingent expences of each contingent regiment or battalion, shall, yearly and every year, pay to the expences, i d. colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, one fr penny a month for each private man and drummer, for defray* charge*! ing the hospital expences of each respective company of such it-and the Vume giment or battalion during the time of the men's being absent necessary for from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and shall, the repair of from t*, me to time, issue out and pay such (urns of pioncy as rUge thereof" maY be necessary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and Xe&oe to be* removal thereof, upon an order in writing, signed by the colo-appliedforthe nel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion; and ap* benefit of the piy^ dispose of, and pay, the residue of such money, for the ge-sr^he'field C ncra^ "k aD<* benefit of each such respective regiment or batt^-officera and lion in such manner as the field officers and captains thereof, or captains shall the greater part of them, shall direct; and shall, yearly and eve* dircA. ty year, make up an account of all such money, and the ex*

Account of the said sums to be made up yearly, fitc.

1770O Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. ja* 141

penditure thereof, and deliver the same to the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; which account so allowed and signed shall be, and it is hereby directed to be, the proper voucher and a<2-quital of such clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

VII. And be it enacted, That the money hereby directed to Money aflow-

be issued for the contingent expencea of each independent com-for contil1* pany of militia, shall be, in like manner, applied to the parti- onndewMr^ cular use of such respective independent company by the captain dent compa* thereof; and shall, yearly and every year, be in like manner nie* to be ap-accounted for to the receiver-general of the land-tax of the

county or place to which such independent company shall be-

long; whose allowance of such account shall, in like manner, be the proper voucher for the expenditure and disposition thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Commanding That the officer commanding every regiment, battalion, or in-officer* to dependent con<pany of militia, which mall be raised and trained pursuant to the laws now in force, shall, and they are hereby excSquerVe-respectively required, from time to time, within thirty days af- torn* of the ter the exerdfing of every such regiment, battalion; or indepen- officer* and dent company mall be finished, pursuant to the directions

the laws now in being in that respets, transam to the propert^auditor of his Majesty's court of Exchequer a compleat return, annual exer-signed by such officer commanding, of the several officers, non- die. commissioned officers, and private men, who were actually in-rolied, and did serve in every such regiment, battalion, or independent company, at the time the same were so exercised as aforesaid, in like manner and form as is required to be made to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion Clerktoretafa clerk may and shall retain to his own use, out of the money so money in bi* by him received, such further sums as shall complete the allow- band!

ance herein before made for his salary. own ary'

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's when the Id. lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants of any coon- lieuts. or de-ty, riding, or place, shall have fixed the days of exercise for the poties shall militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to jj* Jjf

the receiver-general of such county, riding, or place, specify- &(t ing the number of men, and the number of days such men are^ey aret<, to be absent from home on account of such exercise; and such certify the receiver general is hereby required, within fourteen days after same to tbs the receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the clerk ofreceiw-ge-the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of seven shillings, ^" the Pnumr and sixpence per day for the captain of each company, and ?t her of men, the rate of three shillings and sixpence per day for each lieute- and days they nant, and of three shillings per day for each ensign; and also at* absent the rate of one shilling per day for ea<^i private mifitia-man, with "°"\ ome* the addition of sixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of days such offi- thereupon pay

cers for officers and

Afttio undecimo Georgii III. c. 32. t*57°-

cers and men shall be absent from home on account of such exercise; and in such counties where there shall be independent companies only, the receiver-general of each such respective county shall issue and pay to the captains of the independent companies at the rate of seven shillings and sixpence per day for each captain, three shillings and sixpence per day for each lieutenant, and three shillings per day for each ensign; and also at the rate of one shilling pir day for each private militia-man, with the addition of sixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of days such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of such exercise'; and the said regimental or battalion clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the said regiments over tb« mo- battalions the proportion or pay belonging to each captain, ney to the re-and litoewife the pay belonging to their respective companies, foective captain*.

Capuiat to

XI. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each cora-a^unt^ac-Cir PanY °P an account of all monies received and paid

cording to* by him on account of such exercise, according to the following the following form: form;

County of Dr. Per Cmtir* Cr.

*4*

men to the regimental cleric, &c. Where there shall be independent companies only, the receiver-general is to due pay to the captains, according to ibe rate here let down.

To cash received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver-general (at the

case /bail be) for days pay of men

; S

By my pay at captain Paid lieutenant Paid ensign

Paid militia men ]

day« i

Paid additional pay to corporals

"t& }

to be signed Which account shall be signed by the said captain, and county them, and tersigned by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, ^untersigned within ten days after the time such exercise is (inished, deliver ihanding°dH- such account, tnd pay the balance, if there be any due, to the cer, and deli- regimental or battalion clerk; or, if captain of an independent vered, with company, to the receiver-general: and such accounts shall be t£CthalT£k' allowed as sufficient vouchers in the passing of the accounts of orreceiver-ge- receiver general, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer. neral. Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers.

During the

XII. Provided always, and oe it enacted, That where any

time the regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, is or

troops areem- shall be embodied, and called out into actual service, and there-bodkd, and by the officers and private militia-men are or Stall be infitled to to actual'fer- ^mc Pay as o^1^ and private men in his Majesty's vice, and re- other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receive pay as ceivers-general of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, the King's i0 which such regiment, battalion, or independent company of all pay°and* militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, fctjeants, private allowances militia men, or others; and all money allowed as aforesaid for from the re- the contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or indeceiver*, gene- pendent company of militia; and also the allowance to the ruts to cease. cjcrfc of such regiment or battalion, shall, during such time of

actual

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 32. 143

actual service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independant company shall be disembodied, and return home, ccafe, and not be paid.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers of Reeeivm-ge-the land-tax shall pay to the derk of the general meetings his al- n5ra, I1t0 Pax lowance, at the rate of five pounds and five shillings for each Jo^kT of the meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that pur- general meet-pose from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy-lieute- ing*, and to nanrs assembled at some general meeting or meetings; and shall the clerk* of also pay to each and every of the clerks of the subdivision meetings their several allowances, at the rate of one pound and one u^prodiK-shilling for each meeting, upon his or their produring an order ing order* or orders from one or more deputy-lieutenant or deputy-lieute- from the lieu-nants, assembled in the several subdivision meetings; which l^anj.er dc" said order or orders shall be to the said receiver or receivers-ge- ieu C"

neral of the land-tax, a sufficient discharge for the payment of which orders such allowances, and be allowed in hrs or their account. to be a discharge to receivers-general.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk of Regimental

each regiment or battalion of militia shall give security to the and battahou receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax of the county, ^risty°f^vo riding, or place, to which such regiment or battalion shall be- paying and long, by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of accounting foe the sum required for the whole year's charge of the regiment or the f110* battalion 0? militia to which such clerk shall belong, for duly by

answering and paying such sums as he shall, from time to time, the bonds have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for be lodged performance of the trust hereby in him reposed; which said with the rebond shall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers- ^jvcr8 ?ene" general of the land-tax for the respective county, riding, or place,

who, in case the said regimental or battalion clerk shall not duly on non-per-perforth the conditions comprised in the find bond, shall, and is tormauce of hereby required forthwith to put the said bond in suit in the l!ic cond*-name of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; the full costs*and charges of which suit, in case judgement shall be given a- fntided therL gain ft such regimental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him upon to full to the said receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax, who cost* and shall likewise be intitled to, and receive to his or their own use, ch*qg at the rate of five pounds per centum, out of all such monies as^5 p* (ha! be by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account rrc*j^_ for the residue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majesty's vered; revenue; the said receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax the residue to charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next ac- be accounted count of the land-tax to be by him or them passed. for the

XV. And be it enacted, That the derk of every regiment or£rlt0T\ battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent com- an?ba«a-pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the )ion clerk* part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty-fifth and captains day of March and the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand of indepen-seven hundred and seventy-one, deliver to the receiver or rc-ccivers-general of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, deliver in ac-

to count* ot their

144 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 32. [1770.

eccipt* and to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company dUburfe- shall belong, a fair account, in writing, of all monies by him menti| received and disbursed for the service of the preceding year, in and pay over pursuance of this act, with proper vouchers for the lame; and the baUhce to shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers-general of the the receivers- land-tax, any surplus of such monies that shall then be in his g€nera*hands; which said accounts, signed by such regimental or bat-tnwsmit the ta^on clerk, or by such captain of an independent company re-accounts into spectively, shall be transmitted by the said receiver or receivers-the auditor's general of the land-tax into the office of the proper auditor of office. his Majesty's revenue.

XVI. And whereas, by an act made in the loft session of this present parliament, intituled An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of*March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, it is enacted, (amongst other things) that in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia was or Should be raised, the receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax for such county, riding, or place respectively, shall issue and pay the whole Turns required, in the manner and for the several uses therein mentioned; and that the receipts of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, and of such captain of an independent company, or captains of independent companies, or of such person or persons as such captain or captains shall authorise to receive such money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax for the several Turns of money so by him or them paid; and also that the accounts of all monies received and paid by the captain of each company being made up, signed, and the balance paid in the form and manner therein particularly directed, shall be allowed as sufficient vouchers in the patting of the accounts of such receiver-general, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer.

No account of

XVII. And whereas doubts have arisen whether the passing of the

any receiver, Mounts of such receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax ought net See. of the to be flayed in and by the tmrfe of his Majesty's court of exchequer, land-tax, for in €afes where the receipts produced for the monies issued and paid by S°bc floppedbem to such clerks of the several regiments or battalions, and to the In the court captains of the independent companies respectively>, for and on account of Exchequer^ of the pay of the respective officers of such regiments, battalions, or but the re- companies, do not correspond with the return in and by the said recited efthe clerks rtttdred to be made and transmitted to the proper auditors of his of the several Majesty's said court of exchequer, of the several officers, non com-regiment* for missione4 officers, and pi ivate men, who were actually inroiled and did officers fgrve in every such regiment, battalion, or independent company, in as sufficient* manner and form as is required to be made to one of his Majesty's vouchers. principal secretaries of slate\ be it therefore enacted and declared

by the authority aforesaid, That no accounts of such receiver or receivers-general of land-tax shall or may be (topped or delayed in the said court of exchequer for such cause as aforesaid, but that

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 32.

the said receipts of such clerks of the fevers! regiments or battalions of militia, and of such captains of the independent companies, or persons authorised by them, as aforesaid, for or on account of the pay of such officers respectively, i(fried and paid by such receivers as aforesaid, are and shall be allowed as sufficient vouchers in the passing of the accounts of such receiver-general, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and the same shall be passed accordingly, without delay.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penal* Recovery of ties, all cods and charges of suit, and all Turns of money for penalties, &c. which any person or persons i6 or are by this act made answer-

able, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster % by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or

gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account Wan*antorforn of any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued in relation ofmoneyiflucd to, or in pursuance of this adh in punuance

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person of Jhi# a* being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as having hajf % "y°fcrr« served in any or either of the two troops of horse guards, or re-

giment of horse reduced, and serving in the militia, shall and militia may may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the sub- receive the fistence-money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieu- ^one ^a^Me tenants, or ensigns; and the receiving and taking such Wubfift- ^lieutenants ence-money by any such captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall or ensigns, not be deemed a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent such person on half-pay, or being intitled to any such allowance, from receiving his half-pay, or such allowance; and such person shall take the following oath before some justice SeWtoinnf of the peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same, oath before9

a justice.

I A B do swear, That I bad net, between the any plate.

or employment of profit, civil or military^ under his Majestyt be- "

fides my allowance of half pay as a reduced in

late regiment of (or allowance as in

late troop of horse guards, or regiment of horse reduced) save and except my subsistence as a lieutenant or ensign (as the case may be,) for serving in the militia of the county of

and the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such person to receive his half pay, or {he said allowance, without taking any other oath; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Receirer.gr* That the receiver-general of the land-tax, so soon as he shall neral, upon receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding recc, vinS a officer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying the Jh^ommand-receipt of the cloathing, and an order from the said colonel or ing officer. Vol. XXIX. K com-

Anno undecimo Georgii III.

*5 March,

I77».

c. 32. [1770.

certifying the commanding officer for the money due on account of the same, receipt or the payable to the person or persons who famiftied the said cloath-cloathing, and ing, shall pay' the sum mentioned in such order to the person payment Uto, nt, t*e<*to receiv© the fame5 and such warrant and order, to pay the same gather with the receipt of the person receiving the said money, accordingly, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver-general.

If any red-

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ment, &c. That in case any regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall cease, % s. shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this act, p* " to the sum of three shillings per diem shall be paid to such person rfuuntfiw as ^as a^ually served as adjutant to such regiment, battalion, or such time to independent company, from the time such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall cease, to the twenty-fifth day of Martby one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

XXIII. And whereas by an act made in the ninth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for explaining, amending, and continuing, an act made in the second year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amende and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in beings relating to the redfing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant, or the deputy-lieutenantsjor every county or place within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia has before*De- ^een or ratfedy shall yearly, and every year, on or before the

cember*certify twenty-fifth day of December, certify to the clerk of the peace of e-to the clerk* very county or place respectivelyf that the militia of such county or place hath been raised, and wheny and at what time, the same was first raised, the names, number, and rank of officers % and the number of private men of the militia in the year when such certificate is madey and the respective times of such militia being trained and exercised in the year in which such certificate is made; which certificate /holly by the clerk of the peace who shall receive the famcy be delwtrtl to the justicei, to the justices of the peace at their general quarter sessions, to be held £cnc' next after the twenty-fifth day ^December in everyyear, on the day ra ^quarter-^whi(b such sessions shall be openedy andshallfile the same amongst the

records of such sessionsyfo that the true state of the militia in each county may appear: and it is further enacted, That in all counties and places where the militia shall not be raised the sum of five pounds, shall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private militiaman, directed to be raised within the same; and that in every raised, to pay county and place where no such certificate shall be made by his 51. for each Majesty's lieutenant, or the deputy lieutenants, in manner here-Lieutenant!*n ^fore deeded, and the same shall be certified by the clerk of &c. making the peace, the justices of the peace of every such county and default in cer- place shall, and they are hereby required, at their said general tificates for quarter-sessions of the peace, to be held next after the twenty-fustice* to^af- fifth day of December in every year, to rate and assess the sum of left such couq* fiyc pounds per man upon such county and place, in such and ty in i\.p*r the same manner, and according to such and the same propor-«n-n 1 tiens, upon every town, parish, and place, within each respective

M county and place i and to be levied, collected, received, and paid,

and

His Majesty's lieutenant, or deputies, shall, yearly.

of peace that such militia hath been raised.

Certificate to be delivered

iefhont, and filed among the records. Counties, where militia shall not be

4

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 3l. 147

and to be accounted for in such manner, and by such meant, county rates with such powers of distress and other remedies for enforcing the ftjJ*collection and payment thereof, and for punishing all persontb*whose duty it shall be to collect or account for the same, and shall make default therein, as the county rates have been usually, or may by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for the easy ajfefsing, collecting, and levying of county rates, or by any other act or acts of parliament, be aueiied, collected, received, levied, paid, and accounted for, with* in the said county*

XXIV. And whereas, in pursuance of the several acts of parliament for raising the militia of Great Britain, the governor of the isle of Wight did duly appoint deputy lieutenants, for putting the same into execution within the same island: and whereas in the yeat one thousand seven hundred and seventy', a majority of officers were also appointed, and many other ftps were taken for raising the militia of the find island: and whereas in January lafi the militia-men of the find island were sworn in and inrolled, notwithstanding which the said militia was not so complete as to enable the governor of the said island to certify to the clerk of the peace, at the general quarter -sessions of the peace for the county of Southampton, held next after the twenty-fifth day of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy, jo that fitch certificate might be filed amongst thi records of such fifpons, as by the said act of his present Majesty is directd and required: and whereas by such certificate not being filed in due time, the landholders of the said island may be liable to pay five pounds per man for every private miutia-man directed to be raisei within the said island: and whereas the militia of the said island is now complete as prefiribed by the said acts, and is now ready to be called out, trained, and exerclfid; be it enacted by the authority a- Landholders foresaid, That the landholders of the said island shall be, and they of the Isle of are hereby indemnified from the said payment of five pounds per man, which may have been incurred by the militia of the said pLmem of island not having been so completely raised, trained, and exer- 51. per mam cifed, as to have enabled the governor of the same to have sent the certificate above required, to be filed in due time at the general quarter-sessions of the peace for the county of Southampton, held next after the twenty-firth day of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy; and nothing in the said act of the ninth of his present Majesty, or in any other act made for raising and training the militia in that part or Great Britain call- ed England, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject the said landholders of the said island to the payment of the said five pounds per man, which may have been incurred by the certificate as above required not being in due time filed at the general quarter-sessions.

XXV. And whereas it is proper that officers Should be appointed to^-

such companies of the militia of any county, riding, or place, a: ^becoming va-raised in those difirifts near which such officers do re fie lively reside, cant, lieute-be It hereby enacted, That when the command of companies, nant to make or other commissions, do become vacant by resignation, or

o therwife as he fll411

2 tnerwue, proper.

148 Anno undecimo Georgii III. 0*33, -34; [1770.

therwife, the Lieutenant of such county, riding, or place, shall make such a distribution of officers to the respective companies as he shall judge most fit and proper as aforesaid.

Militiamen

XXVI. And whereas doubts have been conceived whether oftj inroiled in militia-man who hath been inroiled in a different hundred, rapt, m-different hun- pen take9division, or place, of the same county from that in which dreds. See. be is bound to serve for himself, or as a substttute, could be compelled which they4 to fervi as, f. within the provisions of the acts now in force for rois-

were bound to the militia of this kingdom; be it hereby declared and enatt-serve, confi- ed. That such inrolment is a legal and valid inrolment; and dered as legal that every man who hath taken the oath required, and sub-inrolraents. fcrJbed the county (roll in the presence of one deputy-lieutenant of the same county, and the clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy, shall be deemed a militia-man to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if three or more deputy lieutenants bad been actually present at such inrolment.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the (beets, squares, Janes, and other passages within the parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the county of Middlesex, and for removing ob-itruftions and annoyances therein.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for enabling certain persons to inclose and embank part of the river Thames, adjoining to Durham Yard, Salisbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings, in the county of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the cowrfe of the river Thames form a large bend or angle round the Surrey Shore, between Westminster Bridge and the New Bridge at Black Friars, in the middle of which bend the faii river is much wider than at either of the said bridges, which tends to weaken the rapidity of the Jiream, and thereby contributes to an accumulation of mud and filth on the Westminster side, and to a very extenftye sand bank, on the other side; and whereat the navigation of the said river is greatly impeded by the fold sand bank, 'especially at low water, and the mud and filth so collected on she north /bore renders the access to the wharfs and grounds on that side very difficult, and in some parts of the tide impossible, to the manifefi injury of the publick, as well as private detriment to the proprietors of the said wharfs and grounds: and whereas the said navigation might be greatly improved, and the said nuisances and inconveniences confi-ierably diminished by an embankment on the north part of the faii river, within the bay or hollow of the said bend, which, by advancing the unequal and irregular fronts of the said wharfs and grounds into an uniform line, would give a proper direction to the Jiream, and, by narrowing the unnecessary width of the bed of the said river in this part, would confederacy deepen the channel thereof; and whereas John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, and William Adam, and James Paine, Architects, Dorothy Monk widow, Clementina Pawson widows and William Kitchiner coal merchant, having

very

149

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 34;

very valuable freehold and leasehold interests in the houses, wharfs, and grounds in Durham Yard, Salisbury Street, Cecil street, and Beaufort Buildings, next adjoining to the said river, are willing to execute such embankment in the front of their respective properties at their own expence: but such embankment cannot be lawfully and effectually made witbtot the authority of parliament; may it therefore please your MajestjyUpon the bumble petition of the said John Adam,

Robert Adam, James Adam, and William Adam, James Paine,

Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawson, and William Kitchiner, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Adamy Robert Adam

James Adam, William Adam, James Painty Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawfony and William Kitchiner, their respective heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, at their own proper cods and charges, to inclose and embank so much of the ground and foil of the said river, as lies on the north side thereof, in the front of their respective houses, wharfs, and grounds in Durham Tardy Salisbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings, aforesaid, so as the wall of such embankment next the said river do run in a line nearly parallel with, and not exceeding the didance of eighty feet from the terras lately begun, and now nearly completed in the front, and intended to constitute a part of certain buildings at or near Durham Yard aforesaid, called The Adelphiy from a point in the said river, over-against the south ead corner of the said terras, to another point in the same river, over-a-f gaind the south wed corner of the same terras; and from thence with a convex-circular sweep, from the said last mentioned point, to the south ead corner of the terras belonging to York Buildings, and so as the said wall next the said river do run in a drait line, from the said fird-mentioned point, to a point in the said river over-against and in a line with, and not exceeding the didance of sixty feet from the ead boundary of the groupd and buildings of the said William Kitchiner; and from the said last mentioned point, with a convex circular sweep, to the south-west comer of the projecting wall of the buildings commonly called The Savoy j the foundations of the said front wall to be made with such set-off towards the said river, and the said wall to be guarded with such piles, and other defences, as (fall be thought requisite or expedient for securing the liability and duration thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ground of the the ground and foil of the said river so to be inclosed and em- r°to

banked in the front of such respective house, wharf, or piecet^frontof11 of ground, shall veil, and the same is hereby vested in the owner each house, or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such adjoining house, to be veiled in wharf, or ground respectively, according co his, her, or their re- owner, spective estates, trusts, or interests therein.

III. Provided always, That no (hed or (heds, building or No ftedi. &c.

KJ build-to* crcfted

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.$\.

[1770.

ftn the ground buildings, of any kind whatsoever, higher than twenty feet a-to he cm* bove the level of high water mark (except as herein after is men-

banked. tioned) shall at any time or times hereafter be credted or built

upon any part of the said ground and foil, so to be inclosed and imbanked 5 nor shall the same contain any fire-phce, chimney, or funnel, for the conveyance of ftnoke, which shall vent irfclf above the top of any such (hed or building; nor shall any coals, timber, planks, or other goods, wares, or merchandises, be piled up upon any part of the said ground and foil higher than thirty feet above the level of high water mark, upon pain that every (hed or building, fire-place, chimney, or funnel, which shall be erected or built, and all coals, timber, planks, goods, wares, and merchandises, which shall be piled up upon any part of the said premises, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, shall be deemed, construed, and taken to be a publics nuisance, and may be proceeded against and redressed as a publick nuisance; and all and every person and persons guilty there* of, shall and may be prosecutea or indicted accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Terras at

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Durham Yard, authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

cx'i owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such respective tended to the .*5 a_______L t.

Savoy.

houses, wharfs, and grounds, to build or erc& upon the said ground, (b to be inclosed and embanked as aforesaid, such build- i ings as shall be necessary for completing the said terras and buildings called The Adelphi, according to the present plan or design thereof; and also such buildings as shall be nocetttry for continuing such terras eastward from The Adelphi, to the south-west corner of the buildings commonly called The Savoy, my thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Riahn of the V. And whereas the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city citizens off London, claim a right to the foil of the river Thames, Jo proptfd London, to be to be inclosed and embanked as aforesaid, and on that account mfist, that tried at Law. fa foj John Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pkwfon, and William Kitchiner, ought to make satisfaction to them the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens of London, for the liberty tf embanking as aforesaid: and whereas it is just and and nafonablt, that the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens of London, fbauld be at liberty to try the said right at law; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, to proceed to a trial of the said claim before the chief justice, or any other of the judges of his Majesty's court of King's Bench, or court of Common Pleas, at the fittings of Nisi Prius, in the said county of Middlesex, in or after Michaelmas term now next ensuing, in a feigned action for that purpose, to be commenced in his Majesty's said court of Jf/ag'j Bench, or court of Common Pleas, on or before the first day of Trinity term now next ensuing, wherein the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, ihafl b? plaintiffs, and the feidf

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 34.*131

Adam, Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Pairie;

Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawson, and William Kittbiner> defendants, upon one or more issue or issues* to be settled by the court in which the said action shall be commenced* if the parties shall differ in the settling thereof; which issue or iflbes to be tried by a spedal jury of freeholders of the said county of MiddlestXy whole verdict thereupon* if the same shall be satisfactory to the court where the cause is tried* shall be final and conclu<*> five to all the said parties; and in case a verdkft shall be found for the said mayor and commonalty* and citizens, as to the said right* the said jury shall* upon their oaths esquire* as well what damages have been* or will be foftained by and what recoot-pence and satisfaction ought to be made to the said mayor and commonalty* and citizens of London for to much of the foil of the said river Thames as shall be taken away for the purpose of imbanking as aforesaid, as well as the respective parts and proportions of such damages and satisfaction which ought to be paid by the said John Mam, Robert Adam9 James Adam, William Mam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawson, and Wilburn Kiuhintr* according to their several and respective intereste in the foil of the said river so to be imbanked* and to indorse the same upon the Pofteas and for the better ascertaining such damages, and the Cud proportions thereof as aforesaid the court in which the said action shall be commenced* shall* upon the application of either of the parties* cause the said jury to view the places in question; to which said jury* as well the said mayor and commonalty* and citizens; as the said John Adam9 Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Painty Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawfm9 and William Kitchiner9 or any of them* and all others interested* shall have their lawful challenges; and the said court where the said action shall be tried* shall* upon the verdk5t of the said jury* in such feigned action, give judgement thereon according to law; which judgement shall be rev-corded by the said court* and shall finally bind and be conclusive to the said mayor and commonalty* and citizens of London* and a]lo to the said John Adam % Robert Adam, James Adam* William Adamy James Painty Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawson, and William Kiuhintr and all others interested in the said imbanlc-raenr.

VI. And whereas the dean and chapter of the tolkgiate church of Right of the Saint Peter in Westminster, do al}o claim a right to the foil of the dean and m river Thames, mtbmtbe liberty of the/rid cityef Westmia-

iter, and on that account wfist, that the said John Adam* Robert mzy^tric4l-Adam, James Adam, William Adam* James Paine* Dorothy Monk, Clementina Pawforl* and William KifChiner, ought to make satisfaction to the said dean and chapter for the liberty of ini-bonking as aforesaid: and whereas it is just and reasonable that the said dean and chapter Should be at liberty to try the said right at law; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said dean and chapter to proceed to a trial of the said right before the chief justice, or any other of the judges of his

k 4 Ma-

15. Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 34/ [1770.

Majesty's court of Eing'* Bench^or court of Common Pleas, at the fittings of ATj/f Pr/its, in the said county of Middlesex, in or after Michaelmas term now next eh filing, in a feigned action for that purpose, to be commenced in his Majesty's said court of King's Bench, or court of Common Pleas9 on or before the first day of Trinity term now next ensuing, wherein the said dean and chapter shall be plaintiffs, and the said John Adam, Robert Adamy James Adamy William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monk % Clementina Pawfony and William Kitchinery defendants, upon one or more issue or issues, to be settled by the court in which the said action shall be commenced; if the parties shall differ in the settling thereof, such issue or issues to be tried by a special jury of freeholders of the said county of Middlesex, whole verdict thereupon, if the same shall be satisfactory to the court where the cause is tried, shall be final and conclusive to all the said parties: and in case a verdict shall be found for the said dean and chapter as to the said right, the said jury shall, upon their oaths, esquire, as well what damages have been or will be sustained by, and what recompence and satisfaction ought to be made to the said dean and chapter for so much of the foil of the said river Thames as shall be taken away for the purpose of im-scanking as aforesaid, as well as the respective parts and proportions of such damages and satisfaction which ought to be paid by the said John Adamy Robert Adam, James Adamy William Adamy James Paine % Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawfony and William Kitchinery according to their several and respective interests in the foil of the said river so to be imbanked, and to indorse the same upon the Postea: and for the better ascertaining such damages, and the said proportions thereof as aforesaid, the court in which the said action shall be commenced shall, upon the application of either of the parties, cause the said jury to view the places in question; to which said jury, as well the said dean and chapter as the said John Adamy Robert Adam, James Adam, William Adam, James Paine, Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawfony and William Kitchinery or any of them, and all others interested, shall have their lawful challenges: and the said court where the said action shall be tried shall, upon the verdict of the said jury in such feigned action, give judgement thereon according to law; which judgement shall be recorded by the said court, and shall finally bind and be conclusive to the said dean and chapter, and also to the said John Aiamy Robert Adamy James Adamy William Adam, James Patney Dorothy Monky Clementina Pawfony and William Kitchiniry and all others interested in the said im-bankment.

Publick a ft.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be allowed in all courts whatsoever as a publick act; and all judges, justices, or other persons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same*

SAP*

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 35, 153

CAP. XXXV.

An act for reducing into one act of parliament the several laws relating to the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing mfchiefs by keeping or carrying gunpowder in too great quantities.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several affs which regulate the keeping and

carriage of gunpowder within England are defective* and reqstire amendment, and the reducing them into one law would facilitate their execution: and whereas there is, at present, no provifson for regulating of the keeping and carriage of gunpowder in Scotland: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person or persons shall have or keep, at any one time, being a dealer or dealers in gun* powder, more than two hundred pounds of gunpowder, and not being such, more than fifty pounds of gunpowder, in any house, mill, magazine, storehouse, warehouse, (hop, cellar, yard, wharf, or other building or place, occupied by the same person or persons, (all buildings and places adjoining to each other, and ocr cupied together, being to be deemed one house or place within this act) or on any river or other water, except in carriages loading or unloacting, or passing on the land, or in ships, boats, or vessels loading or unloacting, or passing on any river or other water, or detained there by the tide or bad weather, within the following limits; that is to say, within the cities of London or Westminster, or within three miles of either of them; or within any city, borough, or market town of Great Britain, or within one mile of the same; or within two miles of any palace or house of reGdence of his present Majesty, his heirs or successors, or of her present majesty the Queen, or any Queen*confort or dowager; or within one mile of arty gunpowder magazine belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors; or wit bin half a mile of any parish church; or in any other part of Great Britain, (except in places where it shall be lawful to keep unlimited quantities of gunpowder by force of the provisions herein after contained) on pain of forfeiting all the gunpowder in specie beyond the quantity hereby allowed to be kept, and the barrels in which such gunpowder shall be, and also one shilling for every pound of gunpowder beyond such allowed quantity.

II. Ar\d, in order to provide for the safe carriage of gunpowder. No person be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall have or convey, at any one time, within Great Britain, more than two 10001. wt. of thousand pounds of gunpowder in any waggon, cart, or other gunpowder carriage, by land, or more than five thousand pounds of gun- by had, or powder in any barge, boat, or other vessel, by water (except in bvater^c. vessels with gunpowder on board, imported from or to be ex-w*port'd to any pl?ce beyond lea)*and all gunpowder conveyed

m

Justices may grant warrants to search for gunpowder in store-houses, &c. where such is suspected to be kept contrary to the act.

Anna undedaao Georgii III. c. 3$.

[1770.

on land or water (except in such vessels for imponation or exportation of gunpowder, as aforesaid) shall be in barrels dose joined and hooped, without any iron about the A, and so secured that no part of the gunpowder be feattered in the passage, and each barrel shall contain no more than one hundred pounds of gunpowder; and, when conveyed by land, shall be entirely inclosed in a leather bag, or a bag commonly called a salt petre bag\ and every carriage or vessel (except such vessels as afore- 1 find), in which gunpowder shall be conveyed by land or water, shall have a compleat covering of wood, painted-cloth, ur-fftutin, or wadmill-tilts, over sdl that part of the carnage or vessel in which the gunpowder barrels shall be placed, and all j gunpowder which shall be carried or conveyed (except in such vessels for importation or exportation of gunpowder as aforesaid) within any part of Great Britain, in greater quantity or in other maimer than is herein before prescribed; and the barrels in which such gunpowder shall be, may be fcixcd by any persan or peirfons, who shall have the same authority to remove such gunpowder and barrels, and to ole for that purpose, (daring the space of twenty-four hours after ferzure) the carriage or vessel in which such gunpowder shall be feixed, and the tackling, beads, and accoutrements belonging thereto, on the terms of paying a recompence for the use thereof, and to detain such gunpowder and barrels as is herein after given to persons fetching under a warrant of a justice of the peace \ and such (Seizure shall be, for his, her, or their own use, on conviction of the offender or offenders.

III. And) far tht mm easy difewery of the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, contrary to the ptovifwts herein before made; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace of the county or other division within Great Britain, in which gunpowder is suspelfed to be kept or carried, contrary to this act, on demand made, and a reasonable cause assigned, upon oath by any person or persons, to issue a warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, for Searching in the day-thne a-nyhouses, storehouses, warefoouses, (hops, cellars, yards, wharfs, or other places, or any carriages, ships, boats, or other vessels, in which such gunpowder is (ufpeded to be kept or carried, contrary to this act; and that all gunpowder found upon such search, to be kept or carried contrary to this act, and also the gunpowder barrels, shall be immediately feifced by the searcher or searchers, who shall, with alt convenient speed, after the (Seizure, remove such gunpowder, and the barrels in which it shall be, to such proper places as they, in conformity to the restrictions of this act, shall think most convenient; and in the case of any such gunpowder seized in any carriage or vessel', may use for the purpose of removal, during the space of twenty-four hours after seizure, such carriage or vessel, with the tackling, beads, and accoutrements belonging thereto, paying afterwards to the owner or owners thereof, a sufficient recompence for the use thereof, to be settled by the justices before whom the complaint

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 35. 155

shall be heard, after the felzure; and in case of nonpayment, -immediately after settlement by such justices, to be recoverable by distress and falc of the patties, goods, and chattels, aa it herein after directed, concerning the pecuniary penalties of this act, and may detain fitch gunpowder, and the barrels in which it shall be, till it shall be adjudged whether the same shall be for- r

felted, and shall not be liable to any suit for such detainer, or for anylofc of, or damage which may happen, to the said gunpowder or barrels, other than by the wilful acts or neglect of them, or the persons with whom they shall intrust the keeping thereof.

IV. And whereas it may he necessory to hove same places appointed, justices to

in which it may be lawful to ereQ or malt atw mills for making, and cause notice of magazines of floretau/es for keeping x unlimited quantities cf gunpow- cre<^mS iir: be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for scad?C*° the justices of the peace for each county, or other division within Great Britain, at their general quarter- sessions of the peace, upon application made to them by aoy pei (bn or persons (such person or persons having given notice in writing of the intention! to make such application, fourteen days before making it, to an overseer or churchwarden of the parish or place in which it is proposed to erect or make any such new mill, magazine, or storehouse, or of ao adjoining parish, if the place shall be extra-parochial, which overseer or churchwarden is hereby required to cause such notice to be publickly read on the Sunday next ensuing, in the parish church after divine service), from time to time, to licence the erecting or making such mills, magazines, or storehouse*, for making or keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder in such places, not being within London or JVit/latht*

)tr, or any other limits within Great Britain, herein before particularly described, as to such justices shall appear most proper hr that purpose.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no proviso. person shall be liable to any penalty or profanation under this

aft, for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder, without such licence of the justices, in any magazine or storehouse already built or used for that purpose, in any place not being within London and Westminster^ and the other limits within Great Bri-toin % herein before particularly described, until the expiration of six calendar months after an adjudication by the justices of the peace, for the county or other division, in which any such magazine or storehouse shall be, at their general quarter-sessions of the peace, that the same is dangerous (it being hereby declared they shall not have authority to make any such adjudication, except on complaint made to them of any such magazine or storehouse, by same householder of the parish or place in which the magazine or storehouse shall be; and, after due fam-monsof the owner or owners of the magazine or storehouse complained cf, to answer such complaint and examination, on oath of the witnesses produced to support or invalidate such complaint), and also that no person shall be liable at any time to any penalty or prosecution whatsoever, for keeping unlimited

quart-

XHTees of magazines to make void agreements, giving three moatoa tic*.

No outward-

bound vessel to have above5 lb, of gun* powdefon board before fbc reaches BtackwalU

war have a

greater quan* tity on returning.

Searchers for unlawful quantities of powder to be appointed.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 35. [1770.

quantities of gunpowder without such licence of the justices of the pence, in any magazine or storehouse erected by appoint* snent of the justices of the peace under the power given to them, by any of the former acts regulating the keeping and carriage or gunpowder.

VI. And whereas leases, er agreements for leases % may have been made of magazines, storehouses, or other places for keeping gunpowder, and, in consequenu of this act, it may become unlawful to keep unlimited quantities of gunpowders in same of such magazines, flare-honfesy or places; be it therefore enacted, That in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the lessee or tenant of any such magazine, storehouse, or place for keeping gunpowder, to make void any such lease or agreement, upon giving three ca* lendar months notice in writing to the leflor or owner of such magazine, storehouse, or place, of the desire of the tenant to have such lease or agreement determined; and upon paying to such lector or owner, all rents and sums of money which shall become due for the same, to the time of determination limited in such notice, and upon performing all covenants and agreements on the part of the lessee or tenant to that time.

VII. And, for security of the great number of ships and oeffeh lying in the river Thames, and of the dockyards, wharfs, and build-ings, on the fits of the Thames above Blackwall; be it further enacted, That no master or commanders of any ship or other vessel, lying in the Thames, and outward bound, shall receive or permit to be received, on board any such ship or vessel, more than twenty-five pounds of gunpowder (except for the King's service) before arrival of such ship or vessel at, over-against, or below Blackwall 5 and that the master or commander of every ship or vessel coming into the river Thames, shall (except in the case of gunpowder for the King's service) put on shore in proper places, in conformity to the restrictions of this act, all the gunpowder on board such ship or vessel, above the quantity of twenty-five pounds, either before the arrival of such ship or vef* fel at Blackwall, or within twenty-four hours (if the weather shall permit) after coming to an anchor there, or to the place of unloading the re, and shall not afterwards have onboard more than twenty-five pounds of gunpowder, (except for the King's service) on pain of forfeiting, for every offence in any of the said cases, all the gunpowder found on board above the weight of twenty-five pounds, and the barrels in which such gunpowder shall be, and also one shilling for every pound of gunpowder above the quantity of twenty-five pounds.

VIII. And, for the better iifeovery of mafiers or commanders of inward or outward bound ships, who Jbatl have gunpowder in thetr ships or yepls in the Thames, contrary to this be it further enacted, That the master, waiden, and assistants of the corpo* ration of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, in the county of Kent, for the time being, shall, from time to time, appoint one or more person or persons, a searcher or searchers, for unlawful quantities of gunpowder in ships or other vessels in the Thamex;

which

*57

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c^.

which person or persons, so appointed, are hereby authorised, at any time between sun-rising and sun-setting, to enrier any ship or vessel (except his Majesty's ships) in the river Thames above Blackwatt, and to search the same for unlawful quantities of gunpowder; and also shall have the same powers of seizing, removing to proper places, and detaining all such unlawful quantities of gunpowder found on board any such ship or vessel, and the barrels in which such gunpowder shall be, as are herein before given to persons searching for unlawful quantities of gunpowder under a warrant of a justice of peace.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all penalties created by Penalties re-this act shall be recoverable before two or more justices of the coveraWe be-peace for the county or other division in which the offence shall fwejusticesfor be committed, on proof of the offence by the oath or oaths of whereoffences one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of arc commit-the offender, and shall belong to the informer or informers pro- ted. fecuting for the same; and where the penalty shall be pecuniary

in case of nonpayment, it shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducing the penalty and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner 5 and for want of fumcient distress the offender shall be sent by such justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one monthKas such justices shall think most proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be liable No perfa, ff-to any prosecution for any offence against Shis ad, unless such able to prose-prosecution shall be commenced within fourteen days after fei- cution for of-sure of the gunpowder, or commifSon of the offence where fcoceV unlef* there shall not be any seizure; and that if any suit or action ^Sir^dayi shall be prosecuted in England against any person or persons for after seizure. any thing done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons

may plead the general issue, and give this act or the special mat- o^ueral iflaew ter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the' defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions after issue joined; and if, on demurrer, or otherwise judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover' treble costs, and have Treble costs, the like remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other cases.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, and Actions to be prosecutions, to be commenced in England against any person or tried in the persons for any thing to be done in pursuance of this act, shall county where be laid and tried in the county or place where the fad was com - offences are mitted, and shall be commenced within six calendar months af- comiUe ter the fad committed, and not otherwise.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Not foe3rtco<| ad shall not extend to any storehouse-mill or magazine belong-10 forcing houses. See*

258 Anno unaecimo ueorgii in c. 35, 30. [1770.

belonging to ing to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, wherein gunpowder, his Majesty. or Dther stores, shall be kept; or to hinder the trial of gunpowder by his Majesty's officers, as is usual for the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors; or to any mill belonging to private persons already built, and used for making gunpowder; or to any storehouses, magazines, or other offices, near or adjoin* ing to such mills; or to the magazines now erected for keeping gunpowder at Barking Creek's Mouth, in the county of EJfext and Erith Level, in the county of Kent; or to the magazines or storehouses now erected near Liverpmle, in the county of Lot-cqfier, or the city of Bristol; or to the carriage of gunpowder to or from the King's magazines under an order of the King's board of ordnance, or with forces on their march.

This act to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall begin to commence on have force on the first day of August^ one thousand seven hun-Awg. i> 1771. <jred ancj seventy*one; and that from and immediately after the commencement thereof, an act made in the fifth year of his late Act 5 Geo. 1. majesty King George the First, intituled An act for preventing the mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantum of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Westminster, or the suburbs thereof; and also an act made in the eleventh year of his Act 11 Geo. i. kte majesty King George the First, intituled An act for making more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of t; Majesty's reign, intituled An act for preventing the mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in Or near the cities of London and Westminster % ov the suburbs thereof; and also lb much of an act made in the fifth year of his CUufc in aft kte majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the 5 Geo. a. better regulation and government of pilots Ucensed by the corporation

of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, in the county of Kent; end to prevent mischiefs and annoyances upon the river of Thames behw London Bridge, as relates to the having and featching for gunpowder on board ships or vessels in the Thames at or below Blackwali\ and also an act made in the fifteenth year of his late Act 15 Geo. a. majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for preventing the mischiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous quantities of gunpowder in of- near the cities of London and Westminster; and also an act made in the twenty-second year of his said late ma-andafta*. jesty King George the Second, intituled An act to prevent the Geo. a. mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpotv

are hereby re- der in any one place, or carrying too great quantities of gunpowder pealed. together from one place to another, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for cleaning, lighting, and watching the several streets, and other passages, on the louth side of the city of Edinburgh, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 37. 15

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to prohibit the exportation of live, and ether

fiefhprovisions, from Great Britain, a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it has been ftuni expedient It permit the free im-

portation of live tattle, and ether provisions inti this kingdom fer a limited time, and the benefit thereby intended mill be entirely frnfiroted if the exportation ef suchcattle and previfiens from this kingdom into foreign parts is net refrained; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, no person or From the pa persons whatsoever shall, directly or indirectly, export, trans- hVeoj' port, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the kingdom Britain, any of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to live ox, bull, be laden or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel or boat, in* order to be exported or carried out of the said kingdom of Great Britain, an ylive ox, bull, cow, (leer, heifer, calf, hog, or fow, or any beef, mutton, pork, hog-meat, or any flesh provision, w any cither fresh or salted, under the penalties and forfeitures herein mutton, pork, after mentioned; (that is to lay). That all the said cotnmodi- box-meat, or ties that shall be so exported, shipped, or laid on board, or Adhprovifioo. loaded to be exported, shipped, or carried out, contrary to this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders there- _ _,

in shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for each and every ox, forfeit^l-for bull, cow, steer, heifer, calf, hog, or fow; and five shillings every such ox, for every pound weight averdupoise of beef, mutton, pork, hog bull, cow, &c. meat, or other flesh provision, whether fresh or salted, and so in proportion for any greater quantity which (halt be so exported, shipped, or put on board to be exported; and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same: and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called, such

penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or before the justices of aflise, or at the great

sessions in Wales, or by information at any general quarter-sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and in such suit no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of summary bill, or information, in the courts of session or exchequer in Scotland: and that the matter and mariners of any such ship, boat, or vessel, wherein any such offence shall be committed, knowing such offence, and wittingly and wilfully aiding and assisting the reunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any such courts as aforesaid, shall bfc imprisoned for the space of three months, without bail or mainprize.

i6o Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 37* [177a

Officers of the

II. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That just1° it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, being an fficer or officers of the customs, or being lawfully au-not allowed to thorised in this behalf by the lord high treasuror of Great Britain', be tmnsport- or the of of the treasury for the time being, or any d. three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the said

commodities, not allowed to be exported by this act, as he or they shall hapen to find, know, or discover, to be laid on board -any ship or other vessel or boat at lea, or in any port, or many navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported, transported, or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent of this act, and to bring the said goods.to the king's warehouse or warehouses belonging to the custom-house next to the place where such seizures mall be made, or to some other safe place (where there are no such warehouses), in order to be proceeded against according to law; and, in case of recovery, to be divided in manner as aforesaid.

Kothing here-

III. Provided always, That this a A, or any thing herein in contained contained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation of such or shall extend to so much of the said commodities as shall be necessary to be car-«pomVonof*n and *P or ^Ps» or othr vessel or vessels, in their re-.commodities speAive voyages, for the sustenance, diet, and support of the nectary to be commanders, matters, mariners, passengers, or others, in the carried in same ships or vessels only, or for the viAuallingor providing any mips of war, Of Majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vessels in his Majesty's service, or for his Majesty's forces, forts, or garrisons; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. motto any

IV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con-oeek, ^>rt, tained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to ship and IreUnd; 11 or Put on ^oar<^ any commodities aforesaid to be carried

coast wife; (that is to say) from any port, creek, or member of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other port, creek, or member of the same respectively, having such or the like coast cocquet, or fufierance for that purpose; and such or the like sufficient security being first given for the landing and discharging of the same, in Tome other port, member, or creek, of the said kingdoms, and returning a certificate in iix months, as is required by law, in cases where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation are carried coast wife from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise. nor to extend V. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contain-to commodi- ed, shall not extend to any of the said commodities which shall ported to g£^or shipped to be exported out of or from Great Bri-

brattar. Mi-" tain 10 Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto any of his Majesty's islands norca, or to or colonies in America, that have usually been supplied with any America.'of the said comrribdities from Great Britain, for the sustentation of the inhabitants of the said islands, colonies, or dominions, or for the benefit of the British fishery in those parts only, so as the exporter do before the shipping or laying on board the same, declare the islands, colonies, or dominions, for which the said commodities are respectively designed, and do become bound

with

2

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 37; x6x

with other sufficient security in treble the value thereof, to the*of or chief officer or officers of his Majesty's customs belonging to the port or place where the same shall be shipped or put on board, (who hath or have hereby power to take such security in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use) that such commodities shall not be landed or fold in any parts whatsoever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, islands, or colonies, for which the same shall be so declared; and that a certificate, under the hand and seal of the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, or if no such, of the naval officer, or some other principal officer of the port where the same shall be landed, shall, within the respectives times herein after for that purpose mentioned (the danger of the Teas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the said bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the same shall be so declared; and for the taking such security, and forgiving such certificates (which the respective officers aforesaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward shall be demanded or received; and if any officer shall make any false certificate of such commodities being so landed, Officers mak-such officer shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and lose his employment, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, forfeit »ooL his heirs or successors, in any office relating to the customs: and if any person shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any such cer- person8 fa|fi. tificate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased, or tying certifi-false certificate, he frail forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, cates shall for-and such certificate shall be void and of no effect: which saidcit ao° penalties for offences committed in Great Britain, shall be recovered in the same courts, and in the same manner as the other penalties inflicted by this act are recoverable$ and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe,

shall be recovered in the higfh court of admiralty, or in any chief court of civil or criminal jurisdiction, in such respective colonies, plantations, or dominions, and shall be divided into equal moieties betweenhis Majesty and the informer; and the said bond or bonds, if not prosecuted within three years, shall be void.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex-Piwifo. tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of England trading to thtEaJl Indies from exporting any of the said commodities to any of their forts, factories, or settlements, for the fopport of the persons redding the re, so as the like security be given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That the commissioners of the customs for the time being shall, ers to gue pmd they are hereby required to give a full and true account, account to In writing, to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of parliament ihe next session thereof, of all cattle and other provisions that of^attle?6ic,

Vol. XXIX. L shall exported.

How certificates of landing commodities to be returned*

[Proviso.]

Penalties and forfeitures, how to be recovered and applied*

[Proviso.]

Limitation of actions*'

[General issue.]

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1770.

before that time be exported to any place whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any of the liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all certificates of the landing and discharging of the said commodities to be exported, other than coastwise, shall be returned within the respective times following; (that is to lay,) where the bonds are taken in respect of any of the said commodities to be exported from Great Britain to any of the said colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Aimer-ca, within twelve calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within six calendar months after the date of such bonds respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no salted provisions which shall be exported by virtue of this act shall be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and for the recovery and application whereof no other provision is herein before made, shall be sued for and recovered, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer in Scei!axd\ and that the respective courts before whom the same shall be recovered, may, and are hereby authorised, if they shall think fir, to mitigate all or any of the pecuniary penalties herein before inflisted, to any sum not less than one-fourth part of the sura herein respectively mentioned; and that one moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, shall be to the mfc of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, or give information of, or discover the offence.

XI. Provided always, That all suits, prosecutions, or informations, for offences committed against this act, shall be commenced and made within the space of six calendar months after the fast is committed, and not otherwise; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of four calendar months next after the offence shall be committed; and if such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain, called England, the defendant or defendants, in any such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been

done,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38. 163

done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants j and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any de- Treble costs, fendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law; and if such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such affion or suit shall be brought shall allow the defender to plead this act in his defence; and if the pursuer shall not insist on his action, or if judgement shall be given against such pursuer, the defendant shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by 4/iy such action or suit.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Commence* That this act shall continue until the twentieth day after the mcn?nd commencement of the next session of parliament. o^hu a£L*

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for the better support and cjtabtijbmnt of the Greenland and whale JiJhery.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the fra importation of fim, oil, and blubber

of whaks, and the oil-flam and other produce of foals, and ether creatures, taken or caught in the Greenland seas, and Davis's Straights, and the bounties given by former all: of parliament for the encouragement of his Majesty's subjects to carry on and improve the Greenland and whale fisheries, have been found of great advantage to the navigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom, and further encouragements are necessary to support and efiaOlish the fnd fishe* rits; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by From Dec. 5 and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern- w*. persona poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and ^]^1rporc by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful »hale fins, to and for any person or persons, far and during the space of fif- See. teen years, to be competed from the twenty-fifth day of Decern- caught in the hcr> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, to import fc£c&cain whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, teal oil, feat skins or any British ships other produce of feais, or other fish or creatures, taken or caught the capta*m in the said Greenland seas, or Davis?s Straights, or in any parts of and one third the seas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, in British ships, where- of the marl-of the captain or matter, and one third part at the least of the be mariners are British subjects, without paying any custom, fubfi-, [thout pay-dy, or other duty for the same, during the said term of fifteen \ng custom. years; any law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary thereof not- during fifteen withstanding. years.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall c ta5n extend, or be construed to extend, to give liberty of importing make oath any of the before-mentioned commodities duty-free, unless the that ail sith so captain, matter, or other commanding officer, of the ship or vef- imported were id importing the same, shall first make oath, before same or cauBht* the

Greenland feat. See,

former acts to cease.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38; [1770.

one of the of or principal officer of the customs in the port or ports of importation (who is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer such oath,) that all the whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, seal oil, seal skins, or other produce of Teals, or other fish or creatures, imported in.such ship or vessel, was really atod bona fide the fins, oil, or blubber of whales, or the skins, oil, or other produce of Teals, or other fish or creatures, caught and taken in the Taid Greenknl Teas, Davis*s Streights, or other parts of the Teas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, by the crews of such ships and vessels only, whereof the captain or matter, and one third part, at the katt, of the mariners were British subjects.

After Dec, 15.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1771, bounties That from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-granted bjr sand seven hundred and seventy one, the former bounties granted by any act or acts of parliament for the encouragement of the said Greenland or whale fishery, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or allowed (except in such cases only where especial provision is made for the same by this act,) and in lieu and instead thereof, the several respective bounties herein after mentioned, shall be paid and allowable under the several rules BrttUh ships to and restrictions herein after exp re fled and directed; (that is to be visited by say) every British ship or vessel that shall, within the tunc limit-officers of the gd {, y this ad, proceed from any port of Great Britain on the fore°they pro- whale fiflwy to the Greenland seas, or Davis*s Streights^ and the oeed on their adjacent leas, manned and navigated as aforesaid, shall, before (he proceed on such voyage, or be intitled to the benefit of this act, be visited by the proper officer or officers of the customs belonging to such port, who shall examine into such ship, or vessel, and take an account of the tonnage thereof by admeasurement, and shall certify such his or their vifiration, examination, and admeasurement, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs; and if it appear by the certificate of such officer or officers, that (he hath on board such a number of men, provisions, boats, fishing-]ine$, and instruments to be used in such fishery as herein after are mentioned, that (he is strongly built, and otherwise a proper ship for such voyage and fishery, and hath on board, among her crew, a sufficient number of harpooners, fteerfmen, and line-managers, who have before been employed in such voyages (the names of such persons to be contained in such certificate,) and if it further appear by the oath of one or more owner or owners, and of the matter or chief officer of such ship, written at the foot of such certificate, and made before the coliedor or comptroller of such port (who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same,) that it is really and truly their firm purpose and determined resolution, that such ship shall, as soon as licence shall be granted, forthwith proceed, so manned, furnished, and accoutred, in a voyage to the Gran? land seas, or Davis's Streights, or the seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching season, to use the utmost endeavours of themselves and their ship's company to take whales, or other

voyage to Greenland.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38. 165

creatures living in the sea, and on no other design or view of profit in such voyage, and to import the whale fins, oil and blubber thereof, into the kingdom of Great Britain, (naming the port to which it is their intention to return ;,) and if the master, after such certificate had, and oath made, do also become bound, with two sufficient securities, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the penalty of such sum as shall be equal to treble the bounty intended by this act, (which bond the said colleAor, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be in force for the term of three years against the mafier and sureties, for the faithful dealing of the said mafier and ship's company, in regard to the said ship and voyage;,) then, and in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful for any Commission-three or more of the commissioners of the customs in Englanders °* c«f-or Scotland respectively, for the time being, on receiving such certificates and oaths made, and it being certified to them by the master to pro. collector and comptroller of such port, that sufficient security ceed, sufficient hath been given as aforesaid, to give and grant, and they arc securities be-hereby required to give and grant, to the master and owners of in& £, vcn-such ship, full licence and authority to proceed on such voyage as aforesaid.

IV. And to prevent any disputes that may arise, whether a ship be Ships of too property qualified, and duly fitted out for the whale fishery> according t°n* burthen to the true intent and meaning of this act, and intitled to a certificate bc ffcU> thereof from the custom-house officers, it is hereby enacted, That

evefy (nip of the burthen of two hundred tons, designed for this fishery, shall, and is hereby obliged to have on board forty fishing lines, of one hundred and twenty fathom each, forty harpoon irons, four boats, with seven men (including a harpooner, a steersman, and a line-manager, to each boar, making in the whole twenty-eight men, besides the master and surgeon) with six months provisions, at the least, for such number of men; and every ship of larger burthen an increase of fix men, one boat, ten such lines, and ten harpoon irons more, for every fifty tons above the said two hundred tons, together with provisions in proportion; and every ship, which shall be lo employed in the said fishery, shall have on board an apprentice, indentured for the space of three years, at the least, for every fifty tons burthen, who shall be accounted as one of the number of men required to be on board such ship as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That On return of on the return of such ship to the port to which the master and such

mate declared, on oath, their intention to return, the proper of- ^uftonuto ficers of the customs, at such port, shall immediately repair on inf^a her board, and view the condition of such ship and her lacting, and condition and certify the same, together with their observations thereon, as also lacting, the real tonnage of the said ship; and the said officers are also to take an account or schedule of the names of the master, mate, and other persons on board, distinguishing therein the harpoon-ers and persons more immediately employed in the said fishery, and to certify the same; and the master and mate shall make

166

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1770.

oath before the collector and comptroller (who are hereby empowered and required to administer the same) on the back of, or annexed to the licence granted as aforesaid, which they are hereby then required to deliver up, that they did, in pursuance thereof, (mentioning the day of their departure) proceed in a voyage directly to the places aforesaid, and have not fioce been on any other voyage, or pursued any other design, or view of profit and that they did there (mentioning the time of their stay in those Teas) u(e their utmost endeavour of themselves, and their ships company, to take whales, and other creatures living in those Teas 5 and that all the whale fins, oil, and blubber, imported, (if any) in such ship, was really and bona fide caught and taken in the said seas, by the crew of such ship only, or with the a (finance of the crew of same other British ship licensed for that voyage, pursuant to the directions of this act; all which schedule, certificate, licence, and oath, shall be transmitted by the collector and comptroller of such port, to the respective of for that part of Great Britain from whence the ship departed with her licence; and such of being fully satisfied of the faithful dealings of the raafter, and other person* employed in such ships, with respect to such voyage and fishery, shall, on demand, cause payment to be made to the mailer or owners, or to his or their aligns, by the receiver-general of the customs for that part of Great Britain from whence the ship departed, the bounty or premium following, according to the ad-Bounty on measurement of such ship duly certified as aforesaid; (that ii to

veflets 40^. say) for every such ship as shall proceed on the said fishery, from

per ton, from the twenty-fifth day of December* one thousand seven hundred toDsc?91*/71 aiK* seventy*ol^» to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-x776.*59 sand seven hundred and seventy-six, the sum of forty shillings From Dec. is, pfr ton; and for every such ship, as shall proceed on the said > 776 to Dec.*fishery, from the twenty-fifth day of Dectmbir, one thousand seven5- <781, 30s. hundred and seventy-six, to the twenty-fifth day of December

per ton. Qnc thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the sum of thirty

From Dec. »5l shillings per ton; and for every such ship as shall proceed on the Z*786, ios. the twenty-fifth day of Dumber, one thousand

per ton/ seven hundred and eighty-one, to the twenty-fifth day of /)/-ember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the sum of twenty shillings per ton.

No person to

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the receive boun- authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be allowed Slip fail " from or to the bounty herein before granted, for any

the"port where ship which shall proceed upon the said whale fishery, from any inspected. part of Great Britain, after the twenty-fifth day of Deamber >one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, unlefg such ship shall fail from the port where (he shall be surveyed and cleared directly 6n her intended fishery, on or before the tenth day of / fril in each and every year, and shall continue with her crew in the Greenland seas, or Davis's Streights* or the adjacent seas, diligently endeavouring to catch whales, or other creatures living in those seas, and shall not depart from before the

167

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38.

tenth day of August then following, unless such ship shall be laden with the blubber and fins of one whale, caught by the crew thereof, or with the assistance of the crew of some other licensed ship, before that time j or shall be forced, by some unavoidable accident or nectfliry, to depart sooner from those Teas j which accident or neceility shall be verified on the oaths of the matter and mate belonging to such ship, -upon her* return from the said fishery, before the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port where (he shall arrive, who shall transmit the same, together with the schedule, licence, and other documents by this act required, to the respective of of the customs for that part of Great Britain from whence such ship departed with her licence.

VII. And whereas the dispatch of ships on the whale fishery to the Ships cleared Greenland seas9 Davis's Streights, andfeas adjacent, must of necef out before the fity be within the months of March or April*and some British ships* P^.n*

for the fake of keeping the men that have been taught the art of the of 40 s. said fishing in employ, and to prevent their going into foreign fervid* per ton. may have been fitted out from the river of Thames, or other parts of his Majestfs British dominions, and proceeded on the said whale fishery to the Greenland seas* or Davis's Streights, and seas adjacent,

since the commencement of this session of parliament and before the commencement of this act) and it will be but just and reasonable that the bounties intended to be given on the return of the ships hereafter to be fitted out on such voyage 9Should be given also to the owners of such ships, already failed upon such voyage, and not yet returned; be it therefore provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every owner or owners of any ship or ships already failed on the said voyage and fishery respectively, who have conformed themselves, in all respects, to the rules and directions prescribed by the several acts of parliament which were in force at the commencement of this act, for granting a bounty upon such ships, shall be allowed and intitled to receive the bounty of forty shillings per ton for such voyage, in the same manner as he or they would have been intitled to receive the same, if this act had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bounties how That it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of J b* settled the customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the respective reccivers-general of the customs, in case the monies cust0rn*. remaining in their hands arising from the old subsidy, shall not

be sufficient, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to satisfy the said bounty of forty shillings per ton, and thirty shillings per ton, and twenty shillings per ton, during the several periods herein before limited, payable on all ships employed in the said fiflwy, according to the directions of this present act, to pay the same out of any monies that shall be in their bands, arising from any of the duties and revenues under their management respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissioners That the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs for England and of the customs

l 4 Scotland

168 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1770.

to Jay before Scotland respectively, shall, at the beginning of every session of men^atVhe Par^ament> before both houses of parliament an account in commence, writing under their hands of what number of ships have been went of each employed in the whale fishery to Davis*5 Streights and the Green-session, what land seas, with their respective names and burthens, from whence flflb|iavef were fitted out, and at what port in Great Britain they were

been employed discharged, and also what quantity of oil, or whale fins each ship in the whale shall have imported.

fishery, &c. X. And whereas it bath been found by experience, that ships under Owners of the burthen of two hundred tons are fit for the said fishery; be it

{hips under therefore enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, That

burthen* in- CVCI7 owner or owners of any ship or ships, under the burthen tijied to'boun- two hundred ton, which shall be employed in the said fishery, ty, according who have conformed themselves in all respects to the rules and to their ad- directions herein before prescribed to the owners of ships of two measurement. hundred tons, shall be intitled to the said bounty, as herein before limited, according to the admeasurement of such ship or ships respectively.

No ship above

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-400 tons bur- foresaid, That no ship, to be employed in the said fishery, al-t'tledt> in" though (he be above the burthen of four hundred tons, shall be er bountyto a larger bounty than a ship of four hundred tons would be intitled to.

[Proviso.]

XII. Provided also, That nothing in this present act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige the owner or owners of any ship above the burthen of four hundred tons, in order to intitle him or them to the said bounty, to fit out, equip, and man, any Such ship, otherwise than as a ship of the burthen of four hundred tons only is, by this present act, required to be fitted out, equipped, and manned.

Owners may

XIII. And whereas applications, have heretofore been made to par-inlure the liament for the bounty on ships employed in the said fishery that have bounty they happened to be loft at sea before their return to Great Britain, and e uni c 0. a hath arisen whether the said bounty may be lawfully insured by the owner or owners of such ships; for obviating such doubt, and for preventing any future applications to parliament for the bounty on any such ships, be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the owner or owners of any ship employed, or designed to be employed, in the said fishery, to insure the bounty which such owner or owners would be intitled to upon the return of such ship to the port to which the mafier and mate of such ship shall have declared on oath their intention to return, and on the performance of all other matters directed and appointed by this present act to be performed for obtaining the said bounty.

After Dec. ? 5.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1771, lor 15 That from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-SaYdout h*om ^ant* kven hundred and (cventy-one, for and during the spaee America to be fi^teen years, to be computed from the said twenty-fifth day inspected by of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, $he officer* at every

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38, 169

every ship built or fitted out in any of his Majesty's domi- the respective nions in America, not being more than two years old from P01* the first building thereof, that proceeds from any port in his Majesty's American dominions on the fishery aforesaid, manned and navigated as by the laws now in force is directed* which shall, before (he proceeds on such voyage, be visited by the proper officer or officers of the customs belonging to such port, who shall take an account of the tonnage thereof in such manner as is herein before directed concerning British ships which should be intitled to the benefits of this act, and shall certify such his or their visitation, examination, and admeasurement, to the governor or commander in chief of the place where such ship shall be fitted out, or to the naval officer or such port; and if it appear, by the said certificate of such officer or officers, that (he had, at the time of giving such certificate, on board such a number of men, provisions, boats, fishing*lines, and instruments, to be used in such fishery as is herein before required of British ships which Should be intitled to the benefit of this present act, and that (he is a ship strongly built, and otherwise a ship proper for such voyage and fishery, and had, at the time of granting the said certificate, on board, among her crew, such a number of harpooners, fteerfmen, and line-managers, who had before been employed in such voyages, (the names of such persons to be contained in such certificate) according to the directions aforesaid concerning British ships to be employed in the said fishery; and if the owner or owners, and matter, or chief officer of such ship, shall, in writing, at the foot of such certificate, make such oath before the governor, commander in chief, or naval officer, (who are hereby impowered and required to administer such oath,) as is herein before required of the owner or owners, and matter, or chief officer of such British ship as aforesaid, and like wife that such ship is not more than two years old from the first building thereof; and if the matter shall like-wife, after such certificate had, and oath made, become bound with such furetiesin such penalty and eondition as herein before is required to be given by the matter of such British ships as aforesaid, which said bond is hereby required to be taken by the governor, or commander in chief, or naval officer of such place, from whence the said ship is so fitted out; then, and in all such cases, it shall and maybe lawful for the said governor, or commander in chief, or naval officer, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the matter and owners of such ship, full licence and authority to proceed on such voyage.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the arrival of such ship at the port in Great Britain to Qn he ar_ which the said matter and mate declared on oath they intended rival of such to proceed after their intended voyage to the Greenland seas, or ship at the to Davis's Streights, or to the seas adjacent, or on their arrival port in Bri-at some other port of Great Britain where they shall unload, the ta*n mtcn<lc<t proper officers of the customs of such port shall proceed in such

manner*

The like bounty to be paid* accord* [to such

170 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1770.

Cufon-house manner, and make such schedule as is herein before dracted, officers (hell concerning British ships who were to be intitled to the benefits such of this act; and such schedule, certificate, licence, and oath, f<£e deeded?" be ttanfinitted to l^e respective of of his Majesty's custotns for that part of Great Britain in which inch ship shall arrive, after her said voyage to the Greenland fcas, or Davis's Streights, or the seas adjoining; and such commissioners being Satisfied of the faithful dealings of the mailer, and other per ions employed in such ships, with respect to such voyage and fishery, shall, on demand, cause payment to be made to the mailer, or owners, or to his or their affigos, by the receiver-general of the cuiloms of that part of Great Britain at which the said ship shall arrive as aforesaid, of the like sum per ton, according to the admeasurement of such ship duly certified as aforesaid, and in like ingto such manner, as to the owners and mailers of British ships who are veQers ad- intitled to the said bounties by virtue of this present act irea uremen.yjVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^lTto'Sl* on" That all ships that shall be fitted out in Anteriea for the said fish-hcr intended cry* after having conformed to all the aforesaid rules and revoyage before (trillions, shall fail from such port where surveyed directly 00 May*her intended fishery on or before the first day of May* and shall not depart or leave Davis's Streights or Greenland, and seas adjacent, before the twentieth day of August % unless such ship shall be laden with the blubber and fins of one whale, caught by the crew thereof, cr with the assistance of the crew of (ome other licensed ship before that time, or Should meet with any unavoidable accident, so as to endanger the lives of the ship's crew, which accident, shall be declared on the oaths of the mailer and mate, carpenter, harpooners, line-managers, boat-ftecrers, and surgeon, belonging to such ship, upon her return from the said fishery, before the collector and comptroller of the cuiloms at the port where (he shall arrive, who shall transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's cuiloms in England or Scstlonl respectively; and in case of any irregular proceeding contrary hereunto^ every ship so offending shall lose the benefit of this bounty.

XVII. And for the further encouragement of the whale fi/btrji»the gulf and river of Saint Lawrence, and on the caajls of his Ah-

For encouragement of the whale

fiffie in the jeftfs colonies in America, be it further enacted by the authority gulfof Saint aforesaid, That for and during the space of fifteen years, to be

gui

wrence.

computed from the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, it shall and may be lawful, to and for any person or persons, to import in flaps belonging to his Majesty's subjects, (whereof the captain or matter, and three-fourths of the mariners, are his Majesty's subjects) whale fins, taken from whales caught by any of his Majesty's may be im- subjects in the gulf or river of Saint Lawrence9 or in any seas onlie coa's any his Majesty's colonies in America, without navi no- mar paying any cust0m, subsidy, or duty, for the same, other than

and except the rate or duty commonly called The Old Subfufy, granted by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of

King

Whale fins

paying more custom, than the sub-iady granted

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 38. 17*

King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement.^ % ^of the Greenland and Eastland trades^ and for the better securing il# 5

the plantation trade9 for and during the term aforesaid j any law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Oath to be thority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall ex- made by the tend, or be construed to extend, to allow the importation of such whale fins without paying any custom, subsidy, or duty, o- really taken in ther than and except the said rate or duty commonly called The the golf of Old $ubfiiy9 unless the captain, mailer, or other commanding of- StXawreiice* ficer of the ship or vessel, or the person importing the same, shall first make oath before one of the principal officers of the customs in the port or ports of importation, (who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer such oath) that all the whale fins imported in such ship or vessel were, to the belt of his knowledge and belief, really, and bona fide, the fins of whales caught and taken in the gulf or river of Saint Lawrence, or in the leas or the coasts of some of his Majesty's colonies in America, by the crew of such ships and vessels only, whereof the owner or owners, the captain or matter, and three-fourths of the mariners, were his Majesty's subjects.

XIX. And whereas the Greenland fishery trade cannot be carried Harpooner*, on without a certain number of men who are used to the said fishery, line.manager, which nei/erthelefs9 is intended as a nursery of able and hardy seamen boat-fteerers, for the publick service in the royal navy; be it therefore enacted bynd kjk*

the authority aforesaid, That no harpooner, line-manager, or boat-fteerer, who shall be in, or belong to any ship or vessel in the Greenland fishery trade, and whose name, (dittinguittiing the capacity in which the person so named, is to ad,) shall be inferred in a list, which is hereby required to be delivered on oath, by the owner of such ship, to the collector of the customs at the port from which such ship is intended to proceed upon the said fishery, (which oath such collector is hereby impowered and required to administer,) shall be impressed from the said service; and that any such harpooner, line-manager, or boat-fteerer, may, during the time of the year that he or they are not employed in the said fishery, fail in the colliery trade, upon giving security, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, that he or they will proceed in the said ship or vessel to the Greenland seas, or Davis's Streights, on the whale fishery the next season: and that every seaman, or common mariner, who after the first day of February in any year during the continuance of this act, shall be entered to serve on board any ship, which shall be intended to proceed on the said fishery in the following season, whose name shall be inserted in a list to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given security, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, to proceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be privileged, and exempt from being impressed from or out of the said service, from the said first day of February, till after the expiration of the then next season for the J

terrCi like regulations as from Carolina.

172 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 39; [1770.

the said fishery, and until the voyage home from thence shall be fully compleated and ended, and no longer; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIX. r An act to amend an act made in the last session of parUamt,

intituled An act for extending like liberty in the exportation of rice from East and West Florida to the southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former acts of parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

Preamble TXT WHEREAS by an act made in the last session of parlimnt, r (intituled An act for extending like liberty in the exportation of rice from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former acts of parliament to Carolina and ( Georgia>) it is enacted, That it shall and may Rice may be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects, in such manner as is there-exported from in particularly mentioned, to ship or load rice in the said province ej the Florida* to jraft or West Florida, and to carry the same directly to any pert of^ape Finif- fout^wafd of Cape Finisterre in Europe, without carrying the fm under to QnJ ether of his Majesty's plantations in America, or to Great Britain: and whereas the produce of rice, and the exportation there: f, pviy be greatly encouraged for the mutual benefit of this kingdom arj the said province, if like liberty or licence was extended to the tarrying the same directly to any part of America, to the southward of tkt provinces ^Carolina or Georgia, without bringing the same frft b Great Britain; may it therefore please your most excellent Mojtly that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament During the assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, during the continuance of continuance of the said recited act of the last session of parlia- Act 10° Geo. ment, rice shall also be permitted or allowed to be exported from b^ex Fredas Majesty's provinces of East and West Florida directly to any thereuTdi- Part America southward of South Carolina or Georgia, without rested, carrying the same to any other of his Majesty's plantations in America, or to Great Britain, by such persons, in such ships and vessels, in the same manner, and to such foreign countries and places, and under such entries, securities, restrictions, regulations, limitations, duties, penalties and forfeitures, as are in an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for granting, for a limited time, a liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's provinces of South Carolina and Georgia directly to any part of America, to the southward of the said province], subject to the like duty as is now paid on the exportation of rice Urn the said colonies to places in Europe situate to the Southward o/Cape Finisterre;,) particularly mentioned, referred' to, described, appointed, limited, or enacted, for that purpose, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as.if the several dauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto,

under the restrictions contained in act 40 Geo. III.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. C40. 173

were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the body of this present act.

CAP. XL.

An act for the more effectually preventing the counterfeiting the copper coin of this realm.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the coining, or counterfeiting, any of the copper monies of this realm being punishable only as a misdemeanor, the practice thereof hath of late years greatly prevailed, and is likely to continue to increase, to the great prejudice of trade, and the manifest wrong and injury of his Majesty's subjects: for redr ifs of which grow* ing mischief, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Persons after and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons June4-. 1771* shall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June* one thou- counterfeiting sand/even hundred and Seventy* one, make, coin, or counter- TCnoeorfar-feit, any of the copper monies of this realm, commonly called things, an halfpenny, or a farthings such person or persons offending to be adjudg-therein, and his, her, or their counsellors, aiders, abettors, and '"lth the T

procurers, foil be adjudged guilty of felony. t^offclony!

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^if any person or persons shall, from and after the said twenty- baying, fell-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy- ing, or putting one, buy, fell, take, receive, pay, or put off any counterfeit cop- ° counter-per money, not melted down, or cut in pieces, at or for a low- no, elr» er rate or value than the same, by its denomination, doth or shall import, or was counterfeited for, every such person and C€ persons shall be adjudged guilty of felony. fonyj

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. on

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one justice of the complaint of peace, on complaint made before him, upon the oath of one persons con-credible person, that there is just cause to suspect that any one cerne<1.or more person or persons is, or hath been concerned in coun- £ cauflf terfeiting the copper monies of this realm, by warrant under their houses his hand, to cause the dwelling-house, room, ivork/hop, out- tobefcarched* house, yard, garden, or other place, belonging to such suspected person or persons, to be iearched for tools and implements for coining such copper monies; and if any such tools or implements shall at any time be found hid, or concealed, in anyplace so searched, or be found in the custody or possession of any person or persons whatsoever, not then employed in the coining of money in some of his Majesty's mints, nor having the same by some lawful authority, that then it shall and maybe lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever discovering the same, Persons dif-to seize, and he and they are hereby authorised and required to covering tools Seize the same, and to carry them forthwith to some justice of or instruments the peace of the county, city, or place, where the same shall be "^cleize the Seized, who shall cause the lame to be secured, and produced in m9evidence again# any person or persons who shall or may be prosecuted

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 41. [1770.

(rented for any of the offences aforesaid, in some court of justice

proper for the determination thereof; and after such time as they, or any of them, shall have been produced in evidence* as

well the same so produced as the other so seized and not made

ufc of, in evidence, and every of them, shall forthwith, by order

of that court where such offender or offenders shall be tricS, or

which shall be by order of such or some other justice of the peace, in case there

defaced and be no such trial, be defaced and destroyed, or otherwise disposed

as of as such court, or such justice, shall dire, jutttce shall

CAP. XLL

An act to explain An act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Ftrfi* intituled An act giving further encouragement for the importation of naval stores, and for other purposes therein mentioned, so far as relates to the importation of unuuam-faBured wood of the growth and produB of America; and to explain so much of An act made in the twentysixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant seas, as relates to the importation of raw silk and mohair yam landed at certain places therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by An act made in the eighth year of the reign of Att 8 Geo. i. T V his late majesty King George the First* intituled An act giving further encouragement for the importation of naval stores, and for other purposes therein mentioned, various forts of wood and timber* and of the goods commonly called lumber* in (be said aB particularly enumerated* being the growth and produB of his Majesty's British plantations or colonies in America, may be imported direct, from thence free of all cufims and impositions whatsoever: end whereas mahogany* and various forts of American wood* are become very useful and necessary to cabinet-makers and other artificers in this kingdom* and it would tend to the improvement of the menu-faBures thereof* and to the more comfortable support and maintenance of great numbers of his Majesty's British subjects employed in the making and working of such goods, and to toe increase of the exportation thereof into foreign parts* when so manufaBured here* if liberty was fitten to import such goods from all parts of America dutyfree; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and From Sept.»9, by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-1771, unma- ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and seven-n, jS?UrCdh ty-onc» lt an<* may lawful for any person or persons to imported from jmPor5 into this kingdom directly, from any part of America, America, in British vessels, navigated according to law, any sort of un-manufactured wood, being 'the growth and product of America except mads, (CXcept malls, yards, and bowsprits) without paying any subsidy,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 41. 175

custom, or other duty whatsoever for the same, any law, without pay-custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby funher enacted by DuJ entry to the authority aforesaid, That a due entry of Inch goods shall be be made in the first made in the custom-house belonging to the port where the custom-house same shall be imported, in the same manner and form, express - at the P°rt* ing the quantities and qualities of the respective goods, as was imp°l*used and practised before making of this act, and the find goods

shall be landed in the presence of the proper officer appointed for that purpose, otherwise fitch goods shall be liable to the payment of the same duties as would have been due and payable for the same, if this act had not been made.

III. And whereas several panels of mahogany of the growth and Mahogany of produce of the hay ^Honduras have been imported into the port ^hesy'of °* London since the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and Honduras, im-seventy, for which the importers have paid or depositei the duties pay- ported to the able thereon with the proper officers of the atstoms; and it is reason- port of Lon-able that the importers of such mahogany Should receive the benefit in -

tended by this act* be it therefore further enacted by the autho- the duties j rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commis- Commission-sioners of the customs, or any four of them, to order the said cf* duties so paid or deposited to be repaid 5 and such officers are ^be rerndd" hereby authorised and required to repay the same to the im- "F* porters of such mahogany, or to any other person legally authorised to receive the same.

IV. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the twenty'firth Act 16 Geo. s. year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second* intituled,

An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant seas, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That no goods or merchan- Goads from difes liable to retain the inf eft ion of the plague, and coming from /fo the Levant, Levant without a clean bill of health, shall be landed at any part Great Britain or Ireland, or of the ifies of Guernsey, Jersey, Al- the plague, derney, Sark, or Man, unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of without ahis Majesty, his heirs or successors, or of his or their privy council, of that the said goods or merthandifes have been sufficiently opened and not ^'landed aired tn the lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, Medina, Leg- in Britain or horn, Genoa, and Marseilles, or one of them: and whereas raw Ireland.

Jslk and mohair yarn of the product and manufacture of Asia, are* by s>lk end mo. the laws now in force, prohibited to be imported into this kingdom from Jjf^e^roduft any port or place in the Streigh"ts or Levant seas* except such ports Asia^ or places as are within the dominions of the Grand Seignior, and some doubts have artfen* whether such raw ft Ik and mohair yarn, though shipped and laden in the said Straights and Levant seas* within the dominions of the Grand Seignior, can be legally imported into this kingdom, after having been landed at Malta, Ancona, Venice,

Medina, Leghorn, Genoa, or Marseilles, for the purpose of being opened and aired as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, shall be deem-any such raw silk, or mohair yarn as shall be, or have been to be im.

shipped in any port or place in the said Strtights or Levant seas, WtirT^e

within the dominions of the Grand Seignior, and which shall be Grand Seigni.

a after-or'* dominion*

where such

goods were first shipped.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1770.

afterwards boded at any or either of the places herein before particularly mentioned for the purpose of opening and airing only, and which shall be reshipped on board the same ship from which they were so landed, shall, upon importation into this kingdom, be deemed and taken to have been imported from the port or place, within the Grand Seignior's dominions, where such goods were first shipped, and not from the place where they were landed to be opened and aired; any thing in any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLII.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the last fejfinn of parliament, intituled An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the last session of parliament, j intituled An act to regulate the trials of controverted e-Actio Geo. nl. leftions, or returns of members to serve in parliament: and whereas further provisions may be necessary to prevent all obfiruftisns and difficulties, which in certain cases may arise in the execution of the said act; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excel- 1 lent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament After passing assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and hereof, com- after the passing of this act, if several parties, on distinct in- j

pliintofanun- terefts or grounds of complaint, shall present separate petitions, j

A^ttoScaod comP^aininS an undue election, or return of a member or orders to be members to serve in parliament, the same notices and orders given to par- shall be given to all such parties, or their respective agents, as ties and their by the said act are directed to be given to the fitting mem-agents. bers, or^petitioners therein mentioned, or their respective agents.

Claofe in aft II- And be it further enacted, That the clause in the said act .10 Geo. III. which provides, that no petition shall be taken into canfidera-repealed. tien within fourteen days after the appointment of the committee of privileges, be repealed; and that from henceforth no petition, complaining of an undue election, or return of a member or members to serve in parliament, shall be taken into consideration within fourteen days after the commencement of the session of parliament, in which it is presented, nor within fourteen days after the return to which it relates, shall be brought into the office of the clerk of the crown, ffatthetimeof And he lt father enacted, That if at the time of draw-

drawing 49 ing by lot the names of the members in manner prescribed by members can- the said act, the number of forty-nine members, not set aside nJ>t be com- nor excused, cannot be compleated, the house shall proceed in Souse to pro- fae manner they arc directed by the said act to proceed, in case' ceed in manner there be less than one hundred members present at the time directed by act therein prescribed for counting the house j and so, from day to 10 Geo. III. jayf as 0ft€l! as the case shall happen.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 424 177

IV. And be it further enacted, That on the day appointed On the day ap.

for taking any petition, complaining of an undue election or P°, nfed for^return of a member or members to serve in parliament, into pSnT*<^mt, consideration, the house shall not proceed to any other business due elections, whatsoever, except the swearing of members previous to the the hoafe ihaJl reading of the order of the day for that purpose. n°r to

V. And be it further enacted, That if the fclcCk committee previous to*shall have occasion to apply or report to the hbuse, in relation reading the to adjournment of the said select committee, the absence of the order, members thereof, or the non-attendance or misbehaviour of?VJannero^1* witnesses summoned to appear, or appearing before them, and fele&com- the house shall be then adjourned for more than three days, the mittee.

said select committee may also adjourn to the day appointed for the meeting of the house.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if on a complaint by ifoncomplaint petition of an undue election or return, there shall be more of undue elec-than two parties beftge the house, on distinct interest, or com- tien therefliaU plaining or complained of upon different grounds, whose right

to be elected or returned may be affeCked by the determination on dlitindt in-of the said feleCk committee, each of the said parties shall fuc* terect, ceflively strike off a member from the forty-nine members to be P*rty chosen by lot, until the said number be reduced to thirteen, in^member ° the same manner as by the said act is directed for the striking off from the 49, a member alternately by the parties therein mentioned; and successively, the lifts of the forty-nine members chosen by lot, shall, for this until educed purpose, be given to all the said parties, and the order in whicht0 the said parties shall so strike off the said members shall be determined by lot after they are withdrawn from the bar, and in such case, neither of the said parties (there being more than two) shall be permitted to name a member to be added to the members so drawn by lot as aforesaid; but that as soon as the lift of thir- When the lift teen members shall be returned by the parties to the house, such*returned to thirteen members shall immediately withdraw, and shall themselves chuse two members then present in the house, whose to withdraw} names shall not have been drawn, to be added to the said1 thir- and, within teen members; and shall, within one hour from the time ofonc h°ur» re-their withdrawing, report the names of such two members to 0° fuchtwo1* the house} which two members, shall be liable to be set afidemember*, on the like objections, for which nominees may be set aside by virtue of the said act: and in case such two members, or either cafc fucj, of them, shall be set aside for any of the causes aforesaid, then two members the said thirteen members shall chuse one or two other mem- he set a-bers, as the case shall require, until two members are chosen, ^ofeothenr* against whom none of the objections to nominees mentioned in untiftwo^V the said act shall be taken and allowed; and that the names of chosen. such two members $iall be then added to the said lift of thirteen members; and all the said fifteen members shall be sworn at the table, and they shall be the select committee appointed for the purposes expressed in this and the said former act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where the said nomi- where the

Vol. XXIX. M nets nominees art

i?8 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 4} — 45. [1770.

directed to ncet are by this act directed to be named by the said thirteen ao member meB»bers» no member present at the time of the ballot shall de-to depart till Part fro the house until the time for the meeting of the bid fe-the time of led committee shall be fixed, meeting of the felcft committee is filed.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for establishing a house or houses of industry in the Me of Wight, for the reception, maintenance, and employment of the poor bdonging to the fevers] parities, and places, wuhin the said island.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for the better paving, repairing, and cleaning the Amts, lance, alleys, and other publick paCagee, within that part of the town of Wakefield. in the county of York, which lies within the east end of Westgate Bridge, the fou: h side of Northgate Bar, the north end of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the west riding of the said county of York) and the extreme part of the township of Wakefield a fore fa id, leading from Wrengate towards East Moor $ for prr- j venting nuisances and annoyances therein, ami for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

CAP. XLV.

An act for improving and completing the navigation of the I rivers Thames and Isis from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the carrying on and regulating the navigation of the rivers Thames and Isis from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, was in and by an act of parliament made and passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, inti tied, an act for the better carrying on and regulating the navigation of the rivers Thames and Isis from the city of London westward to the town of Cfick-lade, in the tomty of Wilts, vejled in certain commissioners therein of-pointed^ whoy for wait of proper powers, have not been able to prevent frequent abuses and exactions being committed by the owners of several towing-paths and other passages on the banks of the said riveri, and by the owners of locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates and other engines, in and upon or near adjoining to the said rivers, and also by several barge-masters and their fervents navigating thereon; by reefm whereof the price of water-carriage on those rivers is very much raised, and the navigation of the said rivers greatly damagedy contrary to the intent and meaning of the said act: and whereas, upon a survey and estimate made and taken of the necessary expence of making proper turnpikes, and of cleansing and tmbanking divers parts of the said rivers, and for purchasing lands for the making of towing-patbsy and of building bridges across divers jireams that empty themselves into the said riversy and for other purposes, in order to complete the navigation of the said rivers, it appears, that the same will amount to a con-fidtraHe sum of money, which cannot be raised without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. 179

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, for completing the said navigation, and for preventing all abuses and exactions relating thereto, which may render the same less useful to the publick, all members of the house of commons for the time ComtnifTion-being, that do or shall reside within the counties of Wilts, era.

Gloucester, Oxford, Berks, Bucks, Surry, and Middlesex, the representatives in parliament of the said counties for the time be* ing, the representatives in parliament of the city of London and of all towns within the said counties for xhe time being, the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London for the time being* the high bailiff of Westminster for the time being, the vice chancellor and heads of colleges or halls in the university of Oxford for the time being, the dean and canons of Chriji Church for the time being, the dean and prebendaries of Westminster for the time being, the dean and residentiaries of Saint Pams, London, for the time being, the dean and canons of Windsor for the time being, the provost and fellows of Eton College for the time being, the redors and incumbents for the time being of the several parities that border upon the Thamej, the mayors and recorders of Oxfordf Abingdon, Wallingford, Reacting, Henley, Maidenhead, and Windsor, and the bailiffs and recorder of Kingston upon Thames for the time being, the trustees or of of the river Wey, the proprietors of the said river, the mayor, aldermen, and recorder of Guilford, the bailiffs of the town of Go-dalming, and all persons who do or shall at any time rcffde, or have an estate of one hundred pounds per annum within the respective counties of Middlesex, Surry, Berks, Bucks, Oxford,

Gtcucefier, and Wilts, shall be, and are hereby constituted of for putting in execution ail and Angular the powers in this act contained; and that all and every person and persons conffuuted and appointed a commissioner or commissioners by virtue or in pursuance of this act, before he and they respectively take upon himself or themselves to act as a commissioner or commil&oners, (other than the administering the following oath to one another, which they, or any two of them, are hereby, impowered and required to do) shall take and fubiferibe the following oath:

1A.B. do swear, that I will, without favour or afsession, truly. Oath.

faithfully, and impartially execute, perform, and discharge the office and duty of a commissioner, according to the powers, authorities, and directions given and established by an ati of parliament for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Ifts from the city of London xo the town of Gr'uklale, in the county of Wilts; and that I will execute the said act, according to the best of my Jkiil and knowledge.

So help me GOD.

which oath so taken and subscribed as aforesaid shall be kept by the clerk of the peace among the records of the sessions of the

m 2 peace

i$o

Qualification of commissionera.

If disqualifiedj shall forfeit tool.

Time and place of of first meeting.

Ordinary

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1770.

peace in and for the respective counties where the lame shall be so taken and subscribed.

II. Provided always, That no person, except the mayor, aldermen of Guilford# and the bailiffs of the town of Godalming % shall alt as a commissioner in any case in the execution of this act, unless he shall be seised in his own right, or in the right of his wife, of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be heir-apparent of some person having such estate of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of three thousand pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any person shall presume to alt as a commissioner before he has taken the said oath, or if he shall have alted not being duly qualified, or whilst he was under any disqualification by this act, he shall upon con-viltion thereof, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; to be recovered by the general treasurer of the said navigation, by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at minster; and such person shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall forfeit the said sum of two hundred pounds; which sum, when recovered, after deducting of all costs and charges attending the recovery thereof, shall be applied to and for the purposes of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said of, or any seven or more of them, for the better and more orderly putting in execution the powers hereby to them given, shall, for the first time, meet on the second Thursday after the passing of this act at the town-hall of Henley upon Thames; and afterwards.

meetings bow; n tjic said year, and every subsequent year, without any previ-to be held. ous not; CCj on tfic Saturday after the twenty-fourth day of June, at the town-hall of Great Marlow, in the county of Bucks; on the first Saturday after the twenty-ninth day of September, at the town-hall of Kingston, in the county of Surrey; on the first Saturday after the twenty-fifth day of December at the town-hall of Oxford; on the first Saturday after the twenty-fifth day of March, at the town-hall of Readings in the county of Berks; which meetings, subsequent to the first-mentioned meeting, shall Commissioners be called quarterly or ordinary meetings: and at any one of the may be elc&- Taid quarterly or ordinary meetings it shall and may be lawful for any commissioner then present to propose any person to be

a commissioner, being an inhabitant of any county bordering upon the Thames or Ifa provided such person is otherwise duly qualified according to this act, or is not thereby in any manner disqualified to be elelted a commissioner; and if the person so propofeffl shall be elelted by a majority of of present at the next quarterly or ordinary meeting, he shall be a commissioner to all intents and purposes, in the same manner as if he had been appointed by this act.

Method of ad- V. And be it further enacted, That at any of the said quar-jouming. terly or ordinary meetings, and also at all general meetings, it shall and may be lawful for any seven or more of the said commissioners

x77°*l Anno undecimo Georgii III. 0, 45. 181

missioners to proceed to execute this act, and all the powers, matters, and things herein contained, and also to adjourn them-feives, from time to time, and place to place, as they shall think necessary; but in case it shall happen that seven of shall not be present at any such ordinary, or at any extraordinary or adjourned meeting the n, and in such case only, it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said of to adjourn themselves, from time to time, and place to place, as they shall think proper, until seven or more of shall meet and be present at one time, who shall adjourn themselves, from time to time, to such place, and so from place to place within the counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Berks y Buckingham, Oxford, Gloucester, and Wilts, and near to the same rivers, or some part thereof, as they shall think proper: and the said Commission-commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby im- ^xtxaor powered and authorised afterwards, at any time or times, when Saiy meetings, it shall happen that no general meeting is appointed to be held by adjournment, to appoint extraordinary general meetings of the said of for putting in execution all or any of the powers hereby in them veiled, at such times and places as they shall think proper, within any of the counties by or through which the said rivers run, upon or near the same, upon giving ten days notice in such publick newspapers as to the said of shall seem meet, of the time and place which shall be, from time to time, appointed for such extraordinary general meetings, at which the of then present shall be at liberty, and are hereby impowered to adjourn themselves to such time and place within any of the aforesaid counties near the said rivers as they shall think proper: and if it shall happen that a sufficient number of of shall not appear at any such meeting, then the clerk to the said of shall, by the like notice, adjourn such meeting to the same place for that day. fortnight; and the said of, or any seven or more of them, assembled at such extraordinary general meetings, shall, at any of such extraordinary, generator adjourned meetings, held at any of the respective times and places aforesaid, or in pursuance of stich notice aforesaid, only for such number of days as to them shall seem convenient, do and transact all such bufl-ness relating to the said navigation, as to the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall seem expedient; and In matters of also, upon due examination of any person or persons touching contro.^frfr any matters or things which concern the better carrying on and toTdmin^fter1 regulating the navigation of the said rivers, or touching any the following matters in controversy between party and party relating thereto, oath, upon oath, (which oath they, or any two of them, are hereby impowered, at such general or adjourned meetings, to administer) and shall be in these words:

I A- B. do swear, that such information or evidence as 1 shall give The oath* shall be the truth, the whole truths and nothing but the truth.

So help me GOD. mj VI. And

xSa

Officers how to be appointed.

and removed.

Commissioners may purchase houses or lands for making the jneceflary works, make towing-paths, and other ednve-niences.

and settle the prices to be paid for the life thereof;

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1770.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any leven or more of them, at their first or at any succeeding general meeting, by any writing or writings under their hands and feab shall and may appoint a fit person to be general treasurer of the said navigation, and also one other fit person to be general surveyor of the said navigation, and also such other fit person or persons to be receiver or receivers, collector or coile&ors, of the tolls or duties arising therefrom; and, m like manner, at their respective dif-triA meetings, to appoint one fit person in each district to be elerk to the of acting the rein, and also all such Other officers as the said commimpners, or any seven or more of them, shall think necessary, and allow them, or any of them, such salary or salaries as they, or the major part of them so assembled, shall think proper; and also shall and may, from time to time, remove such treasurer, surveyor, receivers, collectors, clerks, and other officers, as they, or the major port of them so assembled, shall fee occasion, and appoint others in their stead.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority afortfakl, That the said of, or any eleven or more of them, at any general meeting, ordinary or extraordinary, are hereby impowered to make such orders and constiturions for the purchasing of locks, ferries, and lands, for the use of the said navigation, and to purchase and make such towing-paths, banks, roads, bridges, ferries, and ways, for the towing, haling, or drawing of boats, barges, and other vessels (with horses or Otherwise) passing in, through, or upon the said rivers, and to purchase or make such wharfs, locks, weirs, bucks, winches, (pikes, dams, flood-gates, and engines, for the completing and carrying on the said navigation, as the said of, or any eleven or more of them, at such general meeting shall think necessary and convenient for the purposes aforesaid; and also to erect and maintain pounds or turnpikes on the said rivers where locks or weirs are now made use of, and at all such other places on the said rivers, as the said commission -efs, or any eleven or more of them, at their general meetings, to be held as herein before directed, shall judge proper, and so as each of the said pounds or turnpikes so to be erected in pursuance of this act, be of the dimensions of one hundred and thirty feet long, and eighty feet wide; and also to settle and ascertain reasonable rates and prices to be taken from the owners of all barges, boats, and vessels, for the use and exercise of all the said towing-paths, ferries, gates, and bridges, either by men or horses, as they are now or shall be hereafter used, at the discretion of the said of, by the tenants or occupiers of all such pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, turnpikes, winches, dams, flood-gates, and other engines, and towing-paths in, upon, or near or adjoining to the said rivers of Thames and lfis> or which do or may aflWY the navigation of the same, 01 shall be deemed by the said of, or any

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. 153.

eleven or more of them, afletnbled at such meeting or meetings as aforesaid, to be necessary or useful thereto, between the said city of London and the said town of Ctkklade, for the help and assistance which barges, boats, or vessels, may or shall receive thereby or by means thereof, in their passage upon the said rivers, regard being had as well to the size, burthen, or tonage of such boats, barges, and vessels, that shall navigate on the said rivers, as to the charges and expences which have been and shall be laid out in the purchasing of the land necessary for the said towing-paths, and in building, repairing, enlarging, improv-.ing, and supporting, the said towing-paths, pounds, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, flood-gates, and other engines; and also to make rtgula-make orders and regulations touching the sizes and draughts of tiens relating all boats, barges, and other vessels, navigating the said rivers, t^the and to settle proper gages on the (ides thereof, and how deep river*ng they shall load at all times, so as no boat, barge, or other vessel whatsoever, navigating the said river, shall draw more than three feet of water; and also to make and appoint all such other necessary rates, orders, constitutions, rules, and regulation, concerning the said navigation, and also concerning such pounds, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, and other engines and towing* paths, lying between the places aforesaid, and the (hutting, penning, opening, drawing, use, or management thereof, for the benefit and safety of the said navigation; and making satisfaction for the lots or damage any owners or make fatiifap* occupiers of mills or lands shall or may sustain thereby; and tien to own-concerning all barges, boats, or vessels passing by, through, or cri0frvent: with the help of the same, and behaviour of all bargemen, boat- j^fbehavtour men, and watermen, belonging to or working in such barges, of watermen, boats or vessels, (b as to remedy the abuses which have been heretofore frequently committed, or may hereafter be committed by them in the navigation; and to give such reparation, satisfaction, and damages, to the person or persons aggrieved thereby, as likewise to the owners or occupiers of lands, meadows, or other grounds, who shall be damaged by the neglect or refusal of the owners of such pounds, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, and flood-gates, in not opening and keeping open tlte same till the water is sunk beneath the water-mark, as to the said Commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall seem meet.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Not to extend shall extend to authorise or impower the said of, or to prevem me any other of hereafter to be appointed by virtue of Present.course this act, to make any cut or cuts to divert the present course ofof the rlvcr* the said river in* any manner whatsoever between the bridge at Maidenhead, in the county of Berk$> and the city of London, nor

any where above the said bridge, except for the sole purpose of making turnpike locks on the iides of the present locks.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissioners That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or to settle the any seven or more of them, at any general meeting, or for any fbiTci.

18* Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1770.

three or more of them at any district meeting, to settle the price to be paid for the passage or barges or other vessels, so as tuch price, so far as regards the locks now in being, be not less than the present owners or occupiers of such locks are now intitled to take and receive by virtue of any former act, or any order made by the of acting under or by virtue thereof, nor more than four-pence per ton at any one lock or toil-gate through or near the said locks, according to the tonage of tuch barges or other veflck; which price of lockage shall be fixed up, painted in large characters, on boards, on the said locks, as well as the price of towing at the beginning and end of each fare; and the said of, or any seven or more of them, at any general meeting, or any three or more of them at any district meeting, shall have power, by a written order, signed by them and directed to the persons concerned, to oblige the owners or occupiers of kxjks to keep in repair the several locks and and oblige weirs now in the said rivers; and for non-compliance with such proprietors to order, after ten days notice, the said of, or any three ind^weirs* # or more whether they signed the same or not, are here-

9 by im powered to repair such locks and weirs, and to levy the expence by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels; and the said of, or any seven or more of than, at any general meeting, or any three or more of them at any dif-andtokeepup fridt meeting, are hereby impowered to fix a mark or marks at tlje water to each ]0ck or weir, below or above which mark or marks no owner or occupier of any lock, weir, or mill, shall knowingly or designedly let the water fall or rife, unless he is authorised thereto by two of under their hands, in case of any repairs that may be wanting to the said mill, weir, or lock, that may make it necessary to let the water down below such marks, but in no other case whatsoever; and in case any person or persons shall act contrary to the above directions, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as herein after-mentioned.

Water for re. X, Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted by the -HI. authority aforesaid, That any owner or occupier of any mill may be §rawn an<* may» anc*ft hey are hereby impowered, to draw down down, the water without such authority from the of as a-

forefaifl, for the repair of such mill, or any flood-gates, or water-works belonging the reunto, and for the purpose of cleansing the mill fiream; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons, having a right or privilege to fish with nets or bucks in any part of the said rivers, and to draw down the waters for that purpose, to retain, possess and enjoy, the said right and privilege of fishing, at all seasonable times of the year, and drawing down the water, doing thereby no damage or prejudice to the navigation, and causing thereby no obstruction or hinderance to the boats, barges, or lighters, on the said rivers5 any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commission-

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Thar

a proper height.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. 185

That the of appointed by this act, and their fuc-r ert to keep up cefiors, shall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, fq a proper bead build, construst, and keep in repair the locks, bucks, weirs, f°JJ

pounds, and other devices to be erected and constructed by the wor*ul8 authority of this act, as that a sufficient head of water may be constantly pounded and kept up for the purpose of working the mills contiguous and lying near to such locks, bucks, weirs, or pounds; and that in case any damage shall accrue to any such mill by the improper construction or use of any of the said locks, weirs, pounds, or other devices so to be constructed as aforesaid, or any such mill by any of the means aforesaid, shall be ob* strufted or hindered from working, that then and in such case, the said of appointed by this act, and their successors, or any three or more of them, shall, on application to be made to their clerk for that purpose, by a notice in writing from any owner or occupier of a mill lb damaged or obstructed, or hindered from working, to be given to the said clerk, or left at his usual place ofa-bode, cause the said locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, or such of them as shall bedefestive, to be well and Efficiently altered, repaired, and amended, within twenty-one days next after such application shall have been made as aforesaid; and in case the said of, or their successors, or any seven or more of them,

shall not, within the time aforesaid, cause the said locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, or such of them as shall be defestive, to be well and Efficiently altered, repaired, and amended, it shall and may be lawful to and for two justices of the peace near adjoining to such mill so damnified or hindered from working, and they are hereby authorised and required to take a view of the said locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, or such of them as shall be so defestive, on application for that purpose to be made by the owner or occupier of the mill so damnified or hia* dered from working; and if, upon such view, the said justices shall find the said locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, or any or either of them to be so construsted, or to be so out of repair as to hinder or impede the working of the mill of the owner or occupier so giving notice as aforesaid, then the said justices shall, by writing under their hands and seals, certify what repairs or alterations are wanting to be made or done to the said locks, weirs, pounds, or other devices3 which certificate shall be delivered to the clerk to the said of, or left at his usual place of abode3 and in case the said of, or their sucessors, or any seven or more of them, shall not, within twenty days next after the said certificate shall be left with, or delivered to their said clerk as aforesaid, cause the said locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices to be so properly constructed or well and Efficiently repaired, as that the said mills may not be damaged or hindered from working as usual 3 that then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the owners or oc* cupiers of such mills, and they are hereby authorised ta cause such alterations, reparations, and amendments, to be made to the said locks, weirs, pounds, and other devices, as shall be

x86

Lock dues to be paid to former proprietors of locks.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1770.

mentioned in the find certificate; and the said commiSoners and their successors, or any seven or more of them, shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the person or persons at whole expence the said alterations, repairs, and amendments, shall have been made, att such costs, charges, and expences, as be or they shall have paid, expended, or been put unto on that occasion; and also to the owners or occupiers of such mills, all such damages as they tt»ay have sustained by reason of such want of alteration or defeat in reparation, such costs, charges, damages, and expences to be liquidated by fiieh two justices as aforesaid, if any diljpute shall arise concerning the same$ and in case of nonpayment thereof for the space of twenty days next after demand fix that purpose made on the collector of the rates and duties to be collected by virtue of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the person and persons at whose expences such alterations, repairs, and amendments, shall have been made, and to and for the owner and occupiers of such mills so damnified as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised to receive all and every the rates and duties to be collected by virtue of this act, until he and they shall have reimbifrfed himself and themselves all such costs, charges, damages, and expences, as he or they shall have sustained or been put unto in making such alterations, repairs, and amendments, as aforesaid, or by reason of the defect or want thereof.

XII. And whereas there are many locks, bach, weirs, and winches y now in the said rivers, the owners or occupiers whereof are by virtue of the said recited act of parliament of the twenty fourth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, or of same orders made by the of acting under the authority thereof intitled to receive a toll of rate for the passage of boats y barges, and lighters^ through such waters and locks. and for the use of such winches: and whereas, by means of the said intended navigation, and the alteration of the course thereof all the boats, barges, and other veffehy will be prevented and obstructed from passing or repaying to or fromy or through the said weirs and bucks: in order therefore to make a satisfaction to such owners and occupiers of locks, bucksy weirs, and Winches, for the damage they may respectively JuJlain by reason of the said intended navigation, and the alteration of the course thereof; be it further enacted, That from the time of making any alterations in the navigation of the said rivers in pursuance of this act, whereby any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, shall be prevented or diver ed from passing or repelling to, from, or through either of the said weir9 or locks, or from using either of the said bucks or winches, there shall, from thenceforth, and for ever thereafter, be paid and allowed, and the of appointed, or to be appointed by or in pursuance of this act, are hereby authorised* impowered, and required, to pay and allow unto the owner or occupier of every such weir, lock, buck, or winch, for every boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, passing by and not'making use of the same, such and the same tolls, rates, and duties, clear of all taxes and dedudions whatsoever, as such

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45* >87

owners and occupiers would have been intitled to have received and taken, had stich boat, barge, lighter, or other vefle], (b parting by, parted through and made use of such weirs, locks, or winches, by virtue of the said recited act of parliament, or any order made by the of acting under or by virtue thereof j such tolls to be accounted for and paid monthly at or upon the first Monday in every month in every year: and in case of refafal or nonpayment of the said tolls, or any part thereof, for the space of ten days next after any of the days before appointed for the payment thereof as aforesaid, the rates, tolls, and duties granted by this act shall vert in such owner or occupier, until he shall have received^ sufficient to pay him (he torts allotted him as aforesaid, together with the corts and charges occasioned by the nonpayment of such tolls 5 and that, until full payment thereof, he shall have the same powers and authorities for demanding, collecting, and receiving the rates, forts, and duties granted by this act, as are by this act granted to the said of, their collectors, or receivers, or any of them.

XIII. Andy for the better ofcertaining what sum offumt of m*- Lock-duet nsy shall from time to time be due and payable to fmh owners or oceu- and lock-piers of locks y weirsy bucksy and winchesy be it further enacted, owners im-That such owners or occupiers, or such person or persons as ^sure to they, either, or any of them, shall for that purpose appoint, barges, &c. shall and may, at any time or times hereafter, have full and

free liberty and power of measuring the boats, barges, and light-

ers, and of inspeding, examining, and taking copies, at their own expence, of all such books, accounts, and entries, as shall at any time or times thereafter, in pursuance of this act, be made, entered, or kept at the place nearest the lock, weir, or winch, of the owner or occupier claiming such toll, in order to' fee the number of boats, barges, Ngliters, and other vessels that have parted by such lock, weir, or winch, and the quantity of tonage of the goods, wares, merchandises, or commodities, which shall be carried or conveyed therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* Rates of car-That the said of, or any seven or more of them, riage and hire shall have power and authority, and they are hereby required, of J!res.*>w at their said general meetings, to assess and rate the prices oft0 c CU*the carriage of all (orts of goods whatsoever, and the rates or

fare to he given for the use of any horse or horses, employed on the said navigation from the said city of Lcndony to the said town of Cricktcdey and back from thence to the said city of London, or to or from any place or places upon the said fivers, to any other place or places upon the same, in such boats, barges, and other vessels, and shall forthwith give publick notice in writing, to be signed by the said of at such their meetings, or any seven or more of them, to be stuck up at the feveraMocks and turnpike-gates on the said rivers, and at the market places or church doors of such towns and parishes as they shall think proper within the respective districts, and also to be printed and published in Tome of the publick newspapers, of which pub*

i8S

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1770.

lick notice the several owners of boats, barges, and other vessels navigating on the said rivers, are hereby required to take notice, as also of the rates and prices so from time to time fee and assessed, and of all other rates, fares, and prices, which shall at any time or times hereafter, at iiich respective meetings as aforesaid, be rated and assessed by virtue of this adk $ and if Persons tak- any owner or proprietor of any such barge, boat, or other vessel ing higher shall, at any time after the expiration of twenty days next after t^c publiflting of such notice, take for the water-carriage of any to the roles goods or merchandises above the rates and prices so set as afore-prescribed, laid, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds: and if any person whatsoever shall act contrary to any other rules, orders, or constitutions which shall be made in pursuance of this act, either for the benefit of the proprietors or owners of mills, locks, lands, grounds, or meadows near or adjoining to the said rivers, or either of them, or otherwise howsoever, every such person so offending dial), for every such of-to forfeit 501. fence, likewise forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, unless in the case of offences for which other penalties and forfeitures are herein otherwise inflicted; all which respective penalties and forfeitures shall and may be recovered in a summary way by information or complaint made to the said of, at any of their general meetings, or at any of their district meetings, in the manner herein after directed; and shall go and be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the party or parties aggrieved by any such offence, and shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels in manner herein after directed.

No order to

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no be altered, order, rule, or regulation, made by the said of at any general meeting, shall be altered or repealed at any extraordinary general meeting; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, at any of the said* quarterly or ordinary meetings, or at any adjournment thereof, to alter, annul, or repeal any order, rule, or regulation made by the said of at any former meeting or adjournment whatsoever held in pursuance of this act, or to make any new order, rule, or regulation, touching and concerning the lame, as the occasion and circumstance* of the case may then require, and as to them shall seem expedient; but no such alteration, repeal, unless notice or new orc*cr> shall^ma<fe, or deemed good and sufficient, shall be given, unless twenty days notice of such alteration or repeal be fixed, in writing, upon the locks and turnpike-gates upon the said rivers, and at the market places, and church doors of such towns and parishes, as they shall think proper, within their respective districts.

Navigation to

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be divided That the said navigation shall, and the same is hereby directed into districts. tQ^divided; nto gx parts or districts; videlicet, That the first part or district of the said navigation shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between the said city of London and the city (ton?

' above

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. 189

above Staines Bridge; and that the second part or district shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between the city (tone above Stainef Bridge aforesaid and Boulter's Loti \ and that the third part or district shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Boulter's Lock aforesaid and Maple Durham $ and that the fourth part or district shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Maple Durham aforesaid and Shillingford; and that the fifth part or district shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to he between Shiilingford aforesaid and Oxford; and that the sixth part or district shall be accounted, deemed, and taken to be between Oxford aforesaid and Oricklade, in the said county of mits.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Eirft subdivi-That the time and place of the first meeting in every district uon meeting* shall be appointed by the first general meeting to be holden at Jd by^h^first Henley; and that the of living within their respect general meet-tive districts, or any three or more of them, shall and may hold ing. a district meeting at the time and place so appointed, and afterwards at all times and at any place bordering upon the said rivers within their respective districts, as any two such commission- Manner of ers shall, either by adjournment from time to time, or by any adjourning writing under their hands directed to the district clerk, appoint j ?n<l appoint-of which district meeting, the said clerk is hereby required, on "E0111*"* pain of forfeiting five pounds, at the discretion of the said of, to amx notice in writing at the market places, or on Notice to be the principal door of each parish church in such towns or pa- given, rishes as are not market towns that are adjoining to the said rivers, as the said of shall appoint within that district, ten days before the time appointed for the holding such district meeting, or if that cannot be, as many days notice as can conveniently be given, regard being had to the necefliry of the case; and at such district meeting, the said of, or any two of them, shall have power to adjourn themselves from time to time, and from place to place, as they (halt think proper for enforcing the execution of such orders and constitutions as shall be made at any of the general meetings of the said of to be held as aforesaid; and at such district meetings the said of, or any three or more of them, or the major part of them present, shall have power, and, are hereby authorised in a summary way, upon examination of the parties, and all witnesses to be produced by them upon oath, which oath shall be in the same words as the oath herein before directed for the examination of any person or persons as aforesaid, (and which oath they are hereby impowered to administer) to hear and determine all such complaints and informations as shall be Commission-made or laid against all and every person and persons accused of to deter-offending against this act, of any of the rules, orders, regula-tiens, or constitutions to be made in pursuance or by virtue p thereof; and, upon conviction of the offender or offenders, to levy such penalties as the said of are by this act impowered to set, or are hereby made payable or forfeited for the

offences

*9°

Per foils aggrieved may appeal to a general meeting.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1770.

offences whereof such offenders shall be respectively convicted, by distress and Tale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus^ to the offender or offenders, by warrant or war^ rants under the bands and seals of the said of, cr any three or more of them, to be directed to the constables, tithingmen, or other peace officers of the several liberties or places wherein or near whereunto any such goods or chattels by (itch warrant directed to be didrained shall bej and all such constables and other officers are hereby commanded to obey and execute such warrants accordingly: provided that every person against whom any complaint or information shall be made or laid at any of the said district meetings, shall have at lead ten days notice of such complaint or information, under the hand of the clerk appointed, as herein after mentioned, to attend the said of at their respective difir id meetings.

XVIII. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful foraoy person whose fine, penalty, forfeiture, or damage adjudged against him at any of the said district meetings, shall exceed the him of five pounds, and who shall think himself aggrieved thereby, to appeal to the next general meeting of the said coimffioneri to be held after the expiration of twenty days from the time that the party aggrieved shall have notice of the adjudication of such district meeting of the of, at such of the respective places herein before appointed for the holding of general meetings as shall be neared to the place where the matter of complaint shall originally arise (but not afterwards), upoa giving ten days notice in writing of such appeal to the party or parties appealed again!}, or leaving such notice at his, her, or their lad place of abode > and such of, at such general meeting, shall hear and determine such appeal, and give such costs to either party as they shall think reasonable.

XIX. And wh treaty for the more effefinal putting the fern herein contained in execution, it may be frequently necessmy U view the several cutty pounds locks, weirs, buckty winebety turnpike dams, floodgates, and other engines, and the several towing-path upon or near the said rivers; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any three or more of them,

at any of their general or district meetings, may appoint any

number of of (but not a leis number than two) as they shall think fit, who are, hereby authorised and impowered to go and view any cuts, pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, and other engines in, upon, near, or adjoining to the said rivers, and likewise to view all towing-paths, gates, bridges, and places proper for the fixing a watermark at all pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, and other engines, and to inquire into the estate, condition, reparation, and circumstances thereof, and and to inquire to inquire also by information upon oath (which shall be in the into the prices same words as the oath herein-before directed for the examina-toowner8Pof tlon °^ as aforesaid, and which oath they are hereby

locks, &c. impowered to administer) what rates or prices have formerly

been

Commissioners impowered to take view* j

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. iyt

- >c<n paid to or taken by the owners or proprietors of folk pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, or other engines in, upon, near, or adjoining to the said Severs, or in anywise affecting the same, as likewise by the owners of towing-paths adjoining to the said rivers, and the several*Jams that are now paid to' or taken by such owners, proprietors,

-or occupiers, from the several barge-masters navigating on the said rivers; which information or informations thus taken, shall be signed by two of the said of at least, and shall be by them transmitted to or reported at the next general meeting of the said commissioners, who, or any seven or more of them,

shall make such order and determination as shall to them seem just, so as such order do not compel or oblige any such owner or occupier to take less toll than he is now intitleci to take and receive by virtue of any former act, or any order made by of siting under or by virtue thereof, ten days notice in writing of such information and intended order being first given to the person or persons whom the same may concern, or left at his or their last place of abode.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That if it shall appear, either by view of any two or more ofrcmovi, JK the said of, or upon complaint made on oath (to be tCf*marlu* taken and administered as herein-before directed) to any three

or more of the said of, at any of the said distrilt meetings, that any owner, or occupier of any pound, Jock, weir, turnpike, dam, or flood-gate, or any other person or persons, hath removed any water-mark so as aforesaid set and appointed by the said of, that the person or persons removing the same shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, nor less than ten pounds; to be recovered at any of the said meetings in a summary way, by any person or persons who will complain or inform thereof, and levied by distress and sale of the offenderVgoods and chattels in manner aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, n

That it shall and may be lawful for any two of the said commis- Ci^order- sioners, upon the complaint of and oath made by the general or distrilt lur-distrilt surveyor, or by any of the oceupiers of the meadows a- veyorst&c. bove, that the water runs over the water-mark, and that therr meadows are in danger of being overflowed, to fend, under their of an'over*respective hands and feab, a warrant, directed to the said gene- flow, ral or distrilt surveyor, or to the constable or constables of the parish or place, or some neighbouring parish or place, thereby authorising and impowering him or thefn to give notice of such complaint to the several tenants or occupiers of the said pounds, locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams, and flood-gates; and on their refusal to open the same, to compel the said tenants or occupiers, of the said pounds, locks, weirs, turnpikes, dams, and flood - gates, to open and keep open the same, as occasion shall require, till the water is sunk below the water-mark, and no amj awar(j ^m longer; and if any damage shall be sustained by the tenants or tisfaction fo/ occupiers of such meadows, occasioned either by the occupiers damages done

or thereby.

i9*

Anno underimo GioiOU ML dfjfjf. >X*77°#

dr tenants of such pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, turnpikes* dams, and flood-gates, penning the water above the water-mark, so as aforesaid, set by the said commissiomys, or neglecting, or re- fufiogtoopen or keep open the same as aforesaid, after such notice as aforesaid, any three or more of the said of shall, at any of their district meetings to be held as aforesaid, within the space of ten days next ensuing, on proof made on oath as aforesaid of the damage or damages, order such satisfaction as to them shall seem just: and if any of the tenants or occupiers of any pounds, locks, weirs, bucks, turnpikes, dams, or flood-gates, shall refuse to pay such sum or sums of money so Penalty on ordered within three days after such order made, and notice

Pto make thereof given, or they so refusing shall forfeit the sum of fausfaction* forty shillings, over and above the sum and Turns so ordered; to be levied by distress and fate of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and Teals of any three or more of the'laid of as aforesaid.

Commission-

XXII. And whereas great nuisances, annoyances, inconveniencing ert to remove and damages, do often happen on the said navigation to light loaded obstru&ons. barges, boats* and other vessels passing the same, by timber and deep-loaded barges* boats* and other vessels lying across or aground in the said rivers, and by fonts, dung* muck* and compojt* and other nui-fames lying and being in the towing -paths* and other places belonging to the same, and thereby obstructing and preventing the pcjfage of such light-loaded vessels: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of the said of, on his or their view, or on complaint thereof made to him or them by the said general or district surveyor, or by the owners or navigators of light-loaded barges, boats, or other vessels, to order the pro- i prietors of such timber, dung, muck, or compost as aforesaid, and the owners or navigators of such deep-loaded barges, boats, or other vessels, (by warrant under his or their hand and seal or I hands and seals), forthwith to remove such obstructions, by j carrying away the same, or lightening their said vessels, or other- j wife, in such manner as the said commissioner or of shall think fit, and to suffer the said light-loaded barges, boats, or other vessels to pass; and upon non-compliance with such order, to assess and levy, by warrant under such commissioner or of hands and seals, or hand and seal, to be directed to the said general surveyor, or to the constable or other peace officer of the parish or place wherein, or near to the place where such Complaint shall arise, such penalty not being more than the sum of ten pounds, nor less than the sum of forty shillings, upon the goods and chattels of the offender and offenders, or the tackle belonging to his or their barge or barges, as the said commissioner or of shall think proper or adequate to the damage sustained by the owner or owners of such light-loaded barge, vessel or vessels, and to be paid to the treasurer for the time being, and by him to the person or persons sustaining the damage, as the said commissioner or of shall direct.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. 6.45. 193

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Commission-authority aforesaid, That no commissioner or of c^not.to*a shall act in the execution of this act, or any of the powers here-

in contained, where He or they is or are any ways particularly interested, under the penalty of one hundred pounds; to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels by ^warrant under the hands and seals of three or more of the other Commissioners; which penalty or forfeiture shall and is hereby directed to go to (he same uses as other penalties by this act are to be applied,

XXIV. And forasmuch as the Arawing barges by boffes, tnjlead provifidh for*

cf men, on all or many more banks than at present have Urfe towing- person* used pathsy may deprive many men who are how employed in drawing such to draw barges of their usual livelihood, and as feverat such men art or maynd

he come, through sickness % age9 or bodily infirmity, disabled from

earning their daily bread by any other fort bf labour, be it eiiade^.

That any seven or more of, at any general meeting, may certify under their hands and Teals to the treasurer of the said district, or to the general treasurer, the case of such disabled man, and the treasurer to whom such certificate shall be directed is hereby required to relieve the said disabled man, with such Turn, not exceeding four shillings per week, as shall be directed of specified by the said of, until the said certificate shall be revoked by thdm, or by any seven or more comnrifljorv-ers at any general meeting as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every wharfinger up- wharfinger* on the banks of the said rivers shall keep a book, wherein aft shall keep eri-goods shall be entered in the lame order as they shall be brought 0 to his wharf in order for carriage, and shall moreover give a re- cU" ceipt, if required, to the person delivering the same; and every barge-matter carrying goods for hire, that loads from that wharf, shall deliver to the wharfinger in writing the name of the most distant place to which such barge shall of may be bound, and the bargemaster shall then take into his barge the goods which shall be which shall have been first entered at the said wharf, and con- forwarded ac-signed to the place so named as aforesaid, of td any other place 5

or places not more than ten miles Short of the same, without any entry/ ° other preference, (except as is herein after excepted) than the priority of entry in each wharfinger's book; which book the wharfinger is hereby required to shew to such bargemaster at the time of putting such goods on board his barge, and shall give a bill of lading for the same, expressing the time or times bf entry, for which entry the said warfinger shall be paid one penny for every entry, and no more; and such wharfinger and bargemaster respectively shall forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, on being convicted before any two of of not having made due and regular entries, or of altering, or permitting to be altered, his or their book or books, in order to give undue preference, or of not shewing his book or books as aforesaid, or not giving such bills of lacting, expressing the time or rimes of entry, or of not carry-Vol. XXIX. N ins

*94 Anoo ondechno GtOROlJ 1H. c. 45. [1770.

[Proviso.]

!ng the goods according to priority of entry as aforeMd; to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and (eals of any two or more of the said commissioners, one moiety of which penalty shall go the informer, and the other moiety to the person aggrieved.

XXVI. Provided always, That no such entry shall be made

until (util goods so to be entered shall be actually brought to the wharf or warehouse where the same are intended to be tratered.

Rules f

XXVII. Provided also, That in all cases where any barge-barge Haulers fnafter shall take and carry any goods or merchandise to any and wbfcrfin- place or places whatsoever, over and above or for want of such gen. goods or merchandise as are herein before, in the first place, di-

rected to be taken and carried, he shall take and carry the same to every such place or places respectively, without other prefer-Tence than the priority of entry in each wharfinger's book asa-foresaid, under the lice penalties herein before mentioned, excepting always such goods or merchandise as may be of a perishable nature, which mall at all times be taken and carried in preference to any other species of goods or merchandise consigned to the same place or places respectively; and upon complaint being made of any of the matters aforesaid before any two of, they are hereby impowered to furamon any such'wharfinger to attend with his book or books of entry, and such

wharfinger is hereby required to attend accordingly; and in case such "wharfinger shall negjeti to attend with his book or boob according to such summons, he shall forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings; to be levied by distress and sale of his goods and chattels.

Persons under

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-incapacity said, That after any houses, messuages, mills, lands, tenements, impowered to an£ hereditaments shall be set out and ascertained by the fur-convey lands. ^eyor Of the said navigation as fit and necessary for the purposes before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, husbands, guardians, trustees, feoffees in crust, committees, ex- - kcUtors, and administrators, and all other trustees and persons i 'Whatfofever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their cestuique trusts, whether infants, issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or other person or persons, and to and for all femes-covert* who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own right, and to and for every other person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in buy ands, Tenements, tithes, or grounds which shall be so set out and ascertained as aforesaid, or any part thereof, to contract for, tell* and convey unto the said commissionefc and their successors, or to such person or persons as they shall nominate and appoint, for the use of the said navigation, all or any part of such messuages, mills, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, which shall, from time to time, be so set out and ascertained as afore-

3 said,

1770.I Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 4$. 1^5

Aid, either in consideration of a sum of money to be paid in gross, or of an annual relit or payment to be charged and securedas is herein-after mentioned; and where, by making the said navigation, or any alteration therein, the property of any land-owner shall be Separated into final! pareels, so as to render the occupation thereof inconvenient, it shalT and may be lawful to and for such bodies politick, corporate and collegiate, and other such land owners, by and with the consent of the said of, or any eleven of them, or the major part of them assembled at any general meeting, to be testified by any writing or writings to be by them sealed and delivered in the presence, of and attested by two or more credible witnesses, to contract for, fell, or to make and dispose of, or to convey in exchange, in lieu of other lands, exchanges* all or any part of such lands and grounds through which the said navigation shall pass, to any person or persons whomsoever, for fcch price or prices in money, or other equivalent, as to the said commissioners, or any eleven of them, or the major part of them assembled as aforesaid, shall seem reasonable; and that all such contrails, agreements, sales, conveyances, and assurances; shall be valid and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes whatsoever, aity law, Statute, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: and that all bodies politick, corporate or cbHegiate, and all persons whomsoever so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what h€, (he, or they, or any of them shall respectively do by virtue or In purfuaYicfc of this act: and that all such contrails, agreements, sales, conveyances, and affuraoces, other than those which concern any pufeftafeor exchange between any Contrail* to such respect*e land-owness to be trfade as aforesaid, shall, at the bea copies to expence of the said navigation, be ihrblled by the clerk of the evidence? peace for the county wherein such messuages, ' mills, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall be situate respectively, and true copies thereof shall be allowed to be good evidence in all courts whatsoever; for which inrolmenf shall be paid to the aforesaid officers respectively making the same the sum of three-pence, and no more, for every two hundred words, at\d so in proportion for any greater or less number of words.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. On refusal-to. That if any such corporation or person, upon notice to him, her, treat, or them given, or left in writing at the dwelling-house or place of abode of such person, or of the head officer of such corporation, or at the house of the tenant in possession of the messuages, mills, lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforesaid, shall, by the space of twenty-one days after such notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the premises, or by reason of absence shall be prevented from treating; then, and in every or any such case, the said of, or the value to any eleven or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, shall enufe ascertained to be inquired into, ascertained, and a defied, by and upon the a, ury' oaths of 3 jury of twelve indifferent men of the county wherein fuclt mills, messuages, lands, tenements, 'or hereditaments shall

n 2 lie.

tgo

Sheriffs to summon ju-

Anno undcdmo GboROII in c. 45 J [1770.

lie, (which oath any one or more of the fiud of are hereby Empowered to administer) what damages will be (attained by and what leoompeoce shall be made to such owners, pro* prietors, occupiers, or other persons interested. Six or upon account of the taking such lands, tenements, or hereditaments into or for the use of the said navigation, towing-paths, or other purposes before-mentioned: and in order thereto the said of, or any eleven or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, are hereby impowered from time to time, as occasion shall be, to order and cause the said jury to view the said places in question, and use all lawful ways and means, as well for their own as the jury's information in the premises, as the of, or any eleven or more of them, assembled as aforesaid shall think fit; and after the said jury shall have inquired of, at certained, and assessed such damage and recompence, they the said of, or any eleven or more of them. So assembled as aforesaid, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said sum or sums of money so assessed by the said jury to be paid to the said owners, proprietors, or occupiers of or other persons interested in the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, according to such verdict or inquisition of the said jury; which said verdiS or inquisition, and judgement, order, or determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and con-elusive, to all intents and purposes, against all parties and persons whatsoever claiming in possession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, their heirs and successors, as well absent as present, infants, femes-covert, idcots, lunaticks, cestuique trusts, and persons under any other disability whatsoever, corporations aggregate or foie, ecclesiastical, civil, or ekemofinary, as well as all and every other person or persons whomsoever; and all and every such owners, proprietors, and occupiers, and all and every person and persons interested in such lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall, upon payment or tender or the sum or sums of money so assessed as aforesaid, be thereby and from thenceforth, to all intents and purposes, diverted of all right, title, claim, interest, and property of, in, to, or out of the same: and for the summoning and returning such jury or juries the said commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby impowered to issue out their warrant to the Sheriff of the county wherein such lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall lie, thereby commanding him to impanel, summon, and return twenty-tour indifferent persons to appear before the said of, or any eleven or more of them, at such time and place as in such warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff,br his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such number accordingly; and out of the persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them at shall appear upon such summons, the said of, or any eleven of them, shall swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve, to be drawn by ballot out of the said twenty-four; and in default of a sufficient number of persons so impanelled, the said

4 Sheriff,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 4'5# 197

sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent men of the standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that service, who shall be sworn in like manner, till the number twelve be completed, which twelve shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; anti all persons concerned shall have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen /"T, ?11 mV when they come to be sworn; and the said of, or be challenge.any eleven or more of them, acting in the premises, shall have g. & full power, from time to time, to impose any reasonable fine negliamgdu. on such sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents, ty, to be fined* making default in the premises, and on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on such jury, and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or not give their verdict, or in any other manner wilfully neglect their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and on any of the persons who, being required to give evidence before the said jury touching the premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give evidence; and, from time to time, to recover, levy, and apply such fine or fines in the same manner as any other forfeiture or penalty is by this act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, so as that no such fine shall exceed the sum of five pounds upon any one person, for one offence.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How the ex-

That in case any such jury shall give in and defiver a verdict or pence* of ju-assessment for more monies as a recompence for the right, interest,*

or property, of any person or persons in any such lands, tenc-a r#yca* merits, or hereditaments, or for any such loss or damage than

what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said of, or any eleven or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said jury, as a recompence or satisfaction for any such right, interest, or property, or loss or damage as aforesaid; that then, and in such case, the costs and expences of summoning and maintaining the said jury and witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said of, or any eleven or more of them, out of the profits of the said navigation, or out of any money to be borrowed upon the credit thereof; but if any such jury shall give and deliver a verdict orassessment for no more or for less monies than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said of, or any eleven or more of them* before the summoning and returning the said jury, as a recompence or satisfaction for any such right, interest, or property in, or loss or damage as aforesaid, that then the costs and expences of summoning and maintaining the said jury and witnesses shall be borne and paid by the person or persons with whom the said of shall have such controversy or dispute.

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contain- Commission. ed shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise and im- cr* not ro power the said of to compel or oblige the owner or m*he propietor of any garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, inclosed &*btrithou

n 3 lawn.

To prevent making towing-paths through Mr, Mitchell's citate.

196 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1770.

conient of Jawn, or planted avenue to any house, which have been respect

propiictora.jve]yifed ag such, six months before the passing of this act, {except such where towing-paths are now used) or the owner or proprietor of any messuage or tenement erected or built, or begun to be erected or built, six months before the passing of this act, to pull down, let, fell, or convey, such messuage, tenement, garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, inclosed lawn, or avenue, or any part thereof, to the said of, or any other person or persons; nor shall any thing in this act contained impower the said of to make any new towing-path, bank, cut, road, bridge, wharf, lock, weir, buck* winch, spike, dam, flood-gate, pound, turnpike, toll-gate, or engine over, upon, or through any garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, inclosed lawn, or planted avenue to any house, without the content of the owner or proprietor thereof.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impower the said of, or any of them, to make, or cause to be made, any new towing-paths or landing-places over or through any lands or grounds now belonging to Richard Mitchell efauire ot Culham Court in the parish of lVargrave % in the county or Berks; nor to build any bridge on, nor to (lation any boat or float within two hundred yards of any island or lands belonging to the said Richard Mitchell \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all'and every sum and sums of money so afleffod as aforesaid, is and are hereby charged upon the monies which shall be raised by virtue of this act, and shall be paid thereout accordingly by the said of, or any seven or more of them, or their treasurer, to the persons respectively intitled thereto, or to their agents 3 and that upon payment thereof to such persons, or their agents, or upon leaving the same in the hands of the treasurer to the said of, for the use of such persons, or their agents respectively, such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall by the said of, their surveyor or surveyors, workmen or agents, be taken for the use of the said navigation and purposes before mentioned.

Vessels not to

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That draw more no barge, boat, or vessel, shall draw more than three feet of than three feet water; which depth shall be ascertained by a strait white line, of water. one jnch broad, extending from head to stern, on each side of every barge, boat, or vessel; and if it shall appear to any two or more of the said of, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath the said two or more of are hereby impowered to administer) that any person or persons hath or have navigated his or their barge drawing more than three feet of water, or that he or they harh or have not the said white line on each side of his barge, every such person and persons so offending, and being thereof duly

con-

Upon payment of the inoney assess. ed, the premises ro vest in the commUIioners.

J

*99

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 4$.

convicted by the said commissionecs, (halt forfeit and pay hot more that twenty pounds, nor kfe than five pounds; to be le« vied by distrefe and sale of the offender's goods and chattels# rendering the overplus (if any such there be) to the owner, after the charges attending such distress and fele shall be deducted.

XXXV. Provided always, That nothing relating to the Not to extend draught of water that such barges, boats, or vessels, are to to barges, &c. draw, or the mark of any line on such barge, boat, or vessel* "grated shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any barge, boat, or

vessel, that shall not be navigated beyond the flux of the tide. tide.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* Commission-feid. That all the orders of the fad of shall b^flgn- ert orders ed by such number of of as are herein before im» bow to be, powered to make the same, and shall be kept by the ckrks.to

fetch of; and that such dork* shall permit the same to be intpeded by all persons desiring the same at convenient times, and shall deliver copies thereof, or of any part thereof, to any person desiring the same* taking for the fetiches one Hulling for each search; and for copies* thereof, any sum. not exceeding the rate of three-pence for every two hundred words.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it envied by the RUie*, See. authority aforesaid, That all such rules, orders, constitutions', made by the and assessments, as shall be made by the said of, or of*fetch number of them as are hereby impowrired to make the

fiune, shall be, from time to time, fairly written in a book or j£veral clerks books to be kept for that purpofo; and the same, or a copy of the peace, thereof, signed by the clerk or clerks to the said coouniffioners respectively, who hath or have the custody thereof, ihaH be and ajm; tted taken, adjudged, and deemed good and.sufficient evidence in all u evidence, cases whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And* far the further preventing the damage* animfa Owners of chiefs done uni committed by disorderly persons rawing, managing* vessels subject baling, or tewing the said barges, boats, and other vtjfils, either°

with men or horses, and that the owners of such barges* boats* and Ul€ vessels, may be more careful to prevent the same* be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every barge-matter, cm* the matter of any boat or vessel, and owner of any barge, boat, and veflfet,

shall be, and is hereby made answerable and responflble for any damage or mischief that shall be done or committed by his of their huge, boat, or vessel, or by the whole or any of the crew of his or their said barge, boat, or vessel, or by persons ordinarily belonging to and going with such barge, boat, or vessel, either to the goods and commodities with which such barge, boat, or vessel, is laden; or by (idling with nets, or otherwise; or by (hooting with guns, or taking or destroyirrg any fish or fowl; or to any of the pounds, locks, lock-tackle, weirs, bucks, winches, turnpikes, dams, flood-gates, or other engines; or to any bridge, land, tree, meadow, or ground, in and upow the said rivers, or bordering or near adjoining thereto, either with men or horses and the said barge^masters, barge-owners,


im

Anno undadmo Gbqroii IIL e, 4.5; [1770.

nd the mailers and owners of any boat or veffd shall be, and are hereby made liable to make good all such damages to be committed as aforesaid, and shall and may be sued and prose-.cuted for the same by action of trespass or otherwise ? and if it shall appear that such trespass or damage was done by any of the persons belonging to or employed in the barge or other vessel? whereof such person or persons was or were mailer or mailers, owner or owners, such maftrr or mailers, owner or owners, shall be found guilty, and the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover his or their damages thereby sustained, with his or their full costs of suit; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officers to

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* giycsecurity. fcid. That all and every officer and officers, or other person or persons'whatsoever, concerned in the receipt of any of the fumi by this act appropriated to the tales aforesaid, before he or they shall be admitted to take tppon him or them the execution or any of such office or offices, he or they shall be bound, with sufficient furettes, to the said commissioners and their successors, for the just and faithful execution of such office or employment, in such lum or (urns as by the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall be thought fitting.

Money may XL. And, for as much at money b» toUeOod by the of

TPWh de rates, tods, or dsstits, g by this aH, will tut be sufficient for the speedj improving and completing of the said navigation, end ether tbt purposes of this a&\ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any eleven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from time to tim.e, by any writing under their hands and seals, to assign over the said locks, turnpikes, toll-houses, rates, tolls, and duties, arising by virtue of this act, or any of them* or any part of them, but without prejudice to the owners and occupW ers of lochs, bucks, weirs, and winches, now in the said riven, pr to the tolls payable and to be paid in respect thereof, the coils, charges, and expences of assigning the same to be borne and paid out of such tolls or duties, for any time or term, during the continuance of this act, as a security orfccuritics for any sum or sums of money to be borrowed by the said of, to such person or persons, or their trustees, who shall advance and lend the same, to secure the repayment thereof, with legal or less interest.

Klotice to be

XLI. Provided always, That no money shall be borrowed by given of bor- the said commissioners on the credit of any of the said rates, tolls, lowing mo- pr duties, after their first meeting, unless notice be for that purpose given in the Oxford and Reading newspapers, on in the London Gazette, and also fixed in writing, under the hand or hands of the clerk or clerks to the said of, at or upon all the locks or turnpike gates then erected or made by virtue of this act, at lead twenty days before the borrowing of such money.

Annuities not

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be r? exceed 10). jawfu| to for any person or persons, to contribute, advance,

1770.1 Anno undecimo GSOROIIUL c. 45. 201

say into the hands of the said treasurer or treasurers, to be apper cent, per pointed as aforesaid, any sum or sums of money, for the abfo- ann* lute pprcbafe of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of every such contributor respectively, or the natural life of such other perfoa as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of such respective contributor at the time of payment of his or her respective contribution-money; which annuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of ten pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid; and shall be payable and paid by the said treasurer or treasurers by quarterly payments in the year; the first of such payments to begin and be made to the respective purchasers and their assigns, at the expiration of the first three calendar months next after payment of his or her respective purchase-money; which annuities shall be publickly sold to the best Annuit1 bidder for the same, on twenty-one days nonce thereof being m*7 first given in the Oxford and Reading newspapers, or in the f*on£n Gazette, and a like notice affixed upon such publick places as the said of, or any eleven or more of them, frail direct; which money so to be borrowed, either by way of Money bor-mortgage, or by granting annuities, shall not exceed the sum rowed not to of fifty thousand pounds, and shall be applied and disposed of as e£ceedj the said rates, tolls, and duties, are by this adfc directed to be 50(000*applied and disposed of, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted Provifc. and declared, That such sum and sums of money as shall be raised by annuities, in manner herein mentioned, and applied to the discharge of the money so borrowed upon the credit of the said tolls, and the interest for the same, shall not he deemed or taken to be, any part of the said fifty thousand pounds.

XLIV. Andy for toe better ascertaining and regulating the pay- Annuities nunt of the said annuities, be it further enacted by the authority how to be aforesaid, That the said of, or any eleven or more Pai<1-of them, shall, by warrants under their hands and seals (directed to such person or persons as shall be chosen and appointed treasurer or treasurers in manner herein before mentioned), order and direct, from time to time, the several quarterly payments of the said annuities to the respective proprietors, as the same shall become due; which said treasurer or treasurers is and are hereby required, upon receipt of such warrant or warrants, forthwith to pay the same out of the first monies which shall be in his or their hands, in pursuance of this act; which warrants shall be allowed in account to him or them on making up his or their accounts.

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- Entries to be foresaid, That there shall be provided and kept a book or books, kept, in which shall be fairly written, in words at length, the oames and surnames, with the proper additions and places of abode of all such ptxfons whp. shall he purchasers of any of the annuities

forc-

2QZ

Annuities not subject to land-tax or other tax.

Receipts to be given.

Alignments to be entered in a book.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45* .[177a

aforesaid, and of all persona by whose hands the said purchasers shall pay in any sum or ftunsof money upon the credit of this act, and also the sum and Aims so paid for the purchase of such annuity or annuities, and the respective days of payment thereof; and also an account of the interest that shall be paid to the said annuitant or annuitants, from time to time, and by whom received, to which book and books it shall be lawful for the said respective purchasers, their executors, administrators, and assigns, agent or agents, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, to have recourse to, and inspedfc the same, without fee or reward.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every of the annuities so to be purchased under and by virtue of this act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the monies arising by virtue of this act; and all and every the contributor and contributors upon the credit of this act, duly paying the consideration or purchase-money for any fitch annuities as aforesaid, or such person or persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy the L said respective annuity or annuities, during the term of the natural life of the person to be nominated by each such purchaseror contributor as above mentioned; and that all and every such purchaser and purchasers, and their assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute, indefeasible personal estates, and interests in the annuities so by them respectively purchased, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and that none of the said annuities shall be subject and liable to the tax charged upon lands by authority of parliament, or to any other parliamentary or parochial tax whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every contributor upon this act for the purchase of any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their assigns, upon payment of thj consideration or purchase-money for the same, or any part or proportion thereof, shall have one or more receipt or receipts from the person or persons receiving the same, importing the receipt of so much purchase-money as shall be so paid; and upon payment of the remainder of such purchase-money, if any, every such contributor, his or her assigns respectively, shall have an order on parchment or vellum for payment of the said annuity or annuities, for and during the life of such person as shall be nominated by such contributor or purchaser as aforesaid; which order shall be signed by the said of, or any eleven or more of them, at any quarterly or ordinary meeting assembled; and after signing thereof, the same shall be Arm, good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this atf.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the assignment and alignments so to> be made and granted by the said

203

1770.1 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 45.

said of, as aforesaid, shall be entered at length in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers, to the said of; which said book or books shall and may be seen and perused by any person or persons interested or concerned therein, without fee or reward.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Assignment* or persons to whom any such assignment or assignments shall be trans-. be made by the said of, their executors, administrators or assigns, shall and may, from time to time, by propet words of assignment to be indorsed on the back of his, her, or their securhy or securities, or otherwise, assign or transfer nis, her, or their right to the principal and interest money thereby secured, or any part thereof, to any other person or persons whomsoever; which said transfer or assignment shall be produced and notified to the said clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers appointed, or to be appointed, by the said of, or any seven or more of them, within fourteen days after the date thereof, who shall cause an entry or memorial to be made of such assignment or transfer, containing the date, parties, and sum of money therein mentioned to be transferred in the said book or books to be kept for entering the said original assignments, for which the said clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers shall be paid the sum of two shillings and sixpence, and no more; and after such entry made^ such assignment or transfer shall intitle such assignee, his, her, and their executors and administrators, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and such assignee may, in like manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and after such notification it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who shall have made such alignments or transfers to make void, release, or discharge the original security, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

L. Provided always, That nothing in this ail contained shall Not to preextend, or be construed to extend, to rake away any rights, ju- judice the rifdidion, power, or authority of the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, or any other body politick or cor- London, °&c. porate, or other person or persons whatsoever, or to enable the of to erect weirs, locks, turnpikes, or toll-gates within the liberties or jurisdiction of the city of London.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Writings to rity aforesaid, That no nomination, appointment, information, be without order, judgement, conviction, warrant, or other writing whatsoever, under the hand and seal or hands and Teals, or only signed by any commissioner or of for putting this act in execution, or any justice or justices of the peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in the execution of any power or authority hereby vested in such of or justices of the peace, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever.

LII. And be it enacted and declared, by the authority afore- Limitation of fcid. That if any action shall be brought or salt commenced a-

gainst

General iffoe.

[Treble costs.]

Expences of passing the ad how to be paid.

Pyxes, &c. how to be recovered.

Anno undecitOo

Sind any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of is ad, every such action or suit shall be brought or commenced in the county or place where the cause of action or suit shall arise, and not elsewhere, and within the space of six calendar months next after the cause of action shall accrue, and oot afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and tbclpe-cial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought or commenced after the time before limited for bringing or commencing the lame, or shall be brought or commenced in any other county or place; then, and in such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if any verdict shall pafsagaind the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and shall have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

LIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the cods and charges of obtaining this act shall be paid by the general treasurer of the said navigation, appointed, as herein before directed, out of the fird money that shall be. paid into his hands in pursuance and according to the directions of this act, to Thomas IVaHtr esquire, town clerk of the dty of Oxford, his executors or administrators, upon his or their producing to such treasurer a bill of cods and dilourfements on account of passing this act, signed by any seven of the said of, or their certificate or allowance thereof; and the said treasurer of the said navigation is required to pay the same accordingly on fight of such bill, certificate, or allowance, so as aforesaid signed; and the receipts of the said Thomas Walker, his executors or ad* minidratdrs, shall be good and diffident vouchers to such treasurer, and allowed in nis accounts for what he shall so, as aforesaid, pay to the said Thomas Walker^ his executors or administrators, in pursuance of this act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all fines and forfeitures inflicted by this act, or by any rules, bye-laws, or constitutioni to be made by the said of, or any seven or more of them, by the authority thereof, the levying and recovering of which said fines and forfeitures are not herein before particularly directed, shall be levied by wsyrrant under the band and seal or hands and fealsof one or more judice or justices of the peace of the county where the offence shall be committed, for which such fine or forfeiture is inflicted; which said judice or judices is and are hereby authorised, within the limits of their respective iurif-didions, to hear and examine witnesses upon oath, and deter-n)ine the same; and may, according to his or their discretion,

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 46, -47. 205

mitigate any fine or forfeiture herein before allowed to be mitigated; and all such respective fines, forfeitures, and penalties by this act imposed and inflisted, or authorised to be imposed and afflisted, the application whereof is not herein before particularly directed, mall be paid into the hands of the treasurer or receiver of the monies to be raised by virtue of this act, and shall be applied and disposed of for the use of the said navigation, and to and for no other life or purpose whatsoever.

LV. Provided always, That any person or persons thinking Allowing ap-himself or themselves aggrieved by any order or judgement made peal* to the or given in pursuance of any rule, bye-law, or constitution of guarter-fef-the said commissioners, or by the order or determination of any fiont* of the said of, may, within three calendar months after such order shall have been made, and notice given, complain to the justices of the peace at their general quarter sessions to be held in and for the said counties of Middlesex

Butts, Berks, Oxford, or Wilts respectively, where the cause of appeal shall arise, and not elsewhere, who shall, in a summary way, other hear and determine the said complaint at such general or quarter sessions, or if they think proper adjourn the hearing thereof to the next general or quarter session of the peace to be held for the said counties respectively i and if they fee cause, may mitigate any forfeiture or fine, and may order any money to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of such rule, bye-law, order, or determination, and may also order such further satisfaction to the party injured as they shall think reasonable.

[Publick act.]

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a pubuck aft; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons, without spedally pleading the same.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for paving, and keeping in repair, the streeti, lane*, and paffagee, in the pamh of Saint Lake, in the county of Middlesex; for removing obstructioiM and annoyance* therein; and for widening the callages at the west end of Chiswell.street, and at the south end of Brick-lane, in the said parish j and for other purpose* therein mentioned.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain suns of money,

to be raised by a l.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal the preamble.

of Great Britain, in parliament towards the ntassary fitpplies to defray your Majesty publick, have freely refohed to give and grant unto your the sum of fix bun- fijo.oooo L to

drtd aid fifty thousand pounds, to be raised by a lottery, to consist of* raised by a. fifty thousand tickets, at thirteen pounds each, in such manner as Is herein eg, ter directed and appointed: and whereas, and uc

upon '

206

kets, at vi 1. each.

Subscriber* tc pay in respect of each ticket]

a I. by June 7»*77«.

jl. by Julyia 31, by Aug.aii

41. by Oct. 3*

Contributors payingjn the whole of their subscriptions by Aug. 13,77i*

Hiall be allowed interest, after the rate of 3 L per cent, to 061* If77*.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47. [1770.

Upon the fevered terms and conditions expressed hr the food rtfikiim, fevered perfims have* in forts opened at the bank of England far that furpofty subscribed together the tobolr of the fend sum of fen bnirti and fifty thousand pounds* and made deposits with the cashier tr carters of the governor and company of (be bank of England of omfnad in respect of every futb ticket* year faithful eommans do therefm most humbly befetth yonr Metjtfly that it may be eua&td \ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords pintail and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afictribied* and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all persons, natives or foreigners* bodies politick or corporate, who, in pursuance of the said resolution, (halt have, on or befertthe eighteenth day of April* one thousand seven hundred and fe-veuty-one, subscribed towards the said Aim of six hundred and fifty thousand pounds, and made, in respect thereof, such deposit as aforesaid, to advance and pay, and they or their executors, admin istrators, successors, and assigns, are hereby required to advance and pay, unto the caftiicr or ca Oners of the said governor ami company of the bank of England* (which calhver and cafltiers is and are hereby appointed die receiver or receivers of such contributions, without any other wdrrant to be had on that behalf) the remaining sum of twelve pounds in respttft of each ticket subscribed for towards raising the hid sum of six hundred and fifty thousand pounds, on or Wore the respedbve days, and in the proportions herein after farrited and appointed on that behalf; (that is to say) fot and m respect of each and every fodt ticket in the Arid ldttery the further sum of two pounds,being part of the sum (b remaining unpaid on or before the seventh day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy one; the further (urn of three pounds, other part there-, of, on or before the tenth day of July then next following; the further sum of three pounds, other part thereof, on or before the twenty-first day of August then next fotkwving; and the remaining sum of four pounds on or before the thin# day of October then next following: and that every such contributor or adventurer in the said lottery, for every sum of thirteen pounds which he or she shall have (0 advanced, shall be intitled to such lot or share upon each fortunate ticket belonging to him or her as is herein after mentioned.

II. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all such subscribers or adventurers, their executors, administn-.tors, successors, and assigns, paying in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed, or which they (hah Vt respect lively liable to pay towards the said sum of six hundred and fifty thousand pounds, on or before the fifteenth day of Aimft, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, shall be allowed an interest by way of discount, after the rate of three pounds eentvm per annum* on the monies (0 to be paid by them for completing their contributions respectively, to be computed from the day of completing the same to the third day of Offthr, one

207

1

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47.

thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; which allowances shall be paid by the said cashier or cashiers out of the monies so contributed respectively, as soon as such subscribers or adventurers, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns,

shall have completed such tespective payments; and that all the said contributors or adventurers, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, paying in the whole of their monies to be by them respectively contributed towards the said sum of six hundred and fifty thousand pounds, shall have lottery tickets delivered to them, to the amount of the several sums so by them paid, for the purchase thereof, at the rate of thirteen pounds for each ticket, as soon as such tickets can conveniently be made oat.

III. Provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall givecafhier* to

security, to the good liking of any three or more of the com- give securitiea rnissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time be- to the coming, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Ma- of

jesty's exchequer, for the publick use, all the monies which he for thefr

or they hath or have already received, and shall hereafter rc- ing the mo-ceive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of fix hun- nies into the dred and fifty thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the exchc<ltter* same, and for performance of the tvuft hereby in him and them reposed; and shall, from time to time, pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days'afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducing the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act; for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Treasury to it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the commission- apply the mo-ers of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to J^vice*tvoted issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money as t^s itflion. shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 500, 000! to be

That the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, part of the divided into said sum of six hundred and fifty thousand pounds, shall be di- Prizcs« vided into prizes to be drawn in the said lottery, in such manner as is by this act appointed and directed j from each of which out of which prizes there shall severally be a deduction after the rate of ten a deduction t# pounds for every one hundred pounds; and that the Aims re- m*de xnaining, after such deductions as aforesaid, shall be payable out J^cvcry tool of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this session of parliament, in such manner as is herein after mentioned j and the and paid inio of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or (nore the bank, out of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, is or are here- of Aie supplies by required and authorised, by warrant orwarrants under his or tAlU

their hand or hands, to cause the amount of the said several

prizes,

Anno undeamo ueokgii

prices, after making such deductions aforesaid, to be iftd and paid out of the said aids or supplies to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the respective proprietors of the several fortunate tickets, in the manner herein after mentioned and directed, as soon as certificates can be made out for the sums due in respect of the same.

Managers and VI. And, far efiabUJbing a method for drawing the fund

directors of lottery, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lottery to such persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or by tseuti- any 'hree or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, toy.*or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be managers and directors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to over-fee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform such other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this directed and appointed by such managers and directors to be done and performed and that such managers and directors shall meet together, from time to time, at some publick office or place, for the execution of the powers and trusts in them reposed by Method of the this act; and that the said managers and directors, or so many lottery books, of them as shall be present at any such meeting, or the major pan of them, shall cause books to be prepared, in which every leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three columns; and upon the innermost of the said three columns there be printed fifty thousand tickets, to be numbered one, mo, three, and so onwards in an arithmetical progression, where the common excess is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of fifty thousand; and upon the middle column in every of the said books shall be printed fifty thousand tickets of the same breadth and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the said books there shall be printed a third rank or series of tickets, of the same number with those of the oher wo columns; which tickets shall severally be of an oblong figure, and in the said books shall be joined with oblique lines, flouriihes, or devices, in such manner at the bid managers and directors, or the major part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every ticket in the third or extreme column of the said books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the number of such ticket) words or figures to this efie&: i

LOTTERY for the year one thousand seven hundred and

THE bearer of this tide! will, in pursuance of An act made in the eleventh year of his present Maftfij's reign, be such beneficial chance as shall belong thereto, sn the lottery to be dram by virtue and under the directions of the said

Managers to

VII. And it is hereby enacted, That the bid managers and examine the directors, or so many of them as (halt be present at any such book* with the meeting,

i

mj 7°.] Anne uftdectmo Georgii III. c. 47. I09

sneering, or the major part of them so present, shall carefully tickets, and examine all the said books with the tickets therein, and take deliver them <^ure that the same be contrived, numbered, and made, accor- effhiers of* he ding to the true intent and meaning of this act; and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the same books, and every or a receipt for any of them, as they shall be examined, to the cashier or ca(h- the same, iers of the governor and company of the bank of England, taking from such cashier or cashiers an acknowledgement in writing, under his or their hand or hands, importing his or their xeccipt of such bookorbooksi and so many tickets therein as shall be delivered to him or, them respectively, that so the said cashier or cashiers may be charged to answer thirteen pounds for every one of the tickets in the extreme columns which shall be delivered to him or them, or for so many of them as he or they shall not deliver back to the said managers and directors; and ill and every such cashier or cashiers respectively is and are hereby directed and required, upon his or their receipt of every or any intire sum of thirteen pounds in full payment for a ticket from any person or persons respectively contributing, or adventuring, as aforesaid, from time to time, to cut out of the said book or books so to be put into his or their custody* through the said oblique lines, ilouriihes, or devices, indent-wife, in the said extreme columns, such tickets as shall be necessary to be delivered to the several persons intifled thereto as aforesaid j which tickets the said cashier or cashiers shall (igri with his or their own name or names; and he or they shall permit the respective person or persons so intifled, if it be defi-red, to write his or her name or mark on the corresponding tickets in the same book or books; and at the same time thg laid cashier or cashiers shall deliver to such person or persons the ticket or tickets so cut off, which he, she, or they, are td keep and ufefor the better ascertaining and securing the interest which he, she, or they, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall dr may have in the drawing of the said lottery.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said cashier or cashiers, on or before the fourteenth t£c unday of Qfiohtr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, disposed tic-shall redeliver to the said managers and directors, at their said kets, office or place of meeting, all the said books, and therein all the tickets which the said cashier or cashiers shall not have cut out of the same, and delivered to the persons intitled thereto as aforesaid; and shall then and there also deliver to the said ma-nagers and directors a true and just account in writing, under ^oniM ^4 his or their hand or hands, of all sums of money accrued or in, come to the hands of such cashier or cashiers by or for the tickets delivered, or to be delivered out pursuant to this aift, and how the same, or how much thereof, shall have been actually paid by such cashier or cashiers into the receipt of tht Exchequer ... for the purposes herein mentioned j and that the said managers JiakAnobe Vol. XXIX. O and

faliened with filkj

a io Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47. [1770.

delivered into and directors, or the major part of them which shall be present the exchequer. af0relaid9 shall forthwith cause all the tickets of the said out-ertnoft columns which shall not have been delivered to the contributors and adventurers as aforesaid (if any such be) to be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to be retained and kept as cash, to be issued, fold, and disposed of for raising money for the purposes in this act mentioned, as any three of the commilGooers of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall judge fitting.

Tickets of the

IX. And be it further enacted, That tte said managers and middle co- directors, or the major part of them which shall be present atto bCnd a m€ct'nB as aforesaid, shall cause all the tickets of the middle columns in the books made out with three columns as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to them by or from the said cashier or cashiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up and cat offm- and made fast with thread or (ilk; and the said managers and dentwifeinto directors, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall, in withtb^kt- t^lc*r Prc^cncc» an<^, n presence of such contributors or ad-ter (A). - venturers as will be there, cause all the said tickets which are

to be so rolled up and made fast as aforesaid, to be cut off in-dentwife through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, into a box to be prepared for that purpose, and to be marked with the letter (A); which is presently to be put up into another strong box, and to be locked up with (even different locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the said managers and di-rectors, and sealed with their seals, or the seals of same of them, until the said tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after £ox to be mentioned; and that the tickets in the first or innermost co-locked up and lumns of the said books shall remain still in the books for dif-scaled. covering any mistake or fraud, (if any such Should happen to be committed) contrary to the true meaning of this adh Books to be X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That prepared with the said managers and directors, or the major part of them two columns, which shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, other books, in which every leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two columns; and upon the innermost of those two columns there shall be printed fifty thousand tickets, and upon the outermost of the said two columns ihere shall be printed fifty thousand tickets; all which shall be of equal length and breadth, as near as may be; which two columns in the said books shall be joined with some flourish or device through which the outermost tickets may be cut off indentwise; and that sixteen thousand six hundred and ninety tickets, part of those contained in the outermost columns of the books last mentioned, shall be and be called the fortunate tickets, to which benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned: and the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwise ex(fre(Ted, as well in figures as in words at length, in The number manner following \ (that is to fey) upon two of them feveradly,

twenty

on each of which 50, 000 tickets to be printed.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47* 211

twenty thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of and value of three of them severally, ten thousand pounds principal money $ the fortunate upon every one of five of them severally, five thousand pounds principal money 5 upon every one often of them severally, two thousand pound* principal, money; upon every one of fifteen of them severally, one thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of thirty of them severally, five hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of one hundred of them severally^ one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of two hundred and fifty of them severally, fifty pounds principal money; and upon every one of sixteen thousand two hundred and seventy-five of them severally, twenty pounds principal money: which principal sums so to be written, or otherwise expressod, upon the said fortunate tickets, together with one thousand 1000l. to tffc pounds principal money to be allows! to the owner of the first-^diwn drawn ticket upon each of the first six days of the drawing of06*0-the said lottery, and one thousand pounds principal money to and 10001. to the owner of the last drawn ticket, over and above the benefits thclaft-drawa» which maj happen to belong to the seven last mentioned tickets, or any of them, will amount, in the whole, to' the sum of four hundred and fifty thousand pounds: which said sum of four hundred and fifty thousand pounds, and no more, is to be paid at the bank of England to the proprietors of the said fortunate tickets, in proportion to their respective interests therein, in such manner as is appointed by this act; and the said managers and Tickets of the directors, or the major part of them who shall be present at a witermost co-meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said tickets contained in ]a^CQtion. the outer-mod columns of the said last mentioned books, to be, ed book to be in the presence of the said managers and directors, or the major rolled up and part of them which shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, dad* and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fastened with thread or (ilk, and carefully cut out indentwise, through the said flourish and cut out or device, into another box to be prepared for this purpose, and indentwise to be marked with the letter (B); which box shall be put into j^rked^ith another strong box, and locked up with feveodifferent locks and Jh* ictte" keys, to be kept by as many of the said managers, and sealed up (8). with their seals, or the Teals of Tome of them, until these tickets Box to be shall also be drawn in the manner and form herrin-after men- UP am* tioned 5 and that the whole business of rolling up, and cutting Bafinefe of off, and putting into the said boxes the said tickets, and locking rolling up the up and (eating the said boxes, shall be performed by the said tickets, &c. managers and directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before thfe© he.perform-lait six days immediately preceding the day by this act appoint- dayTpreced* ed for the drawing the said lottery: and, to the end every per- ing the draw* son concerned may be well assured that the counterpart of theing. same number with his or her ticket is put into the box marked Puj^ic P0* with the letter (A^) from whence the same may be drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby directed. Tome pub- tickets into lick notification* in print shall be given of the precise time or the boxes, times of putting the said tickets into the said boxes, to the end

o 2 that

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47. [1770.

that such contributors or adventurers as shall be minded to fee the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be- And^lt further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

gin drawing*That on or before the eighteenth day of November, one thousand oil 19 Nov. seven hundred and seventy-cne, the said managers and directors77* shall cause the said several boxes, with all the tickets thereto, to

1 be brought into the Guildhall of the city of London, so that the same may be there and placed on a table provided for that pur-Method to be pose, by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the same day; and

observed in shall then and there severally attend this service, and cause the

drawing, «c. two boXCS containing the said tickets to be severally taken out of the other two boxes in which they shall have been locked of; and the tickets or lots in the respective innermost boxes, being in the presence of the said managers and directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such contributors or adventurers as will be therafor the satisfaction of themselves, well.fttaken and mingled in each box difiin&ly, same one indifferent and fit persea, to be appointed and directed by the find managers, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the said numbered tickets shall be as aforesaid put, and one other indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed in like manner, shall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the said sixteen thousand six hundred and ninety fortunate, and thirty-three thousand three hundred and ten blank tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid$ and immediately both the tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the number as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket shall be named aloud; and if the a ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots, shall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket so drawn with the said blank at the same time drawn, shall both be put upon one file; and if the ticket so drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal futn written upon such fortunate ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a> clerk, which the said managers, or the major part of them as aforesaid shall employ and oversee for this purpose, into a book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the said fortunate tickets, and the principal sums whereunto they shall be intitled respectively, and two of the said managers shall set their names as witnesses to such entries; and the said fortunate and numbered tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another file; and so the said drawing of the tickets shall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the same, and by entering the fortunate lots in such method as is before mentioned, until the -whole number of sixteen thousand six hundred and ninety fortunate tickets, and one more for the last-drawn as aforesaid, After each completely drawn: and as the same cannot be perform-

day't draw- ed in one day's time, the said managers and directors shall cause fog, the boxes the boxes to be locked up and sealed in manner as aforesaid, and

I I

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47^ 3*$

adjourn till the next day, and so from day to day, and every day f0 be locked (except Sundays, Christmas-doji thanksgiving and fast-days) and up and leaded* then open the same, and proceed as above, till the said whole number of sixteen thousand ilx hundred and ninety fortunate tickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn as aforesaid$ and afterwards the said numbered tickets so drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a strong box locked up as aforesaid, and under the custody of the said managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the property thereof.

XII. And* to the end the fortunate may tnow whether absent or Number of presenty to what degree they have been Jo, be it enacted, That the t|lc fortunate said managers shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the k5rs and said drawing is over, cause to be printed and published the num- Sprinted*.0 ber of the tickets drawn against each fortunate ticket, and the*

principal futn written on the same 5 and if any contention or Disputes re-dispute shall aaife in the adjusting the property of the said fortu- lating hereto, nate tickets, the major part of the said managers agreeing the re-in shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: and ifgpr8< man?" any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or pro, penait-^; cure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in forging, &c. the forging or counterfeiting any ticket or tickets, certifi- ticket* or cate or certificates, order or orders made forth by virtue of certificates, this present act, or any former act), made for establishing any lottery or lotteries, or alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such false, -altered, forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, order or orders, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeit ticket, certificate, or order, or any such ticket, certificate or order, the number whereof, or any figure or word therein, shall have been altered, (knowing the same to be such) to the said managers, or any of them, or to the cashier or cashiers or accomptant-general of the bank of England for the time being, pr to any other person or persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent intention; or shall willingly aid, abet, assist, hire, Of command. Felony, any person or persons 10 commit any such offence or offences as aforesaid; then, and in every such case, all and every such person or persons, being thereof convicted.in due form of law, Hull be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised, required, and impowered, to cause any person or persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, assistant, hiring, or commanding, any person or persons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's gaol of New-gate, or to the common gaol of the county or place where such person or persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded 3-gainst for the said felony according to law.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, offenders flfe. That if any person or persons who shall commit any such of-ing out of

o 3 fence

m I

ai4 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47J [1770.

prison, disco- fence or offences as aforesaid, or be aiding, abetting, assisting, venng persont bireing, or commanding any person or persons therein, shall af-guilty, to be tCrward being out of prison, discover any one or more person /oL reward^ or Persons, who already have, or hereafter shall commit, or be aiding, abetting, or concerned in any such offence or offences as aforesaid, so as such person or persons so discovered be lawfully convicted of the same, such discoverer shall have, and is hereby intitled to his Majesty's most gracious pardon, for such his or her offences; and moreover, shall be intitled to a reward of fifty pounds lawful money of Great Britain for every such offender so convicted; to be paid out of the monies arising by virtue of this act, or any other the aids or supplies granted in this session of parliament, immediately upon such convictioa - as aforesaid.

froviTo.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no attainder for any the offences aforesaid shall make or work any con uption of blood, loss of dower, or disherison of heirs.

Managers to

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the autho-be (worn. jlty aforesaid, That every person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a manager and director for putting this act in execution, before his acting in such commission (except the administering the oath immediately herein after mentioned] shall take the oath following j that is to say.

The oath.*T A.B.as a manager and dir eft or of the lottery to be drawn in pur-JL fuance of an act of parliament made in the eleventh year of th Majesty's reign, do swear, that I will faithfully execute the truf n-posed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or meanly cr permit or dire ft any person to uje any indirect art or means, to obtain prize or fortunate lot therein; for myself or any other person wbtt-soever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prrjent oxj undue or fmijler pr aft ice to be dbne by any person voha/soever; ard that I will, to the befiof my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right docs belongs according to the true intent oni meaning of the said act.

whidh said oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other managers and directors.

Sve^beV.

XVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to subscrib*dUb!Z! anc* ^or^caMer or cashiers, having given security as fore receiving! aforesaid, at any time or times before such cashier or cashiers the lottery shall have received any book or books for the said lottery from the said managers comprehending the said fifty thousand tickets in three columns as aforesaid, to receive from the said contributors, or adventurers, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, the monies to be by them respectively paid on account of the said lottery at one intire payment, or in, suchnd to proportions and manner as aforesaid, before such cashier or

oote for the* ca^, ers shall have received such book or books; and the said same i cashier or cashiers shall give a note or receipt under his or their

hard

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47. 21$

hand or hands for the sum or Aims so paid; and shall be obliged the bearer* thereby, and by this act, to give the bearer of every such note entitled or receipt a ticket or tickets of the extreme column of three columns, book or books aforesaid, for every thirteen Seketfor* pounds so contributed, paid, or answered, as soon as he or every 13I, so they shal] be enabled thereunto by delivery of any such book paid, or books to him or them from the said managers as afore- v

said; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, That in case any such contributor or Contributors adventurer as aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid down not making to fuen cashier or cashiers a proportion of his, her, or their p^roen£r consideration-money towards the said lottery, his, her, or their within the executors, administrators, successors or assigns do not advance times limit-and pay unto such cashier or cashiers the remaining part of his, cd* her, or their consideration-money so to be paid in full for such ticket or tickets as aforesaid, on or before the times for paying forfeit their thereof as aforesaid; that then, and in every such case, every witl* such contributor, or adventurer, shall forfeit and lose to his Ma- lhe

jesty, for the use of the publick, the proportion of his, her, or.^1 their purchase-money which he, she, or they, shall have so paid down as aforesaid towards the lottery; and in such case, no ticket or tickets (halt be delivered out by the said cashier or cashiers to such contributor or contributors, adventurer, or adventurers, making such default; but the ticket and tickets which Should have been delivered to them respectively, had they paid the full money for the same, shall be returned and delivered to 1

ttfe said managers and directors by the said cashier or cashiers, together with the other tickets (if any) in the outermost column of the book and books first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of as aforesaid; and such ticket and tickets, upon and for which defaults of pay- and the tick-ments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into cts for such the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, with other the said un- to J*

disposed tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as cash, into the ex-and to be issued, fold, and disposed of for the purposes and in chequer, the manner herein before directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed tickets; and the said contributor and contributors, adventurer and adventurers, making such default,

shall not have or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any benefit or advantage for or in respect of the money which he, she, or they, shall have paid for or towards the purchase of such ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the autho- Treasury to rity aforesaid, That out of the monies to arise by the contribu- pay the nations to the said lottery, it shall and may be lawful to and for j?aScr, > any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, cjdcntal wc-1* or the high treafgrer for the time being, to reward the pences. said managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and per-

o 4 fons

limitation of the salt of pbances, See.

penalty.

Office, keepers, &c. feUit {hate* in tickets of Whiffc they a not poflVffcfJ

(forfeit 5001.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47; [1770.

fons that shall and may be any ways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains, and to discharge such incident cxpeoccs as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such man* ner as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall, from time to time, think fit and reasonable in that behalf; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefrud. That no person or persons shall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, or any share or (bares of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, for a day, or part of a day, or for a longer time less than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or shall receive any money whatsoever |n consideration of the repayment of any sum or Turns of money, in case any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove fortunate; or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, either as to the time of such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every person and persons who shall offend in any of the said matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the sum and sums of money which shall have been received by such person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and every such sale, wager, or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ig That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, or shall print or publish any fckeme or proposal for receiving any sum or sums of money, in consideration of any interest to be re granted for the same, in any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, 'whereof such person or persons shall not then, and at the actual time of drawing such ticket or tickets, be possessed, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid, in case any ticket or number of tickets in the said lottery, which shall not then, and at the actual time of drawing the said ticket or tickets, be in the possession of such person or persons, shall prove fortunate or unfortunate; ail and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at lVcJlminsters in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof, to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the.other moiety to be paid to the person 01 persons who shall sup for the same; and also shall fpffer three mopths imprifpnment without bail or mainprize.

277°*] Anpo uadcdmo Georgii III. c. 47; 217

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Offence* # That if any offence against this all, or any of the alVs of par- JreUnd a-" Itament made in this kingdom for preventing private and unlaw-

ful lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland, the offender shall in- preventing cur the like penalty and punishment, to be inflilted in like man- unlawful leaner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom; and that ade such penalties as by this all, or any of the said acts, are direct- pu a C*.cd to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, shall, in case of offences committed against this act, rued for in or any of the said acts, in Inland, be recovered in any of his Dublin. Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The fom of That the sum of four hundred and fifty thousand pounds as a-50, 0001. pay-foresaid, to be paid for and in respect of all the said fortunate of^h^fortu^ tickets, shall be, and is hereby charged upon, and shall be issued nate tickets*and paid out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this fef- is charged up-fion of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand fe- on the aid* in ven hundred and seventy-one, in manner herein before mentioned, and shall be paid, upon demand, by the said governor e 18*l0f!*and company of the bank of England, in money, without any the bank further or other deduction whatsoever to the respective proprie- without de-tors of such fortunate tickets, on the first day of March one duftion. thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or as soon thereafter After the 9* certificates can be made out for ascertaining, in manner here- drawing of in after mentioned, the ftfms to be paid upon the said tickets; the lottery, which tickets, after the drawing of the said lottery is completed tlc,ets to and ended, shall be exchanged for certificates, to be signed by certificate*, such of the said managers as Inal) be appointed for that purpose.

XXIII. And, to the end that all and every the payttunts upon the Manager* to fortunate tickett may be more eajily ascertained, settled, and adjusted, give notice of for the persont who shall become intitled thereunto, be it further en- the time for sited. That such of the said managers as any three or more of 1 the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the delivering out time being, shall appoint to take in the said fortunate tickets, the certifi-and deliver out the said certificates for and in lieu thereof, shall, cate*» &<* as soon as may be, give notice by advertisement, to be printed and published in manner as they shall think fit, of the days and times for taking in the said fortunate tickets, and delivering out of the said certificates, for and in lieu of the same; and every Certificates to certificate shall be numbered in course according to the bringing be numbered, the rickets to the managers so to be appointed for exchanging the same j to which purpose such managers shall enter, or cause to be entered, in a book or books to be by them kept for that Books to be purpose, the name of every person who shall bring any such for- kept foren-. tunate ticket or tickets to be exchanged for such certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the fortunate ticket Ibns bringing" or tickets which shall be so brought, the value in money pay- tickets to be able thereupon, and the day of the month and the year of our exchanged, lord when the same was so brought; which book and books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the said ticket* to be exchanged for such certificates, for all persons concerne4

Treifory to discharge ill incident charges attending the execution at tU» id.

218 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 47J [1770.

Certificstet to cemed to peruse; all which certificates shall be signed by the he signed, dec. managers so to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be directed to the chief caQiicr or cashiers of the bank of England.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies to be received in pursuance erf this act, or out of any the aids or supplies granted in this session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, any three or more of the commissioner$ of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident charges, not hereby otherwise provided for, as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall Teem just and reasonable, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cathiers, and any other person or persons for receiving* Paying, and accounting for the said contributions, and for performing the trust hereby reposed in him or them; ail which allowances to be made as aforesaid in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects fof receiving or paying the said contribution-

mwim, monies, or any of or for any tallies or receipts concem-v£oniesfor"for ing the same, or for issuing the monies payable in respect of the issuing re- said fortunate tickets, upon pain that any officer or person of-cripts or mo- fending by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, orgratu-ity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty on penalty of pounds to the party aggrieved, with full coftaof suit; tobere-covered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be lued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this*,

[General issue.]

such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be non-suited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, ag any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution*

Treble cefta.

i9

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 48;

CAP. XLVin.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund) and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the fetvkeof the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and for further appropriating the suppliet granted in this session of parliament, for carrying to the aggregate fund a sum of mOtoey which hath arisen by the two Sevenths excise, and for enabling the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to pay to John Doblon, owner of the Gteenland ship lord Molyneux, the bounty due for the said ship on the lait year's fishery.

Preamble* 1, 650*000l. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year j to be lifted by the treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered to raise the said Aim, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund; and to strike tallies of loan, with orders for repayment of the money so advanced j and interest payable quarterly* Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment* nor fee to be taken 1 on forfeiture of treble damages* with full cods. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment. Auditor, Sec. neglecting his duty, liable for damages, Set. to be recovered in any of the courts of record at Wedminder. No Undue preference in the regidering, where rallies or orders are brought the same day) nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be reserved for the precedent orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more adviseable* the treasury may raise the said fom by exchequer bills, indead of loans*the bills in such case to be made as those prescribed by the malt act of this Jeffioo. All advantages and penalties in the malt act of this session* relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth* extended to this act. The said excheqifer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend the said sum* not with (landing aft 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias. The sum of 691, 9771. 7 s.9d. Surplus of the sinking fund in the exchequer on 5 April 1771; and 10, 0001* xs. 6d. iq. remaining in the exchequer on 5 April 1771, and 89, 6581* 16s. 9d. iq directed by act of last session; 400, 000l. by act 9 Geo. 3. to be paid by the East India company $ and such monies as shall be paid into the exchequer between April 1771, and 5 April 1771, of the duties on gum (enega and gum arabic, charged by act 5 Geo. 3. to be applied for the Service of: the current year. 10, 000l. out of the monies paid into the exchequer, on 5 April 1771, being the produce of duties reserved towards expence of defending, Sec. the Bririth colonies in America* Sec. be applied towards making good the sum granted for maintaining the garrisons in the plantations, and for provisiens for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the Ceded Islands. Appropriation of the supplies. The monies arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, and' 691, 9771. 7s. 9d. remaining in the exchequer on 5 April 1771, surplus of the sinking fund; and 10, 0001* is. 6d. 1 q. AirpluOesremaining on 5 A-.pril 1771 $ and 891658!*, 16s. 9d. iq. remaining in the exchequer, and 400, 0001. by act 9 Geo. 3. and such monies as shall be paid into the exchequer between April 1771, and 5 April i77irof the produce of the dutiea on gnra fenegd and gum Arabic $ and 1, 650, 000b granted by this acx out of the sinking fund, together with the residue of the monies arising from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war) and alto such monies as his Majesty shall direct, out of monies arising by sale of Ceded lands in the* West Indies, viz. out of the aforesaid aids, 1, 881, 499). 18s* 7d. towards navalierviccsherein specified) 100, 0001, towards paying oft the debt of the navy; 159, 074! r6s. nd. for charges of the office of ordnance. 3c, 443 1. 7d. to the said office, for services performed in 1770* not provided for. 1, 790, 319l. 13 a. id. and one eighth of a penny, towards the land forces and other.services in general; of which 710, 6191* 11s. 3d, for defraying the charges of 13, 431 effective men. See. and 1101 invalids* for guards and garrisons* Set, in Great Britain* Jersey, and

Guern*

Anno undecimo Georgzi J1L c. 49; f 1770;

Guernsey; 4591170l. it. vid. and ooe eiebth of a penn^ for stardt tad garrisons in the plantations, and Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, &c. and provisions for th^ forces abroad; 45331* imt. ftd. to make good tk difference of pay between the British and IrUh establishment, oftroops in the Ide of Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and Ceded islands. 11, 1911* 8s. 6d. tq. ior general and general ftalf officers; 117.8581. sot. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 12771. 15s. 5 d. to the two troops of horse guaids, and regiment of horse reduced; and to the superannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horse guards; % q6 % 1. 11 s. 8 a. to reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced j 6641. to thp pen-front of officers widows; 112, 05l. to the out-pensioners of Chelsea Bofpi-tal j 359, 9271. 7 d.»q. towards extraordinaij expences of the land, forces, and other ler*ices incurred, and not provided for. 1, 800, 000 L for discharging exchequer bills of laRfession. 14, 7001. to make good to his Majesty the like sum iflfued pursuant to the addresses of the booie of commons; 5796L iot. 5 d.for supporting 1 he civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 50861. for the civil establdbvnenr of Georgia; 43501, for the civil establishment of Ealt Florida; 6^col. for the civil efUblishment of Welt Florida; 1885l. 4s. for defraying expences attending funreys in North America. Not exceeding 13, 000l. for repairing and maintaining the forts in Africa. Not exceeding 63361, gd. aq. for supporting the civil establishment of Senegambia. Not exceeding sooool. for repairing the fort of Cape Coast Cattle. Not exceeding 29701. for the maintenance, dec. of deserted young children, from 31 Dec. 1770, to 31 Dec. 1771. Not exceeding 17, 0301. for defraying expences of children admitted before March 25, 8760. 2000l. towards building a bridge crofr the Thames; 5000l. to

merchants trading to the Levant; 28, 365l. 15s. 8d. incurred by the £afr India company, antecedent to the surrender of Manilla; 60091 192. 3 d-to the province of Ntw Hampshire, for provisions, &c. to the troops in '3756. 6918l. ts. for defraying ^xpence of new roads, &c. in the highlands of Scotland in 1771* 7991- its. id. (to be made good to his Majesty) paid to persons in preventing the distemper among horned cattle. 35, 085]. 28. nd. to make good deficiencies in 1771* The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned. Rules to he observed in the application of the half pay. Act 10° Geo. 3. Rules to be observed in the application of the surplus of the Turns appropriated to the payment of reduced officers. Act 6° Geo. 2. Commissioners of the treasury to direct the payment of the bounty formerly granted,

CAP. XLIX.

AnaS to continue for a further, an Act passed in the

Jitctb year of his present Majesty's reigny, An Act to prohibit the importation of foreign-wrought silks and velvets for a limited time and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the silk manufacture.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the law her tin-after mentioned hat by experience been found ujefuland benefcial, and if near expiring; may

it please your Majesty that it may b^enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of Act 6 Geo. ;, his present Majesty, (intituled An act to prohibit the importation of foreign-wrought fills and velvets for a limited time; and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the silk

facture), which was to continue in force for five years, from the

four-

i77"1 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 50, £2*

fourteenth day nf June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty* fix, mud from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from further conti-the expiration thereof until the fourteenth day of June, one nued till June thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, and from thence to the 'll* end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. L.

An Act for granting a bounty upon the importation of white \ oak staves* and heading* from the Bricifti colonies or plantations in America.

WHEREAS the allowing a bounty upon the importation of white Preamble* oak Jlavts* and heading for eafhs, from British colonies or plantations in America into this kingdom, under certain restric-tiens, may tend to promote the trade and intercourse-of the fetid plantations with Great Britain, and Be a meins of supplying the manufacturers of casks for the use of the brewert and di/titiers in this kingdom with such materials at more reasonable rates than they can at pro-sent be procured* as well as of saving great fams of money to his Ma-Jtfly's subjects* which are now expended for the purchofe thereof a-mougft foreign nations: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con* sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven After 1 Jan. hundred and seventy-two, every person or persons who shall, 177*1 persont, within the time appointed by this act, import, or cause to be the imported, into the ports of London, Southampton, Poole, Exeter, ed^mp^tinr Plymouth* Bristol, Liverpoole, IVh'ttehavtn, Glasgow, Leith, Hull, jnro the ports NeweaJUe* and Yarmouth, or either of them, directly from any of London, of the British colonies or plantations in America, in any ship or Southampton, ships that may lawfully trade thither, manned as by law is re- ^nd and quired, any good, found, and merchantable staves, and heading merchantable of white oak, free from fap, wormholes, knots, and bites, of staves and the following dimenfions, of the growth or product of the said hea.dinS of colonies or plantations, shall have and enjoy as a bounty or pre- ^owth of the mium for such importation, the following sums j that is to say, plantations,

For every one thousand and two hundred (each hundred con- What bounty taining five score) of pipe staves, each stave not being less than the7 cn- five feet six inches long, from four inches and one-half of an, oy* inch to six inches broad, and two inches thick at the thinned edge, which shall be so imported from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the sum.of six pounds, and in the like proportion for any greater or less number.

For every one thousand and eight such hundred of hogshead staves, each stave not being less than four feet six inches long, from four inches and one-half of an inch, to six inches broad,

and

If the collector, where the goods are imported has not money sufficient m his hands to pay the bounty, on certifying the same to the commissioners of the customs, f he same to be

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 50. [1770.

and one inch and one-half of an inch thick at the thirtnoft edge, which Stall be so imported from and after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, totbe&rft day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the sum of six pounds, and in the like proportion for any greater or left number.

For every two thousand and four such hundred of barrel Saves, each Save being three feet six inches to three feet eight inches at the lead in length, from four inches to five inches broad, and one inch and onewulf of an inch thick at the thinnest edge, which shall be so imported from and after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sevenry-two, to the M day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the sum of six pounds, and in the like proportion for any greater or less number.

For every three thousand and fix such hundred pieces of pipe hogshead and barrel heacting, each piece of pipe heading bong two feet eight inches long, each piece of hogshead heading being two feet four inches long, and each piece of barrel heading be* ing two feet and one inch long at the least, and each such respective piece of heading being from five to six inches broad, and two inches thick at the thinnest edge, which shall be so imported from and after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and feveoty-two, to the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, the sum of six pounds, and in the like proportion for any greater or less number.

For every one thousand two hundred such pipe (laves; for every one thousand eight hundred such hogshead fiavei; for every two thousand four hundred such barrel staves; and for every three thousand six hundred pieces of such heading as 1-bove described, which shall be so imported from and after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, to the nrft day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, the sum of four pounds: and for every one thousand two hundred such pipe staves; for every one thousand eight hundred such hogshead staves; for every two thousand four hundred such barrel staves; and for every three thousand six hundred pieces of such heacting, as above described, which shall be so imported from and after the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, to the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, the sum of two pounds; to be paid on demand to the importer of such goods, by the collector of the port where the same shall be respectively imported as aforesaid, out of any money in his hands arising by any of the duties of customs on goods imported: and in case the collector of the customs where such goods shall be imported shall not have money sufficient in his hands to pay the same, he is hereby required to certify the same to the of of the customs, who shall cause the same to be paid by the receiver-general of his Majesty's customs the said premium or bounty for the said goods imported into England, 10

l77°*\ Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 50. 223

ke paid by the receiver-general of the customs in England; and p»M by therefor such at shall be imported into Scothndy to be paid by the re-ccfvcrene' ceiver-general there. ra '

II. Andy in order to intitle the importer of such goods to the boun- officers of the ty or premium granted by this ably and to prevent frauds by import- customs, be ing foreign or other staves or heading not intitled theretOy be it fur- j°rc g°°^f ar« ther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may m

be lawful for the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's cu- intent to b«° ftonrrs, before such goods are laden on board any ship or ve(Te! imported, in any of the said colonies or plantations, with an intent to be imported into this kingdom, for the bounty or premium herein before granted, carefully to examine such goods, by such arc carefully means as he or they shall think proper, to find out and discover f.° ?xa*jlc whether the same in every respect answer the deferiprion herein uch sood<* before mentioned: and all and every person and persons hnport- persons lining any such goods into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall produce porting such to the collector, comptroller, or principal officer of the customs, 8°?* '"Jj at the port of importation, a certificate, under the hand and p£3oce to seal of the governor, lieutenant-governor, collector of his Ma- the collector jesty's customs, and naval officer, or any two of them residing at the port of and being within the said colonies or plantations, that before importation, the departure of such ship or vfeflel the person or persons loading fr)^go-the same had made oath before them, that the said goods so vernor, toe. shipped on board were truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of ibme or one of the British colonies or plantations in Amtritay and specifying the colony or colonies, plantation or plantations respectively, of which such goods is or are the growth or produce, (which oath the said governor, lieutenant-governor and collector of his Majesty's customs, and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer); and the said certificate shall also exprefs the number, quantity, qua- Certificate to lity, and species of each fort of goods respectively, and that the express the same had been examined by the proper officer or officers of the number, customs before the shipping thereof, pursuant to the directions of this act; which officer or officers is and are hereby required of goodi? to certify therein, whether such goods, or any part thereof, are or are not made from white oak, and good, found, and merchantable, free from fap, wormholes, knots, and bites, and are or are not of the dimensions and deferiprions herein before respectively mentioned j and the master, or other person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel importing such goods, shall, on his arrival, make oath before the collector, comptroller, or principal officer of the customs, at the port of importation, that the said goods so imported were truly laden oa board his ship or vessel, in one of the said colonies or plantations, and are the same goods as are contained and mentioned in such certificate.

III. Andy for the bitter prevtnting frauds in the entering any ^officers of the the goods before menttonedy in order to obtain the bounty thereony be customs, attar it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and entry, to may be lawful for any proper officer or officers of the customs, ^ecxa^l*»

after tien.

X

«4

No gratuity to be demanded by officers for examining!

Tior for (ign-ing any certificates, for recovering the bbuftty.

If any staves, &c. of the produce of the colonies be exported from Britain, Bounty to be paid by the persons exporting the same*

Persons fraudulently exporting on board any ship staves and heacting, without paying the bounty, to forfeit the same.

Collectors, &c. making false certificates, &c.

or if any ma iter, &c. shall make any talfe oath concerning the identity of (tayes,

X

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 50.

[177a

after the entry, and at or after the landing of Inch goods, to take (ample* thereof, in such manner, and in such proportion, as he or they shall judge proper, to examine the same; and if, upon such examination, it ftteU appear, that in the whole quantity so entered there are to the amount of ten pieces in an hundred that do not, in all respects, answer the descriptions and dimensions herein-before described, so as to be intitled to the bounty herein-before granted; then, and in such case, no bounty shall be paid or allowed for any part of the hundred pieces in which such deficient ten pieces shall be found; and if more than twenty pieces in an hundred of the quantity so entered shall be found, on such examination, not to be intitled to the bounty; then, besides the loss of the said bounty, the importer shall also forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds5 to be prosecuted and recovered as herein-afttr mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fee, gratuity, or reward, mall be demanded, taken, or received, by any officer of his Majesty's customs for examining, viewing or delivering such staves and heading with respeff to the premium or bounty allowed by this atft, or for the signmgany of the certificates in order to the receiving such premium or bounty, or for paying the same; and any such officer demanding or taking such fee or reward, shall, for such offence, forfeit his office, and be for ever after incapable of executing any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such staves and heading of the growth or product of any of the said colonies or plantations shall be again exported from Great Britain, then, and in every such case, the persons exporting the lame shall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the col-le&or of the customs of the port where the same shall be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the foil sum which is allowed as a premium or bounty by this act on all such staves and>heading as he intends to export.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee or assigns, shall be found fraudulently to export or load on board any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, such staves and heading without paying such premium or bounty to the chief officer or collector of the customs as aforesaid, such person and persons shall forfeit and lose all such staves and heacting, and double the value thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any collector or comptroller of the customs, or naval of? ficer, shall make any false certificate; or if any merchant, trader, factor, or other person, shall make any false oath with regard to the growth of such staves and heacting; or if any master or commander #f any ship or vessel shall make any false oath concerning the certificate for or the identity of such staves and heacting; or if any person or persons shall counterfeit any such certificate, as is herein-before drafted to be made, in order to ob-

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 50. 225

tain any premium or bounty hereby granted; all and every fuel* or persons person and persons so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, counterfeiting shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and, if any such cate/to^obtain person so offending shall be, a collector, comptroller, or naval the bounty, officer, or any other officer of the customs, he shall also forfeit to forfeit aool. and lose his office, and be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Forfeiture*in That the several penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted

shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, determined, and recover- covered'by*" ed, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's plaint or in-courts of record at Westminster, or the court of exchequer in Scot- formation. land, or in any of the courts of admiralty in his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America respectively, where such penalty

or forfeiture shall be Incurred; wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed;

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Application That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, shall, if of penalties, incurred in Great Britain, be applied, one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall sue for the same; and all such penalties and forfeitures as shall be incurred, in any of the said colonies or plantations, shall be applied, one-third part thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, one third part to the use of the governor of the colony or plantation where such penalty and forfeiture is incurred, and the remaining third part to such person or persons as shall sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Limitation of if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or a&ons. persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, every such

action or suit, if in Great Britain, shall be commenced within

six calendar months next after the fad committed, and if any

of the said colonics or plantations, within eighteen calendar

months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants, in any such action or suit, may

[General issue.]

pfead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter

in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same

Was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if

it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the

defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited,

or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict,

or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants

shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for Treble coftc.

the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other

cases by law.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidj Disputes hoir

That if any doubt or dispute shall arise, whether the staves and to be deter-hcacting, or any part thereof, so to be imported or exported as mined, aforesaid* are of the growth or produce of any of the said colonies or plantations, or of any other growth or produce; or if

Vol. XXIX. P any

Anno oiWlecimeGsoftGli tit. c. 5t« t*77°

liny action shall be brought by the owner or daitner of fcch goods, gsinft any officer of the custotns, or any other person, for any thing clone in purfesmce of this act, and any doubt or question, shall thereupon arise concerning the place or the growth or pro* dud of Rich goods, the onus probandi shall lie on die owner or tdaimer of such goods, or the person daitning the premium or bounty, and not on the person who seized or stopped the fane, or against whom sech action shall be brought; any law, tnftom, Or triage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LI.

An act for continuing several laws for the hotter regulation of lajtage and bedaftage in the river Thames*for the fur« tker ptentshment of persons going armed or disguisei, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise, and for the landing of rum or Jperils of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, for repealing so much if An act passed in the sixth year of the reign of King George the Firjly intituled An act for preventing the carriage of excessive loads of meal, malt, bricks, and coals, within ten miles of the cities of London and Westndnfter, n relates to the carriage of mealy malty and coals \ and Jot authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of a inferior fort of barley, called Bigg, from the port if Kirkwall, in the islands of Orkney, ttoambls.

WHEREAS the laws herein-dfter mentioned have, bj expm-

encey been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiri*i\ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enactedf and be it enacted by the "King's most excellent majesty, by uni with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Act 6 Geo. s. authority of the same, That an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for the better regulation of Ullage and ballailage in the river Thames, which was to continue in force from the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by an act made in the eleventh year of the-reign of hie Act 11 Geo. *.* Majesty, was further continued from the expiration

thereof, for seven years, and from thence to the end of the then Act iS Geo. i. Mxt session of parliament; and Which, by another act made m

the eighteenth year of the reign of hisfeid late Majesty, wis further continued from the expiration thereof, for eleven yean,

and aft \ % and from thence to the end of the then next session of parlia- Geo. a. ment $ and which, by another act made in the thkty-'fceond year of the reign of his said late Majesty, was amended and far-further conti- ther continued until the twenty -fotiith day of June, one thoo-sued, till sand seven hundred and Teventy, and from thenee to the end of Junes*!* the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same ii

hereby

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 51J 227

hereby farther continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Asti 15 & id so much of an act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth year of Gco-»* the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An act to tmtewer the importers or proprietors of rum* or spirits, of the British sugar plantations, to land the same before payment of the duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own expence 5 and for the relief (/Ralph Barrow, in respect to the duty on some rock salt, lojl by the overflying of the ri-vtrs Weaver and Dane, as relates to the landing of rum, or spirits, of the British sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise, and to the lodging of the same in warehouses, at the expence of the importers or proprietors thereof, which was to continue in force from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several subsequent acts of the twenty-third and and acts sj thirty-first years of the reign of his late Majesty, and the fourth & 3* ^co* year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued Geo. until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven continue(j till hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to the end of the Sept.aj, 1771* then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twen- further con-ty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fe- t»nued till venty-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session s*Pt*77 of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

lo much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of Act 19 Geo. his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the further punishment of persons going armed or iifguised in defiance of the laws of customs or excise, and for indemnifying offenders against tbffe laws, upon the terms therein mentioned, and for the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon seizures, as relates to the farther punishment of persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the laws of customs or excise, and to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon seizures, which was to continue in force for seven years, from the twenty-fourth day of one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and which, by several subsequent acts of the twenly-sixth and thirty -second years of the reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth year of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, cne thousand seven hundred and fe-venry-one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same i thereby further continued from furt^€r the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, nuC(j tijj one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence Sept. >9.177$* to the end of the then next session of parliament.

p 2 IV. And

ait Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1770.

Act 6 Geo. 1.*And whereas, by on act made in the sixth year off the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for preventing the carriage of exceSive loath of meal, malt, bricks, and coals, within ten miles of the cities of London and Westminster^ it is provided that no personJball carry at one load in the Jaii cities* or within ten miles thereof, in any waggon or cart, having the wheels thereof Shod or bound with tire or Jlreaks of iron, more than twelve sacks of meal, each sack containing Jive bushels, nor more than twelve quarters of malt, nor more than f even hundred and an half of bricks % nor more than one chaldron of coals, on pain that the person offending therein shall forfeit and lose any one of the horses, together with the gears, bridles, and halters therewith ufid, to any person who shall Act + Geo. 3. seize the same: and whereas, by another act t made in the fourth year of his present Majestys reign, for paving, cleansing, and removing annoyances in Westminster, and in the weekly bills of mortality, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it is provided by a clause in the said act, that no person shall carry at any one load within the limits mentioned in the above-recited act of the sixth of King George the First, in any waggon, or cart, having the wvcels thereof Shod or bound with tire or Jlreaks of iron, more than one chaldron of coals with the ingrain thereto belonging, after the rate of one chaldron for every twenty cffaldrons: and whereas csnsiderable quantities of meal, malt, and coals, are carried from the said cities into the country, and confederable quantities of meal and malt from the country into the said cities, in waggons and carts, having the wheels thereof Shod or bound with iron, within and from beyond the dislance of ten miles from the said cities, and many owners of such waggons and carts, apprehending the y were allowed to carry upon the turnpike roads near the said cities the weights fixed by the act passed in the seventh year of the reign oj Act 7 Geo. 3. his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament the general laws now in being, for regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for other purposes therein mentioned, have suffered the penalties in-Jlifted by the said acts of the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, for carrying greater quantities of meal, malt, and coals, than are allowed by the said acts.

V. And whereas it will be more convenient to the publift, if the Act 6 Geo. i. fad act of the sixth of King George the First, so far as it relates to the carriage of meal, malt, and coals, and also the said clauft in the And clause in said act of the fourth of his present Majesty, were repealed; be it aft4Qeo«3' therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said act of the sixth year of the reign of King 6 Geo 7* George the First, as relates to the carriage of meal, malt, and coals, and also the said clause in the act of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the same arc repealed. hereby repealed; and that all persons who have offended in the matters aforesaid, against the said acts, or either of them, and who have not been already prosecuted to conviction, shall be, and are hereby, indemnified for what they have so done.

Bigg of the

VI. And whereas, a considerable quantity of that species of barley9 growth of the commonly called Bigg, of the growth of the islands of Orkney, is now

in

-77°0 Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 52I 229

in the bands of the owners and occupiers of lands, in the said islands, island of Ork-which from its inferior quality is altogether unfit for any householincy* i^x, if not permitted to be exported to Portugal, and other places*for the feeding of mules and horses, (the only use this species of grain is fit for) will be intirely loft to the owners: for remedy where-ofy be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by order or orders, to be made in council for that purpose, under such limitations by MaMa-and restrictions, as shall be expressed in such order or orders, jetty'* order, to permit and authorise the exportation of any quantity or quan- snaybeexport-tities of such barley or bigg, not exceeding five thousand quar- ^dSng^oooo ters, of the growth of the islands of Orkney, from the port of quartered Kirkwall to the kingdom of Portugal, or elsewhere; any law or to the king-Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. dom of Portu-

VII. Provided nevertheless, That no bounty or a^owance No bounty to whatsoever shall be granted or paid, in respect of such barley or be paid for bigg, to be exported as aforesaid. such barley so

exported.

CAP. LII.

An act for repairings amending, and supporting the several harbours and sea ports in the Isle of Man,

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Isle of Man, from its situation in the middle preamble.

of Saint George's Channel, affords a convenient refuge for shipSs in case of sudden and cross gales of winds which frequently happen in those narrow seas, and therefore the preservation of your Ma-jeftfs ships, and the interest of trade and navigation in general, require that the several sea ports and harbourj thereof, now vested in' your Majesty) Should be maintained and supported in proper condition? and repair: and whereas the duties formerly imposed for. this purpose by the ft atutes of the said islandy arose almost entirely from the contraband trade carried on there, which being totally fetpprcjfedfence the purchase thereof by your Majesty, the fund for maintaining the harbours hasfailed, and they are become ruinous, and likely to fall entirely to decay, unless same other funds are provided: now therefore, we, your Majestf s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most ex-t cellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all sums All sums le-of money that have been raised, levied, collected, or paid, by vied by virtue virtue or all or any-the Statutes of the said island, for or on ac- ©ftfiestatute# count of the harbours therein, at any time or times from and after the seventeenth day of May, in the year one thousand fe- the harbour ven hundred and sixty-five, (at which time the said island be- therein, came vested in his Majesty,) until the fifth day of July, in theater May 17# year one thousand seven hugdred and seventy-one, and which or shall have been paid into the hands of his Majesty's re-p 3 ceiver-

tob« employed towards the repairs of the harbours in the dland.

After July 5, J7*I»

all rates and duties payable by virtue of the Statutes of the island, on account of the harbours, shall determine.

In lieu whereof the rates followingtobe paid by all ships his Majesty's excepted.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 52: [177a

ceiver-general of the said island, or his deputy, shall be by him or them, or under his or their directtoa, immediately laid out or employed for or towards the repairs of the several harbours in the said island; and the said receiver-general or his deputy shall forthwith transmit an account of such disposal of the money to the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, all and every the several and respective dues, rates, duties, and impositions, granted or payable by virtue of all or any the said Statutes of the said islands, for or on account of the harbours therein, shall cease, determine, and be no longer due or payable; any thing therein contained, or any other law, Statute, ordinance, custom, prescription, or provision, to the contrary notwithstanding: and instead and in lieu thereof, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for the purposes intended by this present act, of amending, repairing, keeping in repair, and supporting the fc-vcral harbours of the said island, the several and respective rater, duties, and impositions'following, upon all ships and vessels whatsoever, (his Majesty's ships and vessels, add others employed in his Majesty's service, only excepted,) which shall arrive in any of the harbours and bays thereof, and for and upon all goods and merchandises herein after mentioned, imported or exported to or from the said Isle $f Man \ (that is to say)

For every For every ship or vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's sub-Briufli ship, jefls, which shall arrive or put in to any of the harbours in riving hTany' ls, id not being laden, or in balaft only, one penny

harbour, 1 <£ halfpenny per too.

For evCery°ship For a^uc*1 *PS an<* vc^$ being laden, or having any car-laden, »d. per go on board, whether they shall break.bulk or deliver any part ton. of their cargo or not, two pence per ton.

For every ship and vessel which shall be repaired in any of the the additional harbours, the additional sum of one penny par ton, over and sum of id. per above the rates aforesaid.

For every so- For every foreign ship and vessel which (hill arrive or put inreign Qiip, la- to any of the said harbours, not being laden, or in balaft only, den or in ba- two-pence per ton.

last, id.person.

Every foreign For every foreign ship and vessel which shall arrive or out into velPf, without any of the said harbours, without breaking bulk or delivering 3person k> aay cargoes, three-pence per.too.

wh^'shall51 For all such foreign ships and vessels which shall break bulk breakbulk, the and deliver any part of their cargo, the additional sum of two-additiooalfum pence per ton, over and aty>ve the rate aforesaid. of id..per ton.

For all foreign For all such foreign ships and veflefe M (halt repair in any of ditwnaffum t*ic^h3r urs» additional sum of two-pence ptr \m 0-of »d per ton.vw iM above thp rates aforesaid.

For

1770.] Anno uodcamu vjeukuu ux. c. 59.

For all foreign ships and vessels anchoring In any of the bay* For foreign of the said island, the Aim of two shillings and sixpence for each veffrf* anchor* ship or vessel. inginanybay.

r ss. 66. each.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Rates to be le-That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid* for the vied over those purposes aforesaid, (over and above all custoros, rates, and du- gj*ntedbyaa ties, chargeable upon the same commodities respects vely, by any 7 co* 3* other act or acts of parliament now in force,) the several and respective rates and duties following, for and upon goods and merchandises imported into the fai d Isle of Many by virtue of any licence granted, according to an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging and regulating the trade and manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for the more easy supply of the inhabitants there with a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oatsy mealy and floury authorised by an act made in this session to be transported to the said island y that is to say.

For and upon all spirits imported into the said island, two* «d. per toa

shillings and sixpence per ton, ?n fpjrit*

soi ported*

For and upon all tobacco, one shilling and sixpence per hoga- u sd.perhbd* head. on tobacco.

For and upon all teas, two shillings per hundred weight. on tew CWt*

For and upon all coffee, one shilling per hundred weight. it. per cwt.

For and upon all wines, two Shillings and sixpence per ton. «. «d. per ton

For and upon all foreign goods, (wines, spirits, and felt, ex- o" foreign cepted,) ten shillings per centum ad va/arem good*, to*.

For and upon all other goods imported from Great Britain or e*"t".

Ireland, (licensed goods and (alt for the fisheries excepted,) a- and* irito bore the value of five pounds, the fiim of five shillings per ten- good*. 51. turn ad valorem. per cent.

IV. And whereas by the said last-redted made in the Bounties pay-

ytar of the reign of his present Majesty, the several and respectbeble Ge<b bounties or sums of money therein mentioned, were directed to be paid 5' far the boats employed in the herring fishety upon the teajls of the said island, and to the mangfaftvrers of linen tloth there, by his receiver-gtntral in the said Isle of Mart, or his deputy, out of the duties of ten JbiUingt payable to his Majesty in the said isle, for and

upon every boat or other vessel employed in the said herring fishtry, and out of the money arising to his Majesty from the several bay fishtries of the said island: and whereas feantly more than part of the

fishermen of the said island have complied with the terms under which the said bounties were granted, nor have they produced any advantage to the manufactures of the said island, flo that the same have proved tfno effect\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this present act, all the hid to determine,

P 4 fc- except those

232

allowed to the admiral, and water bailiff.

How the monies arising from the bay fisheries, &c. are to be applied.

Commissioners how to be clewed.

Commissioners to make bye-laws and regulations.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 52. [1770.

several and respective bounties shall wholly cease, determine, and be no longer paid to any of the persons, in tKe said last-recited act mentioned, save and except the several and respective bounties, or sums of money, thereby directed, to be allowed and paid to the admiral, and to the vice-admiral of the said herring-fish-ery, for each season, and to the water bailiff of the said island, or his deputy for their superintendance and inspection thereof;,) and that the said duties of ten shillings, payable to his Majesty in the said isle, for and upon every boat or other vessel employed in the said herring fishery, and also all the money arising to his Majesty from the several bay fiiheriesof the said island, after allowance made of the said last mentioned bounties, and of the usual and necessary charges attending the levying and collecting the said monies, shall be applied by his Majesty's receiver general in the Isle of Man, or his deputy, to the repair and sup-portof the said harbours, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and to no other use or purpose; any thing in the said last-recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Andy for the better collecting and disposing the several sums of money, and duties hereby made payable, and regulating the repairs and support of the said harbours; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the persons herein after named for that purpose, shall be, and are hereby nominated and appointed of, and authorised, from time to time, to put this act in execution; that is to say, his Majesty's receiver-general in the Isle of Many his deputy, the collector, comptroller, and searcher of the port of Douglas, the deputy, water bailiffs, of each of the other ports of Derby, Haven, Peel, and Ramsay respectively, for the time being, together with four creditable and substaotial merchants; that is to say, one for and belonging to each of the four principal ports of the said isle before mentioned, to be elected by the officers aforesaid, or the major part of them, which said merchants, so elected, shall also be of for the purposes aforesaid, for and during the term of three years, to be computed from the respective times of their election; and on the expiration of the said term, or on the death or resignation of any of them, the rest of the said of, or the major part of them, shall, from time to time, upon the first Mon-4ay in the month of October, in each year, elect another fit merchant or merchants, of or belonging to the said ports respectively, in his or their stead, to continue in like manner, in such office or trust, and to have like power and authority as the person in whose (lead he was so elected, for and during the term of three years respectively from such election.

VI. Which said of, or the major part of them, (of whom his Majesty's receiver-general in the Isle of Man, or his deputy for the time being, shall always be one,) shall have full power and authority, and are hereby impowered and authorised to make such bye-laws, orders, and regulations, from time to time, to bind all ships and vessels, arriving at or cqm-

'V 4, .'...

I77°*l Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 52; 233

ing into any of the harbours in the said ifie, 'and all matters, or other persons, having the rule, management, or command, of such ships or vessels, and to annex such reasonable penalties afc the said of, in their discretion, shall think fit, so as such bye-laws, orders, and regulations, be made agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this act, and be for the better putting in execution, and effecting the purposes thereof; and also for the better regulating ships or vessels, with respect to their lying, mooring, or tallatting, in the said harbours, and for preventing the throwing any forts of rubbish therein, or doing any annoyance to the same, and so as they do not contain any thing repugnant to the laws of this realm.

VII. And it shall and may be lawful for the said commission- CommWTton-ers, or the major part of them, (of whom his Majesty's recei- tocontraft ver-general in the Isle of Man, or his deputy for the time being, '

shall always be one,) from time to time, to contract and agree pairing the " with any workmen, artificers, masons, or other persons, bona harbour*. side, for the making and doing all or any part of the works necessary for the maintaining, repairing, cleansing, enlarging, or improving, all or any of the said harbours, or for timber, (tones, and other materials, necessary for the purposes of this s(ct, or for*snaking any additional works or any land marks, sea marks, or other directions, they shall judge to be requisite for the greater safety of ships coming into any of the said harbours.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Receiver-ge-

That his Majesty's receiver-general of the Isle of Man, be, and neral to apis hereby empowered to appoint one person at each of the ports Point a; of Douglas Derby, Haven, Peel, and Ram say, in the said island, port* VcollcCl to collect the harbour duties at the said ports; and that they harbour du-she said collectors respectively for the time being, shall have full tie* \ power and authority, and are hereby, impowered and authorised and other du-to receive, levy, and collect the several sums of money and du- tieV. «, ties herein before mentioned, and for their trouble and expences contUoutS, # therein, to retain and deduct the sum of five pounds per centum of the said out of all the said monies so collected. monies.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Collc&on to That it shall and may be lawful to and for each of the collectors g° board aforesaid, to go on board any ship or vessel liable to the payment

of any of the duties by this act imposed, to demand, collect, and

receive the same, and to take the dimenttons of every such ship

or vessel, according to the rules of admeasurement, laid down

and settled by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his

majesty King George the first, intituled An act for preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs, /lamp-

duties, pofi-office, and bovfe-mcney, and according to which rules

the several duties of tonnage shall be computed and collected,

and not otherwise; and for nonpayment theteof, or of any sum For nonpay.

or sums of money due, or of any of the penalties imposed by the ment of du-

of as aforesaid, for refusal to give reave to such offi-

cer to go on board, or to take the dimensions of such ship ot'fackfeniilI

jreffcl, or for any other offences committed against this present payment is

J act, made.

*34

Two days after distress made, collectors to cause

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.ji.

[1770.

ad, it shall and may be lawful to and for Ouch coile&pr or officer to take and distrain any part of the tackle* apparel* and furniture, belonging to such ship or vessel, and the same to detain and keep until he or they be satisfied, and paid such sum or suns of money as aforesaid, and every of them; and in case of any neglect or delay in payment of any the sums of money, or duties incurred as aforesaid, for the space of two days after any distress ^Vam^to'be 01 distresses so taken as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be appraised. lawful to and for such collector or officer, to cause the same to be appraised by two or more sufficient persons to be from time to time, appointed for that purpose by any two or more of the of aforesaid, and afterwards to fell the said distrest pr distresses so taken and appraised* or (o much thereof as shall be sufficient to answer all monies due, and all charges arising thereon, and therewith to satisfy him or themselves, as well for and concerning the sum or sums, or duty so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which a distress shall be (o taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their reasonable charge in the taking or Keeping such distress, rendering to the matter, or other persons, having the rule or command of such ship or vessel in or from which such distress shall be so taken, the overplus, if any there be; provided that no such distress shall be made until fi* hours after demand of such sums of money or duties as aforesaid.

All sums to be X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That applied to- all and every sum and sums of money which shall be raised, levied, collected, and received by the duties aforesaid, and for any the forfeitures or penalties to be recovered by virtue of this a#, other than so much thereof as shall be laid out and allowed to the collector or other necessary officer for the collecting and managing the said duty, and for the necessary charges of recovering the same, shall be, by the said of, or the major part of them, of whom his Majesty's receiver-general in the IJk of Many or his deputy for the time being, shall always be one, applied and disposed of to and for the repairing, securing, preserving, and maintaining the said harbours, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever, save and except as herein after is excepted; and every person appointed or employed to called! and receive any sums of money, or duties aforesaid, shall within six days after each of the four usual quarterly feasts in the year, pay into the hands of his Majesty's laid receiver-general, or his deputy, all sums of money by him or them levied, collected, or teemed, and at the same time deliver a full and particular account therein Aims levied of in writing, upon the oath of such coUedor or receiver, before to the recei- two of the of aforesaid, which oath the said commit ver general ploners are hereby authorised and impowered to administer: and kept by°cem- therefrom time to time, be provided and kept by the said missioners for of* one or more book or books, in which all monies entering sums to he received by virtue of this act, and aH payments out of the received. same shall, from time to time, be fairly Cet down and entered, expressing fevcftlly tk; tiqae when* and the i>aqae of the person

or

wards repairing the har-tpuss.

Collectors, within lix days after each of the four usual quarterly ieaits, to pay

1770.] Anno nndedmo Georou IH. c. 5».

or personsu from or to whom the Came wtt To recthed f«U. ami for what ufc or jpurpose such payment was made; nod finch boob fliaB be kept for the purpose aforesaid at the custom-hoirit of the port of Douglas^for the.inspedionof all or aay of the said of, at alt times during the usual office-hours: and Chlk&ors re* all and every periba and persons appointed to coUcA car receive fating to pay any the said Aims of money or duties, who shall neglect or re* "FW re" fuse to pay the money so by him or them received, or to render JSSr im no- an account according to the directions of the prefient a A, shall count, to for-forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds for ever]? such offence; felt iol. and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commission- to be levied by ers, or any two of them, forthwith to levy the same by distress distrefcaad and fak of such offenders goods and chattels, returning to the sale* party the overplus (if any there be,) after deducting all reasonable expences attending such distress or distrefies; which said and applied to penalty shall, from time to time, be applied to the repairing and*«

mainuining the said harbours, as herein before directed., "arbours.

XL. And whereat, at the time the property of the Isle of Man After certifi-hresmt vested inhis Majesty, several sums if money bad been borrowed cation by the upon tends, given by the supervisors of the sea ports and harbours commission-therein3 for defraying the expences of repairing and amending the famey £"bouri are in pursuance of the powers to them given by the Statutes of the Jmd put into re-island; and whereas some part of the said debts so untra&ed yet re* pair, mains undischarged, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after it has been certified by the said commissioners, or the major part of them (whereof his Majestjr* receiver-gene* sal of the Ifie of Aden, or his deputy, shall be one,) that the said tea ports and harbours have been put into sufficient and good repair; it shall and may be lawful for the kid commissioners, XOool. to be by and with the consent and approbation of the of paid out of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to the furptiM of pay out of the surplus of the duties arising and collected by virtue of this act, a sum or Aims of money not exceeding one thousand pounds, in discharge of the principal money due upon the bonds given by the said supervisors as aforesaid; which fold bonds shall appear to the said of to be bona fide due, and to have been approved and contented to at the time they were given by the several persons authorised by the Statutes of that island to give such content and approbation.

XII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall Proprietors of extend, or be construed to extend, to intitle the proprietors of bonds not in the said bonds to the receipt of any interest now due or hereaf- |il|^to m- ter to arise and become due thereupon, out of the surplus of thetc

said duties.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aibrc&id, On Off. to, That on the tenth day of October, in every year, the said recei- annually re-ver-general shall draw up, or cause to be drawn up, and shall

prefeot to the Aid of, a full account of all the re* [hecommif-eeipts and disbursements of and for each particular port and bar- fioner* a full hour in the said island, and atfe a particular account of the true account of all JU*od fondiripn «f ibtfint mmI «f th# fewral

piers,

Receiver general to be allowed annually, not exceeding 30l.

All officers, &c. to take an oath, previous to their intermeddling with their offices.

All Turns to be paid, incurred, or recovered, to be sterling money.

All actions commenced for recovery of penalties to be tried by the water bailiff.

[Preamble.]

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1770.

piers and works thereto belonging; which said account the said of, or three of them at the least, shall sign and transmit, with such observations thereon as they shall judge to be necessary, to the of of the treasury, or the high treafarer for the time being; and it shall shall and may be lawful for such receiver-genera I, for his trouble and expence in the execution of this act, and for providing a person to inspect and superintend the said ports and harbours, to charge in his accounts, and the said receiver-general shall be allowed thereupon any sum not exceeding the Turn of thirty pounds in any one year, out of the several lums so levied and collected as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid of, the said receiver-general, and all other officers whatsoever, employed by virtue of this act, in collecting, receiving, or disbursing any sum or sums of money, for the repairing or maintaining the said harbours, or in superintending or surveying the same, shall respectively take in oath previous to their intermeddling with any such office or employment, for the due and faithful execution and discharge thereof, according to the powers vetted in them by virtue of this act, before any one or more of the deemfters, or civil magistrates of the said island, who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer the same without fee or reward.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all sums of money which shall be paid, incurred, or recovered, in pursuance of this act, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be sterling money of Great Britain, and shall be paid, collected, and recovered, to the amount of the value which such nominal sums bear in Great Britain.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all actions, suits, or informations, which shall or may be brought or commenced, for the recovery of any forfeitures and penalties incurred by virtue of this present act, or for any other matter or thing relating to the execution thereof, shall be brought, prosecuted, tried, heard, and determined in the court of his Majesty's water bailiff of the said istand, according to the accustomed course of that court; and in case either of the parties conceive themselves to be aggrieved it shall and may be lawful for such person to appeal in the usual manner to the court of chancery of the said istand.

CAP. LIII.

An act for widening the Highways in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS by an act of the parliament of Scotland passei in the year, one thousand six hundred and sixty-nin*, and /«-tituled, Act for tepairing highways and bridges, it is enacted, That the said highways shall be twenty feet of mtafure broad at leafty or*broader, if the same have been Jo of before, and whereas by the law of Scotland, the making, repairing, and keeping, in repair, the high-ways % roads9 and bridges, within that, part of the united kingdom, ora

3 fut

*77°*T Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 53. £37

put under the direction and management of the justices of peace, and of ofsupply* within the several shires and fiewartrtes reflectively* (except in such cases where turnpike roads have, under the authority of special acts of parliament* been made, and tolls granted therefore, and the same by such atts put under the management and direhion of certain justices or of by theft afis named and appointed:,) and whereas many inconveniencies and frequent obstructions to the free passage of the publick and most frequented highways and roads have been occasioned by the narrowness of these highways and roads: and whereas it would be of great publick benefit to that part of the united kingdom, that the justices of peace, and of of supply* in each Shire and stewartry respectively, and the trustees and of of turnpike reads* iflablished by special atis of parliament* were impowered to widen and extend the highways and roads under their respective managements* where-ever they law necessary ouafion for Jo doing; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Justices and and by the authority of the same, That the justices of peace, c°nimission-and of of supply, for the respective shires and stew- f"?he flares artries, and the of and trustees of turnpike roads, and stewart-established by special acts of parliament, within that part of net.

Great Britain called Scotland* shall have power, and they are to.ma*jc» Tt- hereby authorised and impowered to make, repair, clear, and extend, and to keep in good repair, after being so cleared, tend the high* widened, and extended, the several highways and roads, under ways under their management and direction respectively, so as the same shall their direc-be in all places full twenty feet width of clear pastable road, ex- arc elusive of the bank and ditch on each (ide of such highway or be so feet in road reflectively. width.

II. And whereas it will be of great publick utility, that the said highways and roads were* in particular places, fill further widened

and enlarged \ be it also enacted, That the said justices of peace, justices, See. and of of supply or the said trustees, or commission- to order the ers for turnpike roads established by special acts of parliament, or l.oads \° the majority of them, in a general meeting for thatypurpose af- Cu* sembled, may order and direct the highways and roads aforesaid to be still farther widened and enlarged, in such places, and for such distances as they judge tc^ be for the publick ben fit.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted That the Breadth of the breadth of the highways and roads so to be widened and enlarg- ro*ds to be ed shall not, at any place, exceed thirty feet, exclusive of tlieenfaV*eVnot bank and ditch on each side, and that full satisfaction, to be af- to exceeded certained in manner herein after provided for, shall be made to feet.

the owners and leftees of the lands, for so much ground as shall be taken for the widening and enlargement of the said highways tnd roads, over and above, and in addition to the present breadth, or the twenty feet width of ground, allowed by the laws now in being for the breadth of every highway and road.

IV. And whereas it would greatly facilitate the making and re-

pairing

Ynstead of a

meeting appointed by act 5 Geo. x»

Two general meetings to be held anno-ally.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c.$$* [1770.

fairing of tht highways and roads within that part of Great Britain coded Scotland, that the justices of peace, and of ofsupply, within the respective fbvres andstewartries, met more frequently^ and at the mofi convenient times and seasonsy be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That hereafter, instead of the meeting appointed to be held by an act made in the fifth year Of the reign of his late Majesty King George the first, intituled An act for amending and making'more effeilaal the laws for repairing the highway s9 bridges, and ferries in that part of Great Britain tolled Scotland, there shall be held two general meetings in every year of the said justices of peace, and of of supply, for the special purpose and business of the highways, roads, bridges, and ferries, within their respective bounds; and, by the laws in being for the time, under their direction and management, the first upon the same day, and at the like place that the of of supply of such shires and stewartries respectively are and shall be directed by the land-tax act of the year then current, to assemble for the purposes of assessing the land-tax, and of chafing a convener, collector, and derk, and the second of the said general meetings upon the same day, and the like place that the freeholders of the said shires and stewartries respectively assembled at their Michaelmas head court annually; and that the conveners of the shires and stewartries respectively shall, and they are hereby required to give the same Smite^such no^0*8 for these two general meetings of the justices and

Aieeting*. of of supply, as are given for ordinary general meetings of of of supply within their respective bounds. Justices, $*c. V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That totxtmiMB It shall be in the power of any two or more justices of the peace, of of supply, within any Shire or stewartry in /» c# that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to examine and fur-

rey, or cause to be examined and surveyed, the highways and roads, or any part or parts of them within such shires and stewartries respectively, and to order and direct that the said highways and roads shall every where be made twenty feet wide of clear paflfable road, exclusive of the banks and ditches upon each side of the famej and in such cases where it shall appear to the said justices and of to be for the publick benefit, that any part or parts of the said highways and roads Should be further widened and extended, or that fences of any kind whatever Should be removed, for the purpose of widening the said roads, that they shall (late their reasons in writing, and report the same to the next or any following general meeting of the justices and of for the Shire or stewartnr; and that if the said justices and of assembled at such general meeting, or the majority of them, upon advising the said report, and after hearing all parties having an interest, shall be of opinion that it will be of publick benefit so to widen and extend the said highways and roads, or to remove fences, that the same shall be accordingly done, satisfaction being always previously made in manner as herein after directed to the owners and lef-

3 fcca

Conveners of fliites, fttc. to

177Q.X Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 53. dt&

fees of land, for so muck ground us {hstl be taken to widen tad enlarge the said highways and roads beyond and over, and above twenty feet in width on the present breadth of the road, if more than twenty feet wide, and for the lose or damage the owner or owners of the land may (attain by removing fences, where such are to be removed.

VI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful to and in the Heritors or power of any heritor or occupier of lands through which the said occupiers of highways and roads go, who may apprehend wrong to have knical^ee-been done by the said twoor more justices and of in Purveying, examining, ordering, and directing as aforesaid, to iogs, appeal against the same to the first or next general meeting of the said justices and of; and that whatever they, or which frail ba the majority of them shall determine upon, such appeal shall |>e final and conclusive.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

in all cases where the general meetings aforesaid, or the meet-cra| mc€t.

ings of trustees or of for turnpike roads, established ings being of

by acts of parliament, are of opinion that it will be for the pub- opinion teat

lick benefit to have the highways and roads, or any particular ^ouitTbe fur-

parts of them, farther widened and enlarged beyond the breadth ther widened,

of twenty feet, or the prefem breadth, if broader, or to % have frc.

fences of any kind removed or altered in widening of the said roads, and that no agreement shall have been made with the

wwner or owners Of the land where the roads are to be widened,

or wfcofe fences are to be altered or removed, application shall be made to the sheriff or steward of the Shire or stewartry within Application to

which fudh highways and roads Ire, to summon a jury in order j£e sheriff to

to value the ground necessary to be taken and used for so widen- rummon a

ing and enlarging the highways and roads aforesaid, and the loss piry to value

or dsrifiage ensuing from the altering or removing of fences; and the ground,

the said Sheriffs and Rewards, and rite sheriffs and steward«-dc- &c*-

putt, and their fnbstitutes, are hereby impowered and required,

won feck application, to order intimation thereof to be made Intimation fe r.rr .*, be made to

to the owner and owners, and immediate occupier or occupiers owacrgf

of the ground proposed to be so taken in and used, and after-9wards to iffne a summons in the usual manner for calling together and impanoelling a jury, to consist of at lead seven, and not jury to be exceeding fifteen persons in number, to examine into, and, after impanelled, (writ examination report upon their oaths to the sheriffor steward

the Value of the ground so to be taken and used for the widening and enlargement of the highways and roads over and above twenty feet in breadth, and the loss or damage that will arise to the who are to af« owner or owners of the land by altering or removing of fences certain da-where that is proposed to be done, and thereupon to order and '

adjudge payment of the value and amount of the loss and da- ^dgVpay/ mage 46 ascertained to the owner or owners of the grounds, with ment.V such costs as he or they may have been put to in the liquidation of the said value; and that upon such payment being made, and a discharge thereof lodged with the sheriff or steward clerk, the said

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1770.

said justices and of, or the said trustees and of, according aq the case may be, shall from thencefonh have right, and be it liberty to take and use the ground so valued and paid for in the widening and extending the highways and roads aforesaid, as fully and effectually ever after, to all intents and purposes, as if the owner and owners of such grounds had executed regular dispositions of the same, and thereupon infefu ments had followed.

30 days notice

VIII. Provided always, That thirty days notice at lead shall to be given to be given to the owner and owners of the ground, so to be valued, and of the fences intended to be altered or removed, of the day upon which the jury are to be impannelled for those purposes; and that all proceedings and orders of sheriffs and stewards in the premises, made by virtue of this act, dull not be removeable or questionable by bills or letters of advocation or suspension to, or by any other court whatsoever, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the aToH'uppij' of of supply of every Shire and stewartry in Scotland to lay addi> assembled, annually, upon the day appointed by act of parlia- tional aflWT- ment for the assessment of the land-tax, shall have power, and jnentoHums ^£7 arclere*>Y impowered and required to lay an additional af-adjudged by* fcflment for the payment of such sum and sums of money as shall the sheriff, the have been for the preceding year adjudged by the sheriff or (lew-preceding ard in manner aforesaid to the owner and owners of grounds to

lear* be taken, and of fences to be removed or altered, for the widen-

ing and enlarging the highways roads, as herein before directed, and to issue precepts upon the collector and collectors for the payment thereof; and that in aH cases where the ground so valued, or fences altered or removed as aforesaid, shall be taken or done, for the widening and enlargement of a turnpike road as established by act of parliament, that the money adjudged by the sheriff or steward therefore shall be paid by the commissioners or trustees of such road, out of the tolls arising from the same.

CAP. LIV.

An act for the better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon-yard, Sheepy yard. Church Street, Little Church Street, other wise the Church Pastage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the pillages therein, or leading the reunto, in' the parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minoriet, in the county of Middlesex, within the liberty of his Majesty's tower of London i and for other purposes therein mentioned.

owners of grounds and fences to be valued or altered.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 55. 241'

CAP. LV.

An act to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington,

Thomas Hafclgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons,

Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheesman,

George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick

Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers,

Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman,

John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflesh, John Purse,

John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook,

Richard Tilstone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers,

Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hiliman, Thomas Roberts, John Afliman, William Cooter, Thomas Frost,

Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Miliar, othervoife Miller, William N e wnham, Jeffery Carver, Ran-

- dall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman'femor, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at election of members to in parliament, and for the preventing bribery and corruption in the eleBion of members to serve in parliament for the borough of New Shoreham, in the county of Sussex.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a wicked and corrupt calling itftlf the

christian society, hath, for several yein the borough a/-New Shoreham, in the county of Sussex, and confxjled of a great majority of persons, having a right to vote at elections of members to serve in parliament for the said borough: and whereas it appears that the chief end of the infitution of the said society was for the purpose offelling, from time to time, the feat or feats in parliament for the said borough: and whereas John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Hafclgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons,

Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington,

John Robinson, William Cheesman, George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney,

Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens,

' John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflesh, John Purse,

John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tilstone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell,

John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hiliman, Thomas Roberts, John Afliman,

Vol. XXIX. Q. - William

44* jE&nno unacwno iii# c. 55c L1?^-

William Cooter, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery ChOrchec, Walter Broad, Richard Stonebatn*. James Beonett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp^ Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Newnbam, Jeffery Carver, Ran- dall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dcdman fenitr9 William Jennings, William Hferds, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, were members of the said society: m or dir therefore to pnvtrtt fact Unlawful practices for tbi future, and that the/aid borough from henceforth be duly represented in parliament, be it enacted by the King's naoft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said John Burnet/, Charles Hannmgttm> Thomas Hafelgrevfy Ralph Moor, Thomas Par/ons, Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hanmngton, John Hannington, John Robinfah William Cheesemauy George Browne, John Parsons, John Curly Frederick Dean, William Dtati, Samuel Tuppeny John Sawyersy Thomas Crowter, Thomas PockneyT Joseph Dedmm, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John HogsfUfhy John Purfey John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tiljtcne % William Turner, Walter Sawyer, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Woody Friend Darnely William Gratwicky Nathaniel Hillmany Thomas Roberts, John jffb-many William Cootery Thomas Frojiy Michael Smithy Richard Carver, Michael Durranty Emery Churcher9 Walter Broody Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp9 Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchelly James Miliar, otherwise Miller, William Newnhatny Jeffery Carver, Randall Button % James Carver, John Martiriy John Dedman fetlior, William Jen-nings, William Hards, Thomas Geary William Rujbridge, Henry Rjobinfony and Henry Hanmngtony shall be, and by virtue of this act are, from henceforth, incapacitated, and disabled from giving any vote at any election for the chusing a member or members to serve in parliament.

Freeholders, II« And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That above1 years from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every fircc-of age, of40s. holder, being above the age of one and twenty years, who shall tided*!© vote.lave w*hin [he Rape of Bramber, in the said county of Sufsue, a* freehold of the clear yearly value of forty shillings, to give his

yore at every election of a burgess or burgesses to serve in parliament for the said borough of New Shoreham.

Right of elec- H And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tien in whom the right of election of a member or members to serve in parlia- vested. ment for the said borough of New Shoreham shall be, and is hereby declared to be, in such freeholders as aforesaid, and in the persons who, by the cultom and usage of the said borough, have, or shall hereafter have, a right to vote at such election, those whose names are mentionevl herein, and incapacitated and disabled by this act, only excepted; and the constable, or other gropes ojjker for the time being, to whom the return of &ch writ

or

*43

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 55.

or precept does belong, is hereby required to return the person or persons, to serve in parliament for the said borough, who shall have the major number of votes of such freeholders and other persons having a right to vote at such election, (except such persons as are herein before excepted ;,) any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Freeholders, every such freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at any elec- before admit- tien for the said borough, shall, if required by the candidates, [^e^h^fol-0 or any of them, or any other person having a right to vote at i^ing* the said election, first take the Oath, (or being one of the people called quakers, the solemn affirmation), following 5 videlicet,

XO U /ball/wear, or, being a quaker, solemnly affirm, That you Oath. are a freeholder in the Rape of Bramber, in the county of x, and have a freehold e/lose, confijling of

(specifying the nature thereof, and if it consists in messuages, lands, of tithes, in whose occupation the same are, and if in relit, the names of the owners or possessor* of the tenements, out of which such relit is issuing, or of some of themj,

ting or being at within the Rape of Bramber in the county of Sussex, of the clear yearly value of forty /billings, over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of the same \ and that you have been in the actual possession or receipt of the rents and profits thereof for your own use above twelve calendar months, (or that the same came to you within the time afore-/aid, by defeent, marriagey marriage-settlement, devise, or promotion, to a benefice in a church, or by promotion to an office); and that such freehold estate has not been granted or made to you fraudulently, on purpose to qualify you to give your votej and that the place of your a-bodt is at in

and that you are twenty-one years of age, as you believe j and that you have not been polled before at this election.

Which oath^or solemn affirmation, the constable, or other proper officer to whom the return of any writ or precept for such election shall belong, is hereby required to administer: and in case any freeholder or other persons, taking the said oath or affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful perju- Persons guilty ry, and be thereof convicted; or if any person shall unlawfully of perjury, dec. and corruptly procure or suborn any freeholder or other person <°the to take the said oath or affirmation, in order to be polied, where-by he shall commit such wilful perjury, and shall be thereof y

convicted, he and they, for every such offence respectively, shall incur such "penalties as are inflicted on persons guilty of perjury, of subornation of perjury, in and by two acts of parliament, one made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, (intitu- Act 5 Eliz. led, An act for punishing such persons as shall procure or commit wilful perjury, or suborn or procure any person to commit any wilful or corrupt perjury); and the other made in the second year of his late and Gco Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for the more effectual preventing,

Constable to back a precept the day of the receipt thereof.

The act to be read publickly.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 56 — 58. [1770.

and further punishment of forgery, perjury, and subornation of* perjury, and to make it felony to Jleal bonds, notes, or other securitto-jr for payment of money), contrary to the said acts.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tha.t such constable, or other proper officer, to whom any writ or precept shall be directed for making any election for the faijl borough, shall, upon the reception of such writ or precept, indorse upon the back thereof the day of his receipt thereof, in the pre — fence of the party from whom he received such precept; and shall forthwith cause publick notice to be given within the said borough of New Shoreham, and at the towns of Bramber and Steyningj in the said county of Sussex, by fixing up a notice there* of in writing, on the market-houses, or on the doors of the churches of the said towns, of the day of election; and shall proceed to election thereupon, within the space of twelve days, and not less than eight days, next after his receipt of the same precept.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be publickly read at every election for the said borough of New Shoreham, immediately after the acts directed by any act of parliament to be read thereat, and before the persons present shall proceed to make such election.

CAP. LVI.

An act for divefiing out of the crown, and to vest in Gerald Fitzgerald of Rathrone, in the county of Meath, in the kingdom of Ireland, esquire, and his heirs, the reversion in fee of and in several lands in Ireland therein mentioned.

CAP. LVII.

An act to continue and render more effectual an paged in the ninth year of his present, for repairing the

roads leading from the turnpike road in Tring, in the county of Hertford, through Dunstable, Hitchin, Bald-ock, and Royston, to the turnpike road at or near Bournbridge, and from the west end of Wellbury Lane to the turnpike road at the south end of Barton, in the counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge j so far as the same relates to the repairing the roads in the Royston district of roads, in the said act particularly mentioned.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present, intituled An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from the north end of Ballingdon Bridge in Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, to the south gate in Bury Saint Edmund's, in the said county.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 59 — 54.

CAP. LIX.

An act to impower Charles Fitz Roy to certain footpaths in the parish of Saine Pancras, alias Kent-ilh Town, in the county of Middlesex, and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future a foot-path in lieu thereof.

CAP. LX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present

tuled, An act for repairing several roads leading through the county of Selkirk.

CAP. LXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present for

repairing and widening the road from Spernal Alh, in the county of Warwick, to a street called Digbeth, in the town of Birmingham.

CAP. LXII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more an act made in the eighth year of his present reign, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the Firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Catron, in the county of Stirling, to the Firth or river of Clyde, at or near a

place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county, of Dumbarton $ and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication, from the port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said canal at or near the' place where it will fall into the Firth of,

CAP. LXIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the end of Middleton Tyas Lane to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the north riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXIV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Tadcaster,

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 65-69. [1770.

through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, 2nd Pool, to the town of Otley, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an off, made in the twenty-fifth year of his late Mfor repairing the road from Knarefbroiigh, in the county York, by Longflatt Lane, Gouldsbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Maule-verer, and Scate Moor, to Greenhamerton, in the same county; and for making the same a high carriage road.

CAP. LXVI.

Anaff to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of York, over Skipbridge to Boroughbridge in the county York.

CAP. LXVII.

An act to oblige the company of proprietors of the Birmingham canal navigation to complete the said canal to a field called Newhall Ring, adjoining to the town Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, within a limited, and to maintain and keep the same free and open far the passage of boats, barges, and other ixflels.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the city of York.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aff of the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from the turnpike gate in the township of Greenfield, to the north limits of the township of Mostyn j and from Mostyn to Heullar^ i from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y Ffordd Waen, in the counties of Flint and Denbigh -, and for extending the said aff to other roads in the said counties, and the county of Carnarvon -, and for taking several roads within the said counties cut of the power of the trustees appointed by two several affs of parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his late Majesty; and for putting the said roads under the diression of the trustees appointed by the said former and this present aff.

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 70* — 76.

CAP. LXX.

to continue and render mare several alls for

repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield, in the county of Berks, and other roads in the j, 'aidalls mentioned, and for repairing several Other roads in this all mentioned.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Low-water Mark of the river Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the parish of Elloughton, in the east riding of the county of York, to the north end of the town of Brough, and from thence through South Cave to Coney Clappers, in South New bald Holmes, tn the said riding.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for draining and preserving certain feu lands and low grounds in the partfhes Stoke Ferry, Northwold, Wretton, We re ham. West Dereham, and Hexham, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for amending, widening and altering the

road from the bottom of Galley Hill, near the town of Witney, to the cross /#Clanfield, the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to continue and render more effectual three, made

in the twelfth year of King George the First, and in the eighteenth and thirty-first years of his late, for

repairing the roads from Birmingham, through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, the county of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said county.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for.making a navigable cut or canal from Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, through or near Worksop and Retford, to join the river Trent, at or near Stock-with, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from

Q^.4. Pe-

*4*

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 77 — 81. [1770.

Penistone Bridge, in the county of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby; and the roads severally leading from Bamfbnd Wopdgate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the guide-post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the

eighth mile-fone on Hathersage Moor, and to the village'of Darwent, in the said county of Derby.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to the town of Lantriflent; and the road leading from Newbridge, to a place called The Old Furnace all in the county of Glamorgan.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to enable the corporation of the bailiffs

and commonalty of the company of conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to complete and maintain the principal banks and works necessary to the well-draining and preserving the North Level,

" part of the said Great Level, and for laying taxes upon the lands within the said North Level, and on divers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowland.

CAB. LXXIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of so much of an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the road from Cramond Bridge to the town of Queensferry, in the county of Linlithgow.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of several acts made for repairing and amending that part of the road leading from a certain place called the White poll: on Al-conbury Hill, in the county of Huntingdon, to Wandsford Bridge, in the said county, called the North Division of the North Roadj and for repairing the road leading from Stilton, in the said county of Huntingdon, to the city of Peterborough, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty-fourth year of King George the, for repair-

ing the road leading from West Lavington to the

De-

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 82 — 87.

Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to enlarge the term contained in two of parliament yand to repair, and amend the road

from the guide post at the westerly end of Newton Lane, within the township of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the of Saddle-worth, in the county of York.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an ail madeJn the eighteenth year of King George the to repair the road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the county of the city of York, to a place near the said city, called Hobmoor Lane End.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for repairing, widening, and altering the

road from the market-house in the town of Great Far-ringdon, in the county of Berks, to Burford, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Peebles to /^King's Eatedge, and to Gatehope-know Burnfoot, and to the top of Minchmoor, and to Loch-head, in the county of Peebles.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Stone to Lane End; and to the road between Leek and Sandon on Meir Heath, and from thence to Blythe Bridge; and also from Meir to Trentham, and from theme to Stable-ford Bridge, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXVIL 'An act for repairing and widening the road from Shelton to the road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Buck-

nail to Weston Coyney; and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge; and from the same road to the road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near RuehiU Gate its the county of Stafford.

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 8S- — 92. [1770.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual two afis in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the e/nd the nineteenth year of the reign of his tote for repairing the road from Market Harborougti to Loughborough, in the comity of Leicester; and for pairing, widening, turning, and altering the road branching out of the aforefind road, at a catted Filling Gate to a road called the Foss Road, and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Mekon Mowbray, to the guide post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for making a navigable cut or canal from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpoole canal at Windfall, in the township of Idle, in the county of York.

CAP. XC.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty -fifth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from Livingston, by the kirk of Shotts, to the city of Glasgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the road leading from the confines of the county of Air, at or near Lochgate, to the town of Strathaven in the county of Lanark.

CAP. XCI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of three alls,

the twelfth year of King George the First, and tbs nineteenth and twenty-sixth years of his late Majesty, for re-

pairing the road from Liverpoole to Prescott, other roads in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for amending the road from the causeway at Blacklow Brow, to the causeway leading from Prefcot to Liverpoole, and also through Lime Kiln Lane, to Ranelagh House, in Liverpoole aforesaid.

CAP. XCII.

An act for enlarging and altering the terms and powers

veralalls, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, and in the twenty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads lead-

1770.] Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. g j — gS.

rng from the town of Bromsgrore ta the town of Dud Icy, in the county of Worcester; from the find town of

ftomfgrove to tbt town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick; fa for as the fond acts relate to the repotting of tbt roads leading from the find town of BirnuBglsan to the find tenon of Bromsgrave.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Patrick's Cross, within the town of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the town of Preston, in the same county palatine.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Vinehall in the parish of Mountfield, in the county of Suilex, to Cripp's Corner, and from thence to Staplecross, and to the turnpike road near the windmill in the parish of Beckley, and from Staplecross to Longley's water corn-mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripp's Corner to the town ^Rye in the county*

CAP. XCV.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Wem, in the county of Salop, to the lime rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in fe-

ver at roads leading from Tavernspite to the towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the county of Pembroke.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for amending and widening the road from Beilel-sleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the county of Berksj and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lamborn, in the said county of Berks.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Hodges

Anno undecimo Georgii III. c. 99. [1770.

to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the town of Cuck-field, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the town of

Lindfield, and from the turnpike road between Cuck field and Crawley, to the town of Horsham; the

road from S wingate, in the parish of Burwafb, Shover

Green, in the parish of Ticehurift, all in the county of Sussex.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for repairing and widening the roads firm Hand Cross to Corner House, and firm thence to the turnpike road leading from Horlham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the in the town of Henfield, in the county of Sussex.

