A TABLE of the STATUTES.

PUBLICK and PRIVATE

Anno vicesimo quarto

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the First Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

---

Cap. I. FOR further continuing, for a limited time, an act JP made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,’ An act for preventing certain in/lrtt* tnents from being required from shipi belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majest, for a limited, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fob-jests of his Majestys dominions, and the inhabitants of the frii United States.

Cap. 2. To impower the Eoft-India company to make a dividend to the proprietors of East India dock* at

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

Cap. 3. For more effe<5hially preventing frauds and abuses Committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing woo!, worded yarn,' and goods made from worsted, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 4. For incorporating the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorised by an act passed in the eighth year

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to B and, with the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorised by an act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to; and for consolidating their shares; and amending the said last mentioned act.

Cap. 5. For enlarging the market place, and regulating the markets within the town of Sheffield, in the west riding of the county of York; and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several streets adjoining or leading into the said market place; and for taking down the present daughter houses within the said town, and erecting others in a more proper situation.

Cap. 6. To enable such officers, mariners, and soldiers, as. have been in the land or sea service, or in the marines, or in the militia, or any corps of fencible men, since the second year of his present Majesty's reign, to exercise trades.

Cap. 7. For explaining certain acts of the parliament of -land concerning manufactories; and for extinguishing the claims made by the proprietors of the two manufactories, called The rape and soap manufa ft oriei of Glasgow, to certain exemptions from customs and duties, and for making compensation in lieu thereof.

Cap. 8. For establishing certain regulations concerning the portage and conveyance of letters and packets by the poll between Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap. 9. To authorise the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland to cancel bonds, given for the high duties on certain parcels of com imported into Great Britain, on certain conditions therein mentioned.

Cap. 10. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 11. For laying additional duties upon all candles, (except wax and (permaceti candles), and for more effectually securing the duties upon candles.

Cap. 12. To enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to encrease the capital nock of the said company.

Cap. 13. For appointing and enabling commissioners further to examine, take, and date the publick accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 14. To enable the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to compound*a debt due to the crown from Francis Dixon esquire deceased, and His sureties; and for veiling his estates m trustees; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 15 For the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to several parishes within the town of and the liberties thereof, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 16. To discontinue the petty euftom on aliens goods imported into Great Britain and the duty of one per centum on

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

goods exported to or imported from the Mediterranean Seas in unqualified ships; and for repealing so much of ?fi a# passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty as enacts, that no part of the old subsidy shall be degwn back upon goods exported to the British colonies or plantations in

Cap. 17. For amending and rendering more effectual an act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the borough of Dunheved otherwise Launceston, and parish of oarol Mary Magdalen, in the county of Cornwall; and for vesting the aftermowth of certain common lands within the borough in trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 18. For laying additional duties upon paper, paste-boards, millboards, and scaleboards; and for explaining certain doubts respecting the duties imposed by an act made in the twenty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, act for repealing the present duties upon, mill-

boards, and scaleboards, made in Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

Cap. 19. To revive and continue an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of fuel bark exceed a certain ratty

for a limited time \ and for extending several acts of parliament relative to the manufacture of leather, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 20. For altering and amending an act of the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing wardens and assay masters, for ojfaying wrought plait in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, so far as relates to the said town of Sheffield.

Cap. 21. For the preservation and encouragement of the hat manufactory within this realm, by preventing the exportation of British hare skins, British hare wool, and British coney wool, and all undressed or untawed British coney skins, and for preventing any of the said skins from being (tained or dyed; sod for the importation of goats hair into this kingdom duty-free.

Cap. 22. Fpr enabling fir Aft) ton Lever to dispose of his mo-feum, as now exhibited at Leiceft House, by way of chance.

Cap. 23. For further continuing, for a limited time, an 2d made in the twenty-third year of the feign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing certain instrumentsfun being required from flaps belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a Limited, certain powers ftr the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fitbjefts of Majesty's dominions, amUheinhabitants of the said United

Cap. 24. For granting to his Majesty certain rates and duties upon bricks and tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the same.

Cap. 25. For the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East India company, and of the British possess#0*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in India; and for establishing a court of judicature for the more

speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies.

Cap. 26. To repeal so much of two acts, made in the tenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as authorities the speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrant to the clerk of the crown for making out writs for the election of members to serve in parliament, in the manner therein mentioned 5 and for substituting other provisions for the like purposes.

Cap. 27. For laying an additional duty on hackney coaches; and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches.

Cap. 28. For authoring the treaftrer of the navy to pay to the officers and men belonging to his Majesty's ship Santa -garetta, the like bounty for taking the French frigate called L'Amaxont, as is altowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majesty's ships of war, taking or destroying ships of war belonging to the enemy.

Cap. 29. For vetting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and (lores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth j and also for revefting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Southampton, Corn, and, in the for-

mer proprietors thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors.

Cap. 31. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on horse? kept for the purpose of riding, and on horses used in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable.

tap. 32. To postpone the payment of the sum of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

Cap. 33. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of thp year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

Cap. 34. For the relief of the East India company with re-spedl to the payment of certain sums due to the publick, and to the acceptance of certain bills drawn upon the said company, sind for regulating the dividends to be made by the said comply-

Cap. 35. To ion power the bitttop of London for the time being, or any other bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of deacon or priest, persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majesty's dominions, without requring them to take the oath of allegiance as appointed by law.

Cap. 36. For repealing the present duties upon wax candles flftade in Great Britain; and for granting in lieu thereof other

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

duties upon wax candles made in Great, and upon wax imported, and upon licences to make or fell wax candles in Great Britain.

Cap. 37. For granting to his Majesty certain additional rates of postage for conveyance of letters and packets, by the post, within the kingdom' of Great Britain; for preventing frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goods in letters and packets; and for further preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from postage.

Cap. 38. For repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of cocoa puts and foftee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon.

Cap. 39. For granting annuities to fetisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 40. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; and for granting certain duties on cotton fluff* bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on licences for bleaching* or dying the fame; and upon the importation of stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in foreign parts.

Cap. 41. For laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of, and dealers in, exciseable commodities therein mentioned.

Cap. 42. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the punish-

ment of per font who shall attain, or attempt to, possesstan of

goods or moneys by false* or, untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; for the easy redemption of goods and for preventing gaming in publick, by

servants, and apprentices, so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; and for the easy redemption of goods pawned.

Cap. 43. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued with respect to’the killing of game.

Cap. 44. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money put of the (inking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred apd eighty-four; for appropriating the monies arising by the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, and also by a land tax* granted tp his Majesty by two ?&s made in the (aft feffioo of parliament; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 45. To extend the powers of an a<Sl made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certaui powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of h:$ Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

the United States of America,to the trade and commerce of thift kingdom, with the British colonies and plantations in with respect to certain articles therein mentioned.

Cap. 46. To discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits, as well for home consumption as for exportation; and for destroying all home made and foreign spirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vetting in his Majesty the duties of excise within the lands of, in the

county of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain impotts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indus. '

Cap. 47. For the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom.

Cap. 48. For better securing the duties on ttarch and soap.

Cap. 49. For granting additional duties upon raw and thrown silk imported into Great Britain, and upon lead exported from Great Britain into parts beyond the seas; and for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of ttlks, and ttuffs mixed with silk.

Cap. 50. To revive and continue several laws, relating to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; and to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores, to be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages $ and to extend the provisions of an act Of the twenty-thied year of his present Majesty, relative to the removal of wine in calks, to wine removed in bottles and other packages.

Cap. 51. For granting to his^dajesty certain duties on licences, to be taken out by persons vending hats by retail; and also certain duties on bats fold under such licences; and for laying additional duties on all hats and caps imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 52. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

Cap. 53. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported, and also certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great

Cap. <4. To explain and amend an act, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act to enable justices of peace to build and repair gaols % in their respective coanties; and for other purposes therein mentioned^ '

Cap. 55. To explain and amentf an act, made in the twentyr second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,.^ act for the amending and rendering more effectual the laws in being relative to houses of correction.

Cap. 56. For the effectual transporfatiop of felons and other

offenders 5

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

offenders; and to authorise the removal prisoners in certain

cases; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 57. To enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former proprietor upon certain terms and conditions, the for* feited estates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of trustees by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said act.

Cap. 58. To indemnify such persons as have omitted ta qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the pea^e, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members^and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be fiamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide adm& lions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, or to pay the do-ties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants.

Cap. 59. For extending, amending, and altering the powers of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for malting and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the month of the river of Carron, in the county of Stirling, to firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place ftf/M-Dalmuir Burn foot, in the county of Dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; and for making a navigable cut or canal of munication from the port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will jail into the firth of Forth.

Cap. 6o. For raising money to discharge debts contracted 00 account of the poor within the parish of Christ, in the county of Middlesex;for repairing and enlarging the prefbnt

workhouse of the said parish; and for further regulating the manner of rating to the poor, appointing overseers, and prefer* ing all accounts relating to the offices of churchwarden and overseer of the poor, and treasurer, of the same parish.

Cap. 61. For amending several roads leading from through Kiddington and Enfione, to Rollright Lane \ and from Enjlow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 62. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign -of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Alford to Boftoo, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the county Lincoln.

Cap. 63. To amend and render more effectual so much sttf two alts, made in the second and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, and altering Jmrol roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, other places in the

county of Devon, and far repairing and widening the road from the

guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Mathew*street* and Lower Brook-street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunna Bridge Pound, and from the Callington turnpike road to Morwelhaan and New Quay, in the said county, as relates to the roads leading from the lower market house, in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Town GatCy in Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon Gate, to the Old mJPoundy near Plymouth Dock,

Cap. 64. To enlarge the term and powers of an a passed in the third year of his present majesty King George the Third, amending and widening several roads leading from o/r near the north end of the town and borough of Totnes in the county of Devon.

Cap. 65. For completing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Rovod Ford, through the Devizes market place, to Sheppard*j Shord; and from the east end of Devizes to the top

of Red Honey in the county of W and for changing and altering part of the said road.

Cap. 66. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the meeting house in the parish of Llanegwady to the lime kilns in the parish of Llanddarog; and from Dan-yr~ AUt hr the said parish of Llanegwady to Pont-y-Berew in the parish of Llangendeirney in the county of

Cap. 67. For' repairing and widening the road from the (hambles in the borough of Plymo, in the county of Devon, through Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the weft end of the said bridge io the inner barrier gate next the play-house, in the parish of St.oke Damarely in the said county; for lighting, watching, and watering the said road;« and for regulating the Hands and fares of carriages using the famet Cap. 68. For repealing an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the towns of Salford, -rington, Boltony and Wigany and to certain places called The Broad Oaky in Worftey, and Duxbu Stocks, in the county pala-tifte of Lancaster5 for making more effectual provision for re-

pairing and widening the said roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the road from a place called, in

Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End \ and also from Agecroft, over Kerfal Moory to Singleton Brooky in the said county.

Cap. 69. To continue the term, at)d alter and enlarge the powers of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign, of his present Majesty, for amending, rep, and roads

in the counties 5/Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other roads in the said counties.

Cap. 70. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from KLirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the county of Westmorfand, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the county palatine ^Lancaster; and from Bracken Bar Gate, Alkrigg,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the county of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal; W clfo the road from the Four Lane Ends Marthwaite, to the turnpike road on Grayrigg Hause, leading from Appleby t$ Kirtby Kendal, in the said county of Westmorland.

---

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of the Honourable Edward Earl of Derby, deceased, in the several Counties of Warwick, Chester, and Cambridge, in the Right Honourable Edward the present Earl of Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said present Earl of Derby in the County of Lancaster, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

2. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange, agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Saint David's, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Battesford, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, of certain Grounds and other Hereditaments within the said Parish.

3. An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Okill, deceased, to sell certain Leasehold Estates in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Preference to his Estates of Inheritance, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

4. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates late of Sir Robert Sutton Knight, deceased, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns; and for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Sir Richard Sutton, situate in Bleazby and Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

5. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Undivided inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Longnor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of Hextrope with Bally, and Long Sandall, in the Soke of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Joseph Mary Poulain.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, in the County of Warwick.

10. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, and George Drummond Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish.

11. An Act to explain and amend a Power veiled in John Dalton Esquire, so grant Leases, so far as it concerns certain Lands and Hereditaments within the Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for vesting the Estate or Dalziell, lying in the County of Lanerk, in James Hamilton Esquire, and others, in Fee Tail, under the Conditions and Limitations within mentioned; and for vesting in the said James Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Roschall, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, intailed by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same.

14. An Act for replacing the Sum of five thousand five hundred Pounds, raised by Sale of six thousand two hundred and six Pounds four Shillings, Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Part of seventeen thousand Pounds, like Annuities, mentioned in the Marriage Settlement of John Dalrymple Esquire, and Eleanor his Wife, and applied in the Purchase of certain Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estate, in the County of Southampton; and for vesting such Estates in Edward Mordant Esquire.

15. An Act to enable the Trustees named in the Will of Samuel Egerton Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised; and for vesting Part of the Timber on certain other Parts of the devised Estates in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting Part of the Town Fields, and the Whole of the Town Green, of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Loxley Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne inclosures within the said Manor of Wadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfield in the West Riding of the County of York.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Ecclesfield, and the several Soakes or Districts of Southey and Grennofirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York

21. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Goodhart.

22. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir William Rowley, to apply Part of the Trust Monies in rebuilding the Mansion House called Tendring Hall, and Offices, in the County of Suffolk.

23. An Act for inverting the Estates late of Thomas Barlow Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged upon and affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicester.

25. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend John Dewes Clerk, in the Counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

28. An Act to impower Margaret Bowes Spinster, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Thoroton, and Anne his Wife, and the Reverend Robert Croft, and Elizabeth his Wife, to grant Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Northumberland, and County Palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain Parts of the same Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

29. An Act for vesting Part of the several Estates of Richard Whitworth Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled Estates in the same County, of greater Value.

The End of the TABLES.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

---

jinnoregn’t GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Britannia, Brand a, & Hibernia,

AT the parliament begun and at Westminster, the thirty-first day of Q&ober, Anno Domini 1780, in the twenty-first year of the reign of our fivereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland* King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the eleventh day /November, 1783; being the fourth feffim of the fifteenth parliament of Great Britain.

seven hundred and eighty-four.

Malt alt of a Geo. 3. further continued to June *4,17*5, and 6 Geo. a* recited. Clause of loan at 41.10*. per cent. Exchequer bills issued by irtue of this afitobe placed as cash in the offices of the tellers Of the receipt of exchequer} lobe i flu able thereout in common with other monies, and to be current in the revenue* Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. Penalty on refusal, for hours after demand subject to a&ioit for the money and full costs. Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. Interest to be allowed till payment: except whilst the bills nre in the hands of receivers, &c. Bills paid to receivers, &c. to be signed and dated. Bills may be re-issued, both for principal and interest. Receivers to keep books, tool, penalty on receiver neglecting to keep books, See." Bills filled up by indorsement, or defaced, to be exchanged. Bills not exceeding c,ooool. each, may be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills, or indorsement thereon, felony. Commissioners to appoint persons to pay off principal sums, which maU from time time be in course of payment upon exchequer bills, as money is brought an, to be paid to the paymasters. Bills to be registered in course. Wtua

f fa

When

manly

:ed x

4Q$ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2—<*6. [1785.

poney is referred for payment the interest to cease. Paymasters liable tq the controul of the treasury. Treasury to lettle salaries of clerks, &c. and to contract with persons to circulate bills. at the rate of 4l. 10s. per cent per aim. Conrra&ors not disabled f>om being members of pints-ment, Sec. Contra&cfs may lower or raise the interest, with content of treasury. Contractors to be paid out of money issued to the paytnafter. No fft to be taken by the off,ecu of the exchequer, Sec. IJo fractions ot a pet) py to be paid for interest. Charges so be p*id ftp* of the'jjnkiiK fprid, and to nt replaced oat of the nrft supplies. Clause of reqef fit bills lost or destroyed. Bills discharged to 1>e cancelled. Sinking fund appropriated to difdnrge national debts incurred before Dec. *5, 1716. Deficiency of the malt tax is Geo. 3. how to be supplied Arrears of Conner duties to be applied in aid of .{be supplies granted for the yeu 1784.

CAP. II.

act so continue; for limited time, an act wa^e io the last fefBoo of parliament* intituled An afor'preventing certain inftfuments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited fime, C«rtwn power* far the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubie&t of his Mi» jetty’s dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

Geo. 3. c. 33. recited; and continued until April so, 1784.

CAP. III.

An to ponfinue fa much of an act made in the last session of parGi* " merit, as allows Farther time for the payment of certain sums due, and to become dpe to the publick, from the united company of merchant! of England trading to the East Indie*.

S3 Geo. 3. c. 83. recited. C^mnpflfaners of the treasury may allow the company further time for t Mpayihent of their'debts dqe to the public

CAP. IV.

An Act for granting an ai<i to hit Ma|«fly by a land tax, to be raised it, Great Britain, for the frrvice -of the^ear one fftohrarid seven hofrirn

jnd eighty-four. — Four fhiillrigs fa t he pound* 1

p a' p. v.

A» to enable the company of proprietors Of the JfairowItawiM* ' navigable cut or canal, more eifettuajiy to complete nnd nuurinia'tbi fame.

AS 8 Geo. 3. c. 6 j. recited. Company o( proprietors ina powered to frifc a*further sum of ri,ooool.‘; to be divided into ttiaries of 50l. £acfi. fartprions raised fmee the passing. the former act, deemed part of the cy tal Dock. It fubfirtiptton* prove deficient the 901110407 quy bppff jnoney, and assign the tolj$ 3* leturity.

C A vr.

An ett fhr tfkphhshing certain regulations concerning the portaged conveyance of letters and packets by the fojl between Qrcat Britiifl and Ireland.

[Preamble.]

Wf EREAS,. by an off made in the fourth year of the nil*

Recital of ' of Ms present Majes > An act for preventing Geo. 3. c. and abuses in relation to the Tending and receiving of

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6. 409

letters and packets free from the duty of pottage; ft; f

enacted, That rib, letters or packfent by the post, or.

crom any place whatsoeVebyJball be exempted from paying the duty of

ojlagty except fiubletters and packets as are therein excepted: and

whereas a pofl^fic'e in tpe kingdom Ireland it intended to be ejtb^ dishedy independant of that of Great Britain, in which case it >e necessary that proper regulations be made for carrying on the corm respondence by post, between. Qffcat Britain and Ireland, and that to letter* or packets (except id the cajes btrein-after to be hould pefs free of poflage from the one kingdom to the other: for which purpose, may it please your Majesty that it niay be.enacted 5 and be it enacted by the Ring’s tfiott excellent Majesty* by ind with the advice and coriferit of the iords spiritual and tern-poral, and commons* id this present parliament attembled* >t v ind by the Authority of the faaie; That, immediately from and Pat*?. tni

ifter the establishment of a general post office Ih, by re^, & % he authority of the parliament of that kingdom, so much of the^eftjcblifln-the said act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefect ment of a get Majesty, is.-relates to letters and packets, printed votes* pro* nenl post.

:ceding* in parliament, and printed tiewfpapers, patting by the post free from the duty 6f pottage, from Great Britain to Ire-

and, and from irelahd to Great Britain, shall be, and the fame

is heireby repealed; v

Ill And whereas the conveyance of letters from Gfcat

Britain to Ireland and from Ireland to Great Britain, isintettdei

to be defrayed at the expense of the revenue of Great Britain; be it

therefore further enacted, That nothing herein Cohtaihed shall NottodepHv#

deprive, or be construed to deprive, the postmaster-general for ,he

the time being* and his jftpbties; Of the pottage and convey- Jhc MttaJe

a nee of letters and packets from Great Britain to, and and frooilrt*

from Ireland to Great Britahty or prevent the said postmaster- land.

general, and his deputies, from demanding, having; receiving,

and taking, for the iife of his Majesty; his heirs and fucccf-

Tors* the rates by dny a ft of acts of parliament payable for the

Tame.

III. And be it Anther enacted by‘ the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's pO(U Cerhfie add!* matter-general* and his deputies, and he send they are hereby required to demand and receive, for the port and conteyance

Df all letters and packets for Great Brit, carried by the post general* toHe within any pert of Ireland* in addition to the rates of pottage accounted toff iiercby reserved, such further rates 6f pottage as shall, upon the to the post. istablishment of a port*office in Ireland,be charged for convey- °afJ£,ft

ince of letter^ and packets therein, by any ait or *fts to be ^re^fter made by the parliament of that kingdom and that his Majesty's postmaster-general shall, and he IS hereby authorised and required to account for and pay to the revenue of the post office of Ireland, quarterly, such pottage so to accrue with-

in the kingdom of Ireland, and to be received within that of Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

Y f'j That*

land to be conveyed to

the postmaf* ter geaend cheat.

410 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6.

[17!].

A temporary That, until the general post office of shall hate db*

H®* btiftted packet boats for the port and conveyance of letters and the T^of Sce Pac^ets ^oin Ireland to Great there shall be allowed h

in irdud. account, from the general letter-office or post office m Grot Britain, to the revenue of the post office in, a fumnot exceeding four thousand pounds per annum, by quarterly pay-menu, in lieu as well of the profits of the said packets, as in compensation fot other purposes.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority1 aforesaid* General pot- That the postmaftet-general of Great Britain, and aril and every office in fie- other person and persons in whom the buildings erected in Dublin, and known by the name of The General a

Ireland, are or shall be veiled,* shall, and he and they are hereby severally authorised and required, so soon as a post-atfee shall be established in Ireland, by authority of the parliament of that kingdom* to assign over and convey to the postmaster-

general of Ireland for the time being, for the use of his Majesty is heirs and successors, without any consideration being paid for the same, all and singular the Said buildings, and all right, title, and interest whatsoever, in and to the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's postmaster-general for (he time being to authorise certain persons to lend and receive printed votes, proceedings in parliament, and print* tofend mud oewfpapers, by the post, to and from Great Britain and lrt> receive prist- land, at the rate of one penny only for each printed vote and cd voces. Sec. proceeding, in parliament, and each printed newspaper, over to and (com above the printed price thereon, to be carried to the revenue of the post office of Great Britain; and all prinred votes and proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, feat and received, shall be free from any other rate of poftap whatsoever.

VII. Provided, That it shall and may be lawful for any person whatsoever to fond any printed votes, proceedings id parliament, and printed newspapers, by the post, to and koto

__________Great Britain and Ireland, kt the rate of one penny only for fb<

each,provided carriage of each printed vote and proceeding in parliament,!^ the packet* each printed newspaper; such printed votes, proceedings,

printed newspapers, when so sent, to be open at both ends; the penny required to be paid for the carriage of the Same to be paid when the said printed votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, shall be put into the post office; wbkl printed votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed new/p* pers, shall be marked Post paid, and the money received thereofl shall be carried to the rev enue of the post office of Gnat Brin*

Potwlfer-geaerai may

Any person may tend printed votes. See* by the pod, lor a d.

f I7Jj-l Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 411

- c A vit.

j&i.al? to explain and amend afiad, made fijjbti

foment, intituled An act for reeling an ait, made Id thq twenty, second year of his present Majesty, intituled An act

for charging a stamp duty upon intend tills of exchange,

note*, or other notes, payable other Wifi than upon demand i and for granting new stamp-duties on bills of etenange, pfotoif-. lory and other notes; and also (lainp-duties dri receipts j and for indemnifying ailperfofts tube have written or signed any hill rt exchange, promissory or other note, or any cording ti lav).

WHEREAS by an HR,made in the test if Aeamtitft

Vt (intituled An act for repealing an act» made in the twenty-second year of his present MajestyJ intituled An 4ft fop tbarging a fiamp-duty upon inland bills 6f exchange* Promissory

or other notes, payable other wise than upon demand end for granf* log new stamp-duties On bills of exchange, protrtiflory dftd other tiores; and also stamp-duties on receipts)} That}

from and after the first day of Augud, ofe thousand hundred and eighty three, there flfmdbe raiftd, levied, and paid,

throughout the "kingdom f Great Britain; unto and for of his Majesty, his fair's and successors,the fevered and ’

ing; (that is to fly), for ebtry piece of vellum or oh

sheet or piece of paper, upon Which any foreign or inland bill of

change, promissory note, or Other note, draft, & order, be grossed, written, or printed, whfre the Jam therein, of

made pdf able thereby, should not amount to ’the sum of fifty pounds', there shoidd be charged aJidmp-duty offix pence \ and for every pied of vellum or parchment, or Sheet or piece of paper, Upon which an} foreign or inland bid of exchange, promissory hole, or other draft, or order, should be ingrossed, written, or printed. Where the fiem expressfed therein, ftr tndde payable thereby, should amount to the sum of fifty pounds, or upwardt, there should be charged a stamp-

duty of one killing: and it wits enacted, That, from and after the first day of September; one thousand seven hundred and there should be raised, levied, allefted, and throughout tbi kingdom of Great Britain, the fevered rates and duties (that is to say), for every piece of vellum or pahhriUnt, or Sheet of piece of paper, upon which any receipt or other difehaige given upon the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, and hot amounting to the sum of twenty pounds, JkoUld be ingrossed, or printed

there should be charged d Jiamp-duly of two-pente\ Und for ever} piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of amounting to the futh of txbenty pound), and upwards, should be -grossed, written» or printed, there should be charged a /lamp duty of four-pend: and it Was farther enacted by the act. That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, di/iribut ions of penalties, and

forfeitures, and all other matters and things or appointed

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7.

[17!$

Jy anyfirmer act or acts of par relating to the dntia on vellum*parchment* and paper> should be of full force and eftd

with relation to the duties thereby imfojei* and should be applied ed put in execution for the raijinlevying* collecting* and feiwneg.de

/aid new duties, thereby mpefed* according to the true intent ad vmeaning of ike [aid ad* as and effectually* to all intents ad

purpofis* as if the fame had and respedheiy been thtrdj

enacted* with relation to the said new duties thereby whereas bf federal of the laws now in fine* relating fa the jleup duties on vellum* parchment* and paper* it was enacted* per/ on or per fins should ingross or or caufi to be

written* upon any vellum* or paper* any of tie matter,

or things fir which the said or is sherd)

charged to say any duty* before time as the vellum* parti

mint* ot paper* /ballbe marked or stamped as

wbkb there shall not be fimmark or resembling the fame* er fboedd ingrofi or write* or caufi to be ingrijj'ed or written* any -ter or thing upon any vellumparchment* or paper* that should marked or stumped fir any lower duty than the duty by such alls able for what should be so or written* ing should* fir every such offence* forfeit the of five

ami by other of the said laws the penalty and n

fleck offence is ten pounds rand whereas doubts have whethe

1 the find rutted ad of the last session of parliament extends any er

either* and which of the penalties prescribed by the said firmer of parliament*to bills of exchange* promijfiry and other notes* ad receipts or other discharges given fir the payment of money* on vellum* parchment* or paper* net properly stumped: for remedy whew*

of, and to obviate such doubts, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King-s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord* spiritual land temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a (fernbled, and by the authority of the same, That, froa and after the twenty-fifth day of one thousand feveo

hundred and eighty-tour, all and every person or persons who shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, any bill of hange# -exchange, promissory of other note, or any receipt or other dif no^orre- charge given for the payment of money, liable-to any (lamp* ceipt*liable duty charged by the said recited. act of the last session of parlii-toaay ftapip- ment, upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without by the the fame being first duly stamped as in and by the said act h session directed, or upon which there shall not be some (latftp or road

cvptonfamp- resembling the fame, he, she, or they shall, for every such bill «d paprr, &c. of exchange, promissory or other note, or any such receipt or 00 penalty ot other discharge, so written or signed, forfeit and pay the fuo of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as in and by dx said recited act is directed, or in manner herein after mentioned.

AH persons Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-

indemnified said, That no person shall be liable to any prosecution for bar* (mhaving 'ing written or signed, or caused to be written or signed, prc-

¥10*4

Mo person,' after Mfrch

»5,17«4.to

write or (irn any bit! of each a

7*1*3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7. 41}

vious to the commencement of this adfc, apybiil of exchange, signed such proa\j(Tory or other note, or any receipt or other discharge for she payment of money, uppp any piece of vellum, parchment* bSore or paper, apt duly damped according io^the directions contain- thtcin-cd in the said recited a# of the lad feraori of parliament; niehcetttedt of

i III. And whereas drafts or orders for meat of money ok

demand upon any banker, or person or person as a banker, rt-ftding or transading the bufinefi of a banker within tea toilet of the

plaee of abode of tie person or persons drawi such draft or

are exempted on the find herein-before recited act from the payment

of the stamp~auty thereby imposed ;and whereas it might tend to pro*

pent evafioeu, if such exemption was confined to drafts or orders made

payable to the hearer \be it therefore further enabled. That ali Drafts ori

Cdrafu or orders, for the payment of money on demand, upon tankers, out any banker, person or persons acting as bankers, which are not Cyahte drawn payable to the bearer, shall be, and the same are hereby jj^tome declared to be liable to and changed with the-(lamp-duties by lamedories she said herein-before recited act impeded upon foreign or in* bHIs of land bills of exchange, promi (Tory dotes, or other notes, drafts, exchange,^ or orders; the hereiA-before recited exemption in the said a <0 the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it was not the intention of the

to jubied to any fiamp-duty any note, draftor which

legally given for any sum not amounting to therefore

be it enacted, That no stamp duty shall be required for or on Note*, fee. account of any draft, order, or note,'which may legally be under 40 a. given, wherein the sum expeeded or made payable does not not table to amount to the sum of forty shillings* Mny

V. And whereas, by the said herein-before recited act, the duty

thereby granted on receipts is dirededto be paid by the person requir-

ing the fame, (except as therein is excepted), and a penalty is by this act imposed on any person who shall givo a receipt on any

vellum, or paper, not properly jfomped as by the said act is dirededz and whereas it would bo a great convenience to traders and others to

furnijbthe sueipt pt oporly stamped, if they were allowed to mdkc a tbarge thereof; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may Person* rr-

be lawful for any person or persons required to give any re- quicedtogH* ccipt, to provide the paper stamped and marked as by the said a recited act is directed; and such person or persons shall and may add the value of the damp to the debit of the account of ctarge the the person requiring the fame, or to the demand, for the dif- value tftectaf. charge of which the said receipt was required; which said charge so made shall be allowed to be good and valid in any court of law or equity.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Receipt for thing in this act, or in the herein before recited act contained, the purctafc shall extend, or be conftvued to extend, to charge or impose

any stamp duty upon any receipt given or to be given for the S?fordivh confidetation for the purchase of any share in any publick (lock dendt thereof, or fund, or in the (locks of the corporations of the bank of not liable to

4^4 Aiino vtcefimd qtidrfo Gsdltoil Ift.'tt. f. [iy&j,1

England* East India company, orcdtnpany, or for the dividends paid or payable on such (Hares of the said (locks. mm tUoft for

VII. Provided always, and it is hefceby further enacted by drawback*, the authority aforesaid, That nothing iii tbiiadl, ot in tW be* fore-recited act of the last session, shall extend, or be construed

to extend, to charge any receipt given or required td bo given for any money payable by la# to arfy merchants for drawbacks of bounties upon the exportation of any goods oterthancfoet from this kingdom, nor to any certificates of over entry of any duties or custotns, nor to any portage bills allowed to mailers of ships or vessels for making a just and true report of their cargo at the coftom-house $ any thing in this act of any other act or acts of parrHament, to the contrafy riot with (landing.

No bill of

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no bill exchange. of exchange, promissory or other note, receipt Or other d& note, or re- charge given for the payment of moneys required to be damped stamped after recited act of the last session of parliament, shall be

written or permitted to be stamped at any time after the same shall have signed, unless been written or signed, unless upon payment of the fom of tea upon oayment pounds; and the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined " 10 * and required, upon payment of the duty, and (he said sum of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give a receipt for (he fame* and td mark or damp" such bill of exchange, promissory note, receipt br other discharge given for the payment of money, with thC mark or (lamp required by the said hereiti-6cfore rc-- cited act.

Any neigh-

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; bouring juf- That it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the t ce may de- peaCC redding near the place where the offence shall be Com-fences against mitted, to hear ?n(1 determine any offence against this a<Sl, ,cf

thu adr the said recited act of the last session of parliament, which fub-je<5ls the offender to the penalty of five pounds for writing of signing, or causing to be written or signed, any bill of exchange, promissory or other note, or any receipt or other discharge given upon the payment of money; without the fame being first duly damped; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited; or complaint made, in that behalf; to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, and to examine ' into the matter of fall; and upon due proof made thereof either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture aS in and by this act is TemHti»s may directed, and to award attd ifiiie out his warrant under his hand bc ttvied by and seal, for the levying the said penalty of five pounds so ad-uittrds. judged on the goods of the offender; and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within fix On f*,lur* of days, rendering to the party the overplus, (if any); and wherd lender to be the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer committed. the penalty, to commit such offender to prifdn* there to remain

for

3*J Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. '

if the fyate ttf three months* unkfs such pecuniary penalty tall he (boner paid and Satisfied t and if any person or persons laM find himself or tifcfttfol?w- aggrieve* by the ^odgmfot -if ny such judice, thtfth*Oi^ity(tal!and tiny* upon gift«£ icurity to the amount Of tbdvtiluef of such peitalry and for* siturc, together with fhth ct>(h * shall be awarded m case ach judgment shall be affirmed^apjfcai to the ^julfiderof the ►eace at the next general quartet feifiofcs for ehe ooutttyf ridings r place, which (hah happed after'fourteen days’ tteitfbdtr such onviction shall have been made, and of which' appeal reason* ble notice shall be given, who are hereby impowered to sum-non and examine whnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and letermine (he fame:, and in case the judgment of such judice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such judices to award he person or persons to pay such costs ocoafioned by such ap-ieal, as to them shall seem meet. Provided neverthelefe. That t shall and may be lawful to and for the'find joftke, where he hall fee cause, to mitigate and lefTen any such penalties as he hall think (it, (reasonable oodsand'charges of the officers and nformers, as well ht making the discovery as in prosecuting he fame, being always allowed, over add above such mitiga-ion), and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to efs than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above he said Cods and charges; any thing contained'in this act, or iny other act of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a wttness or witnesses, to give evidence before such judice or judices, touching any of the matters restive to this act, or to the herein-bdfore recited of theiad leflion of parliament, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, (his or her reasonable expences being firit paid or tendered), without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusel, to be allowed of ay such judice or justices of the peace, or appearing, shall re-ruse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before such jjftice or justices of the peace before Whom the prosecution shall ae depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for ivery such offence, the sum of forty Shillings- to be levied and aaid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein directed is to other penalties, Without a reasonable exetffe for such re-rufal, to be allowed of by such judice or justices of the peace.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act (the necessary charges for the re-rovery thereof being first deduced) shall be divided and drftfi->uted, one moiety thereof to the receiver-general of his Ma-edy’s damp-duties, (or some person authorised by him to rereive the lame), for the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for ;he fame.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person or persons

4*1

Persons ag-

proper Security) appellee the quarter difioMS,

whole deter-ni nation Jhdl be final.

Justice may mitigate penalties.

Penalty on persons sum-rooned as wit-nrfies who shall negfedt to appear.

Penalties and forfeit urea how to be applied.

Complaints, # 8tc, under this

4 ti Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. [tylji

to hi period* dull be liable to be convicted before any jiiftweof peice

nik4e within fa offence committed agpinft tMU ad, or m id intituled,

JOta* In efi fir repeating an 08,made in the twenty-feeoud jtor tf to

(repent Majestyi intituled* Ari act for Charging a tfamp-duty upon, inland bills of exchange, prointi&tly note*, or other notes, pay-

j able otherwise than upon demand % Jk*p

duties on Hits of exchange*prmtffbrj and other, and dfijlap

duties on rteeipts\ unless complaint or information shall bemads or exhibited against such person or persons wittfiri ode year after inch offence committed*

CAP. Vits:

An act for the more tafy and speedy recovery of small debts witSin tfi town and port of Dovor, and the parities of Ctiarlton, BucklM River, Ewell, Lyddeu, Coldred, East Langdon, Welt Langdon, E«f* would,' Saint Margaret's At Ql»tf, Wmc field other wile BesosM, Guftoir, Hougham otherwise Huff ham, Caple 1# Fern, and AlkHa, and also the liberty of DovAr Cattle, Id the county of Kent.'

The name and style to be the Cobft of Reqoeftf in the Town aMPart of Voror i debts above as. and under 40a. may tic recovered the.cifl. Cow d&imoners appointed.

CAP. X.

An act to enlarge the powers of an act made in tfife thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Georgy the Second, intituled An adfr draining and preserving certain marln and Yen lands, and low grossto in the p&rish of Wiggenhdl Saint Maty Magdalen, in the const? 0 Norfolk,

Recital of an act 30 Geo. a. c. 3*. Commi/toners of fonder arf to* tornrriiflioneri in this. Meetings of coolmiiSoners as in former act Po*® to lay a forth*: tot of »s. 6d. per acre per ann. on lands on theweffck Of South and North Heading Drains, and vs. td. pef acre person. land* on the emit fide of said drains, kites to be not left than a moiety until payment of the money to be borrowed. Power to borrow $,ooooL and to assign the rates as a fCcority. Mortgagees to be creditors is eqwj proportion, without priority* The money to be borrowed to pay thedurp of this act, End then for altering; removing, rebuilding, or repairing, & gines, &c. The rates to be liable, in the first place, to the psymestof the money to be borrowed, and interest thereof. Creditors may ddnh for interest, if not paid half yearly, or within three months after, te* rities transferable. - A dam* bank; drain, and Alice, to be made three, months after passing this act, terefls tpfe end of The North Boot* Proviso, that at the expiration of ten years, if laid dam, Arc. is ptjri* rial to the drainage of lands south of. Ibid.Simons Load, the lame ts be removed. May 1 make allowance foe ca (thing molds' and vermis* trees or hdlts to be within 400 yards of any engines hoW of hW» e reded by this or the' former act} noy any building to be heretfttr ti&d within the lame distance; No mitl or engine to be erected or UW to drainage of owners own lands only; Claulm, Arc. of former act exttsra to this. Ail frits to be' commenced within. six calendar mohda, brought in Norfolk, General issue. Treble costs. Publick act,.

»7

783.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 10-w 12,

kn act for appointing commissioners tq put fa execution an act of thip session of parliament* intituled, act for grafting an aid to hit Mi. jetty by a land tax. to be raised in Great firittin, fqr the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-foyr; together with those pained in two former acts for appointing cam million ert of the hpid tax* and with those named in an act of the last session of parliament* intituled An act for granting ai> aid to fcis Majesty by a land tat* to be raised in Great Britain, »<* the (ifrripe of the year questtooqfand fcveii hundred and eighty-three.

CAP. XI.

An act for mmifliing iqutiny and deserticm; and for the better ptymenf of the army and their <|uartert.

lumber offeree* 17^13* ipehnjing 1,* jqtayitkJ*, Antiqued for ohe year;

fa off to authorise the removal n certain cases; and t§

aflted the laws rtfpeflingI, 1

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS difficulties have occurr, which the carrying into execution /ententes cad orders 'ion of convii 0s to places beyond the feat, and it may be some

fere the jasd difficulties can to obviated: and the «w-

e/ually great nUmtorof offenders now under /entente of death and re/pited during his Majesty's phafure, or under sentente or order of transportation, in the gaols within England Wales, there is

ruch a want of eowenient andfuffident room in many of gaols

that-very dangerous conferences are to to apprehended,

'm mediate provifeon be made for removing fetch offenders to feme other

elate of confinement: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritdal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliampu assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, His Majesty from and immediately after the twenty-fifth day of, one imnowered to thousami seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall be lawful for 0 €°

his Majesty, from time to time, by an order in writing to be tbieejuttkes notified by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries offtate, or of peace to for any three of fnprq of such of his Majesty's justices of the order, the repeace afiipg in and for the county, city, or place, in which "PT*1 malt Fuch gaol shall be situated, as shall be authorised by his Ma- S^sentence* jetty, under his (ign manual, to direct the removal of ahy one of death*

Dr more male offender or offenders, who, during the continu- from any gaol ance of this act, shall be under feotenpa of death with* reprieve £, England or during his Majesty Is pleasure, or under Sentence or order of *et* :ranfponation, and who, havinr been examined by an experienced surgeon or apothecary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious oiftemper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prifoa in which such offender or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement yv^thin England, or the do-

CAP. X.

CAP. XII.

minion

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. t*.

[17$$.

minion of Wales* either at land, or on board any ship orvefei in the river Thames* or any* navigable or other river, or within the limits of any port of England or Wales* as his Majesty, of arty three or more of ftiVh justices, authorised as aforesaid, ihiB from time to time appoint, and under the management of overseer or overseers to be appointed by his Majesty, or any three or more of such justices authorised as aforesaid; and every offender who shall be so removed shall continue in the foil place of confinement, or be Removed to and confined in any other such. place or places as aforesaid, as his Majesty, or a any three or more of such justices, authorised as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until fttch offender shall be transported. according to law or by the expiration of the term oi such ttfanfportation, or otherwise, shall be intitled to his 5-berty* or until his Majesty v or until any three or more of such justices, authorised "'as aforesaid, shall dire# the return of such offender to the gaol or pri fan from which he shall have been h removed.

to de. -

II. And be it further enacted, That the sheriff or gaoler, liver offenders having the custody of any offender who(e removal shall be or-J^r»rder« devod *i: manner aforesaid, fhilT, with all convenient speed wttb sTproper rece, Pt of the notification of any such order, convey,« certificate.1^ cause to be conveyed, every such offender to the place appointed, and there deliver him, with a certificate of his christha name, fur name, and age, and of his offence, and of the conn in which he was convicted, and also of the purport of his fen* tence, to such overseer or overseers as aforesaid, who shall give a proper receipt in writing to the sheriff or gaolef, for the discharge of (Uch sheriff or gaoler.

Gaolers fees,

III. And be it further enacted, That all fees, on deliverin' *nd expen ces out of the custody of such sheriff or gaoler any such offender fa of ordered to be removed, as bath usually been paid, and would

the cottftty,y have hcen due to them respectively if such offender had been &c. removed in order to have been transported, and all reasonable

expences which the sheriff or gaoler shall incur in every fod removal, shall be paid by the county, riding* city, borough liberty, or other division, for which the court in which tte offender was convicted shall have been held; and the sheriffo* gaoler shall receive the money due for such fees an^l expend from the treasurer of such county* riding* city,-borough, so berty, or other division, ,fiidi fees and expences being nra allowed by the order of the justices of the peace at their qutrttrj or other general sessions of the peace, who are hereby required

to make such order as shall be just in that behalf.

Overseerv, to%

IV. And be it further enacted, That after delivery of aty whom such offender under this a*, the overseer who shall have the custody S* Viv"erj are during the term of such custody, have the hoe 1

have the lame powers over him as ere incident to the office of a {henff*. powers over gaoler; and in Hke manner be anfiverable for anyefcapcoj them as gaol* such offender; and aHo, during such custody, shall feed "» &c. clothe such offender, and ftiallkcep him in such manner, a*

4«9

783.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. u,

'here the fame can safely be done, permit him to labour at ich places, ajid under such directions, limitations, and restrictions, as his Majesty, or as any threp or more of such justices,' uthorised as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, by any ordef p be directed to such overseer or overseer; for their instruction, ppoint; apd shall allow him half the profits arising from such Prisoners ta abour for his«own use; and in the mean tiipe, as pearly in pnformity to the treatment of persons committed (0 houses of :orre#ion as the nature of the case will a)low.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-hut (hair not hing.contained in this act shall extend to authorise putting to he forced t<\ abour any person, whilst he coptipues popfinpd by virtue of works

his act, who shall not ^onfent (hereto,

VI. And it is hereby declared, That nil (he time during Time of im-vhich any offender, being removed under (he provisions afore- pnlonment tq aid, shall coptinue confined by virtue of this as, shall be

eckoned in discharge, or part discharge, or satisfactiop of the term^ of tcani-:crm of his transpottation, To far as such time shall extend* portation. '

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any offender shall, Overseer* m«y luring such custody under this act, be guilty of apy mifbeha- inflia mode-viour or difprdefly conduct, 4( shall be lawful for such overseer mepomfli- ’ or overseers, having the custody of such offender, to inflict, or S^vioar^ eause to be indicted, such moderate punishment as may be in*

Sifted by hw on persons committed to a house of correction; and if any such offender shall break from, or unlawfully leave (lie custody of such overseer or overseers, or if any person shall refeue, or attppipt to reicue, or aftift in refeuing, any such offender fropi speh custody, or shall supply any arms or instrument of escape, or any difguiie, to such offender, every such affence shall be punishable in the same manner as if such offender was in a gaol or prison, in the custody of the sheriff or other gaoler, fpf (he qripa* Vfhich such offender (half have seen convicted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the Overseer* to everal places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this make return* pSt, shall, from time to time, make returns, specifying

lames of every person in their custody, the offence of which he of King hall have been guilty, the court before which he shall have Bench, the :>een convicted, the fentepce of the court, with his age, and (bit day of -bodily (tate, and his behaviour whilst in custody; and also the urm* lame of such offenders who (Kali have died under such custody,

>r shall have escaped, or have been lawfully, released from the a me; which returns shall be made the fifft day of every term o his Majesty's court of Khtfs Btncb at on the

>ath of the ptffop or perfqps making the same; such oath to be made before the said court, or any commissioner authorised to ake affidavits in the fyne.

IX. And ythtrau tone art fivtraiptr county and

ttygaoh in England and Wales, vvtfrr jjmttnrtt and -mad*

y a jujlut pr jufliati ifpaane at thar jqjions* ar cibrrwift> in a

ummry yoy% W*attardhz l#( $4 pvrjf of ify cmaun law;

be

4*0 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 12. [tyjj.

Justice of be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any ^rcoiove Justice uflizv or great section, or any two or more justices oif pr^vcricom-the peace, wTthiq whose jurisdkS|jbn the said gaol is firtxate, to mitred by juf- remove any tuoty person or persons to any house of correction toe* of puce, within the said jurisdiction, there to remain in execution of the fejd sentenoe or order.

X. And whereas the f required by in th

fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the

(intituled An act for the further preventing robbery, bursary, and other felonies, apd for the more gffeftual transportation oif felons, and unlawful exporters of wool \ and for declaring th? hw upon fame points relating to pirates), relates only to the portation of offenders to his Adajejlfs colonies and it

America: and whereas an pafid in the nineteenth yearef to

a nt Majesty* intituled An act to explain and amend thehws

:ing to the transportation, imprisonment, and other puoiflh ment, of certain offenders), hath not provided any fei&itj It takenmstead thereof \ be it enacted, That it shall and may be fevmgautho- )aWfu| fa* any cx>urt, having competent authority to orderlbc the tra^fpor- transportation of offenders, or any person or persons duly*-nrionofofc. thorised for that purpose, to require and take, from any person |e*<tar», may or persons who shall be willing to contrail or agree for the *Sree transportation of any offender or offenders, fuffioent security

and Skefecu- *c or the Y tfansport, or capfe to be transporteddfcc* my for their tu*Hy> such offender or offenders to the place to which he, (he, transporting or they, is, are, or shall be ordered to be transported; andtha the said offenders, or any of them, shall not be suffered to rt1 Yum from the said place to any part of Great, by the wilful default of such person or persons so corn raffing as afort* said, or his or their assigns; and infield of th* certificate re* quired by the said act of the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, to take security for the production of such other evidence of the actual transportation of such offender or offenders as shall appear necessary, and as the nature of the case may warrant.

XI. And whereas tht pr of the said act, paged in the

teenth year of the feign of his dfayefiy* An act to

explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, in-If offender* prisonment, and other punishment, of certain offenders), on

V*1"?* ®°n¥/* net Sufficient to obviate the difficulties which have arisen in corrjitt Imported m*9 execution sententes and orders for of film* od

torbeplaee others now under confinement: and, in order t$ foaButt

mentioned in the transportation of fitch f, > it is

their sentence, faritj should be given to transport them to any proper KmzTSench fas* although the said plate be not mentioned in the fintesut tt dec may order'orderfor their transportation :. be it enacted, That if any ofltoder tfoem to be hath already been ordered to be transported to any part beyood

transported the seas, or if 'hereafter any offender shall be under the like

Sace>3thcy order* and such order cannot be conveniently executed with jhati think respect to the place in such* order mentioned, it shall a ttxf proper. *bc lawful for thccGurt Qf'KirjgVdferftb* or for the court before

which

vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i a.

which any such person hath been or shall be convicted* or any court holden for the same county, city, riding, liberty, division, or place, having like authority; or whilst the court of Kingi Bench is not fitting, for any two justices of the court

Bench, Common Pleas, or barons of the E, of the degree r

of the coif, if such court, or such two justices or barons, mall '

think fir, to order that such offender shall be transported to any other part beyond the seas, which shall appear to fitch court

proper for that purpose, in such and the like manner^ and for,

the fame term of years, as such offender is or shall be liable to

be transported to the place mentioned in the original ferttehce

or order for his or her transportation-; and such order shill be'

considered as made at the feme time, sand shall be as effectual to every intent and purpose, and shall have all the fame confe~

quences in every respectr as the original order for the'titlnfpor-

tadon of such offender; and such offender shall be transferred*

conveyed, and made over to any person who will contract for the performance of such transportation, and to his or their

affigrrv in like manner as if such offender had been transported

to the place mentioned in the original order of transportation;

and such person of person* so contracting as aforesaid. his or their.assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid,

shall have a property and interest in the service of the said offender for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be transported; and in case such offender Offenders re. so ordered for transportation shall be afterwards at large Within turning before, any part of this kingdom of Great Britain, without some lawful tfC5*-pirali°l* cause, before the expiration of the term for which such offender suffer*"0*

shall have been ordered to be transported, every such offender, death, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and shall be tried before such judges, and in such manner, and the fame evidence made life of for his or her conviction, as are directed by the laws now in being for the trial of other felons found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were? ordered to be transported; and whoever shall discover, appre- *ol. reward bend, and prosecute to conviction of felony without benefit of for prosecut* clergy, any such offender so found at large within this king- of*

dom, shall be intitled to the like reward of twenty pounds and certificate, and in the feme manner as any person may be in* titled, to for discovering, apprehending, and prosecuting to conviction, any offender ordered to be transported, and fqund; at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term, for which such offender was ordered to be transported: provided always, That it shall not be lawful to order any offender*to be transported to the coast -of Africa, who shall be under fenfence or order of transportation to any other place. Expences of

XII. And be it further enacted, That the expences of carry^ executing this ing this act into execution, not otherwise provided for, shall be a^.to bc annually laid before both houses of parliament; and after de-duCling the reout the profits, if any, arising from the earnings houses of par-v Vox. XXXIV. Gg of liament.

4*

Aabo victGmo quarto GsoRau III, c. i j; [lyljl o fthe offenders who shall labour in an/ of the places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall be provided for in the next supplies to be granted to his Majesty by parliament.

fcrfons prose-

XIII. And be it further enacted, Thai if any suit or atom cuted forexe- shall be prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing aft ma* ol-ad done in Pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general the general issue, and give this act, ortbofpeciil matter, in iflitei evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fiat

was done by the authority of this act: and if a verdict shall pah for the defondant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non suit, or discontinue his, her, or their a&oa or actions after issue joined; or if on demurrer, or otherwise, judgment shall be given agataft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the and, on ob- defendat&or defendants shall recover treble costa, and have the *vcr" like remedy for the fame, as any defendants have by law in cover treble" ot^cr c^$ 1 and though a verdict shall be given to any plaintiff colts* in such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not hare

cods against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdict. Limitation of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all actions, baits, ini actions. prosecutions, to be commenced again (I any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county and place where the fast was committed, and shall be commenced within (ix calendar months after the fast committed, and not otherwise.

Continuance

XV. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of this of this act* f0 far as the fame extend to authorize the removal of of-

fenders to temporary places of confinement, shall oontimie to ,be in force for one year, to be computed from the twenty-fifth day of Martha one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four* and also to the end of the then session of parliament; or if tte laid term of one year shall not determine during any fdfioo, then till the end of the then next ensuing session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An all far defraying the charge the militia in that part ef Great Britain 'calledEngland for one, beginning the

day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighiyfout\ mi far lessening the number deputy lieutenants > and just ires

peace9 to act in the execution of the laws relating to the mititie.

KV. AND whereas by the laws now in being relative to JLm. raising and training of the militia certain odt

are required to be done by three deputy, or by two

lieutenants and one justice of the or by one and two justices of the peace: whereas it frequently happens.lint three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants and one if

the peatt) or one deputy lieutenant and two jttftues of the car

oof be assembUd for fuchpurposes% whereby many inconveniences ben

anf<*i

ijrSj.] Aririo vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C. 14 - 4*t

ariftn; be it therefore enacted, That irx all cases where any act AjJ acts here-is required by the laws now in force to be done by three deputy qui%j to be lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justice of the done by three peace, or by one deputy lieutenant and two justices of the dep. Beats, peace, such acts may be done by two deputy lieutenants, or by and one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the peace; and such ya^w0<w® acts so done shall be as valid and effectu.iT as if the fame were licuts. &c, done by three deputy lieutenants, or by two deputy lieutenants and one justice of the peale, or by one deputy lieutenant and ' two justices of the peace; any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

Act ad* to continue the provision* of an act of the twenty-third of hi# present Majesty, for granting a bounty upon the exportation of Brititti and Jrith buckrams and tillettings, British and frith linens, British cal. licoes and cottons, or cotton mixed with linen, printed, painted, ft aided, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited time.

») Geo. ]. c. ar. recited: and continued whilst a bounty upon exportation of buckrams and tillettings, linens, Callicoes, and cottons, mixed with linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, shall continue to be given by any act of parliament in Ireland.

CAP. XV.

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the laR session of parliament, intituled An act for preventing certain instru-meats from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the lubflefts of his Majesty* dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States.

S3 Geo. 3. c. |9« recited; and further continued until June to, 17(4.

CAP. XVI.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

Act Geo. u continued to Sept, r, 1784.

CAP. xvii.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore. ——Same as left year*

CAP. XVIII.

An act for regulating, and rendering more effecttiat, the exaction of the statute-work within the fitire of Edinburgh; and for authoring the trustfeet for putting in execution several acts for repairing the nigh roods in the county of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the credit of the tolls arising within the district of Lafwade, a further sum of money, to be applied for payment 6f certain sums borrowed on the personal^ fccu-rfty or the said trusteee; and for farther repairing the roads within the said district.

6g8

I

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 19 - 44. [1783.

CAP. XIX.

An act for settling the rates for the carriage of passengers and goods far hire to and frorh the iue of Wight.

t

[Publick act.]

Prices of carriage to be aftcfied by the quarter sessions. Penalty on taking higher rates 51, to be levied by distress and fate of goods, and in default one month’s imprisonment.^ Matters names. to be putopreP fels; and a table of rates affixed in the cabin, See. and also a descriptioa of houses, registered for receiving goods; upon pain of forfeiting;!. Exception as to vessels carrying the mail, &c. unless engaged to cany passengers, See.at an earlier hour. Persons aggrieved may appeal to tfe quarter sessions. Matters of vessels to appoint and engage houses for lodging goods. Sec. To be registered by the clerk of the peace. Books to be kept at such houses, to enter goods delivered therein. Fees for entering goods in such books to, Be appertained by quarter sessions. Carriers to deliver goods without delay at registered houses. Inhabitants of the Isle of Wight competent witnesses. ' Convictions not to be quashed for Want of form. Form of conviction. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XX.

An act for the appointment of an additional, for the better

government of the poor of the parish of Bradford, in the count] ofw»its.

CAP. XXI.

An act for building a bridge over the river Ouse, at Newhaven,

- in the county of Sussex.

CAP. XXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an, pajfei in tit fourth year of the reign of his Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Skillingford, in the county of Oxford through IVallingford and Pangbortiey to Reading in the county of Berks; and for building a bridge over the river Tbmt) at or near Shillingford Ferry.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of aft mode in the third year of the reign of his present, An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repahr, the road from Kirk by Kendall, in the county of, to Ksrfy

Jreleth, in the county of Lancaj.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made tk fourth year of the reign of his present, for repairing and

, widening the road from Bramcotc Odd Housey in the county of Nottingham, to The Cross Pofi upon Smalley, in tht

county of Derby j and from to the towns of Hams

and Shipley, in the said county of Derby; end from > in

the county of Nottingham, to the town of Nottingham;

: so far as relates to the road leading from Ilkefton to the town i Shipley.

17®3il Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25 - 29

CAP. XXV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act of the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads frpni

JLemsford Mill, through Welwyn and and by Cory's

Mill,to Hitchen, and from through Qodicot, j to

Mitchen, in the county of Hertfo.

CAP. XXVI.

An off for enlarging the term and powers of an passed in the fifth year of the reign of his pre for repairing and widening the roads from the south end of Newton Abbott to the passage way in Kingswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Harmefs; and from the end of a lane leading out of the turnpike road between Newton Abbott and, towards Abbott's Kerfwell,to. Five Danes \ and from Barn

to the said turnpike road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Monk's Bridge and Brixham S^uay; and from Langver's Barn to the north end of Yown, all in the county of Dev.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the feconi year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Lostwithiel turnpike road, in the parish of Creed, in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Rudn Lanebome; and from Dennis JVqter to three hundred

yards on the south fide of Tretbi Mill in the parish of Saint just, in the said county.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed In the Jecona year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Caftte at the end of the town of Hinckley, to Town's

find; and from or pear the guide pod at Town's End, in the county of Leicester, to the eighty mile done in Welfori field, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for continuing the term and powers of two acts, made in the sixteenth and twenty-second years of the reign of his late majesty

King George the Second, for repairing the high road from JdoToughbridge, in the county of fork, to Catherick, in the same county$ and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the river

r<«.

A*$

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 30^34* [1783# CAP. XXX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of on passed in the

second year of his present Majesty' reign, ?An act for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of $ window to the north end or fide of the town of Marlborough5 and from the fiud town of M^rlhoy^k

jtp the yillage of Zvtrley, in the county of ffilts,

i.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for continuing the termand altering and enlarging tU powers, of an act of the third year of the reign of his Majestyyfor repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of in the county of Devon. -

CAP. XXXII.

An act to continue and enlarge the term and, peppers (f an off, quade in the fecund year of the reign of his present Majesty% intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from CoJham% in the county of Soto the city of £ty»

dhejltr ' " -

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for continuing the term and powers of an made in tU third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the fourteen mile fione, in the parish of AUthpej% to Tapem Spite, in the county of Carmarthen; and for repairing, amending, and beeping in fevered other roads

within the said county.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for continuing and amending an act of the fourth year his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads front Spalding High Bridge, to the market place in Doningtou; ind from the tenth mile fione in the parish of Gojbertawn, to the eighth ipile fione in the parUh of Wigtoft, in the county of Lincoln,

the

THE

Statute# at large,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FIRST Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britaiit

Cg*'

A"

v W > v /

1 w

y T T

J )

TATUTESat Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Britannia, Francia, & Hibernia, vicesimo quarto.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Westminster, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, (Sc. Being the first session of the sixteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for farther continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing certain iiutruments from being required from drips belonging to the United States of America| and to-give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain power* for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the fubie&t of his Majesty's dominions, and the in* habitants of the said United States,

Act as Geo. 3. c. 39. continued till Aug, i, 1784., and farther continued antii >t '

CAP. II.

An act to impower the East India company to make a dividend to the proprietors of East India dock, at Midfammer, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

Bast India company impowered to make a dividend for the half yeay ending July 5, 1784, not exceeding per cent 3 on capital of 3,100,090J,

4 3°

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. [i^5j

[Preamble.]

Recital of asti at Geo. * c.»7J

94 Geo. 3.

and 15 Geo. 3. c. 14.

CAP. III.

An act for more effectually preventing frauds and a

by persons employed in the manufac of combing, twrjl

<?«</ goods made from worj in the county of Suffolk.

WHEREAS by an afi, made in the twenty-feeond per the reign of his late majesty King George the seeing a tuled, An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds a abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture Hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, la' fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and (ilk manufactures 3 and for venting unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers, journeymen hot-pressers, and of all persons employed in fald several manufactures j and for the better payment of 1 wages: and by another afi, made in the fourteenth year of reign of his present majesty King George the third, intituled, adjt to amend an act, made in the twenty-second year of reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled, afi for the more effectual preventing frauds and abuses tommy

h persons employed in the manufacture of and in the upd

linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur,

fili manttfafiures; and for preventing unlawful journeymen dyers, and journeymen bet-proffers, and ef all ployed in fix fetid several manufactures, fir the

ef their wages: and by another afi, made in the fifteenth pa the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled An act to expi and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of hi| prd Majesty, intituled An act to amend an afi, made in the feeond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the fa intituled, c< An act for the more effectual preventing of from u abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture 1 " and in the woollen, linen, fuftiancotton, iron,

flax,mohair, and ftlk manufactures 3 for preventing ndn

combinations of journeymen dyers, andjourneymen

of all persons employed in the said several manufactures \ end, the better payment of their wages9,* certain penalties and pen ments in (be said afis respectively mentioned are inflicted persons who shall reel false or Short yarn, and on persons embtz

the materials used in the said manufactures: and whereas the purposes of the said laws have been greatly frujlrattd from manufacturers of combing wool, worfied yarn, and goods made ft* worjltd,being unwilling to txpose ihemfelvts fingfy to the ing the resentment of the spinners and work people by for offences against the said afis: and whereas this important fa® of the woollen manufacture will be greatly prejudiced thereby, the manufacturers are enabled jointly to carry these laws into efft&n execution, which cannot be done without the aid of parliament: it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and b jt enabled by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and

I4] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. 431

advice and consent of the lord* spiritual and temporal, and nrnons* in this present parliament assembled, and by the au~

rity of the fame, That a general meeting of the manu- General turers of combing wool, worsted vain, and goods made meeting of m worded, in the county of Suffolk shall be held at %rkttin the said county, on the second Tutjdain the month *d. Atgv/l next ensuing after the passing of this act, at the hour eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the fame day, notice which shall be given in the Jpfwtib and newspapers at

ft twenty-one days before the said meeting, by the clerk of peape of the county of Stffolk\ at which laid general meet*

; the said manufacturers present by themselves, or proxies aimed by writing under the hand of any of such manu* turns, shall have votes; and having first chosen a chairman, said manufacturers shall elect, nominate, and appoint fifteen fens from amongst themselves, which said fifteen persons so be dle&ed, shall be a committee of the said manufacturers the time being, and until another committee shall be cho* ' and appointed in the manner herein after provided, and so rften as there shall be occasion $ which committee are hereby hoiifed and impowered to nominate and recommend two or ire proper persons to be kicensed by the justices of the peace the county of Suffolk at any of their quarter sessions for the county, or any adjournment thereof, to be inspectors for: purposes herein after mentioned j and also to have the di* N fion of all prosecutions of offenders against this and the said ore mentioned acts, and the management of the fund herein*

K to be created, and to do all other matters and things which iy be deemed necessary and proper for the carrying this a o execution, in such manner as the said committee of the ioufacturers for the time being, or any five or more of them, a publick meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think best the interest and advantage of all the said manufacturers.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- cammlmc u to and for the said committee, or the greater part of them, appoint a any general meeting assembled (and they are hereby autho- clerk, d and required) from time to time to nominate and appoint, writing under their hands, a proper person to be their clerk; His duty, ich laid clerk shall attend the meetings of the said commit-, and shall in proper books, to be provided for that purpose, ter and keep true and perfect accounts of all the adU, pro* dings, and transadfions of the said committee and that h and every of the said manufacturers shall and may all ivenient denes have recourse to and perufc and inspect all h books gratis, and may demand and have copies thereof, of any part thereof, paying two-pence for every One hun-:d words (b to be copied; and if the clerk shall refuse to per* c any such roanufacturer to inspect such books, or refuse tq ke copies or extracts thereof at the rate or times aforesaid,

shall for every such offence, forfeit die sum of five pounds.

43* '

Quarterly meetings appointed.

Chairman to be chosen.

Qpeftions to be determined by a major* rity.

Nobufiness to be done at quarterly meetings unless five members present.

Three committee men may call a special meeting.

New committee men to be

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. [1784.

to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty inflicted by thte act is directed to be recovered. '

III. And be it further enacted, That for the.purposes aforesaid a meeting of the said committee for the time being shall be held four times in every-year; (that is to say) on the Thurs* day before Midsummer-day, on the Thursday before Mtcbaelmi-' day, on the Thursdiy before the Epiphany, and on the Thurslaj before Easter-day, at eleven of the clock in the forenoon of each and every of the said days, who shall have power to adjourn themselves from time to time as occasion may require; all which said quarterly meetings of such Committee shall be held at Bury Saint Edmunds, the first: of which said quarterly meetings shall be held on the first of the said days on which the said quarterly meetings are herein before appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the election of such committee as aforesaid; and at such first quarterly meeting, and every subsequent quarterly meeting of such cb/nmittee for the time being, a chairman'for each of such said quarterly meetings shall be chosen, and all matters or things which shall come before such committee for their determination, shall be determined by a majority of votes of the members of such committee then present, and if there shall be an equality of votes upon any question which shall come before the said committee, then the chairman shall have a carting vote, by which vote such question in dispute shall be determined.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not al any of such quarterly meetings be there present and assembled five of the persons constituting such committee, then, and in such case, it is hereby declared, that no business whatsoever shall be done at such meeting, and the majority of the persons then present shall cause fourteen days notice to be given in the Ipswich and Bury weekly newspapers of such next quarterly meeting.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall appear to any three or more of such committee for the time being, that for the more effectual putting any of the powers granted by this act into execution, or for settling or difeuffing any matters or things whatsoever relative'to the fame, a special meeting of such committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall and may be lawful for the said three or more of the said committee for the time being, to direct the clerk to give notice of such special meeting of the committee to every methber thereof, setting forth the place where and the time when'such special meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then present at such special meeting five of the said committee, it shall and may be lawful to and for the; said committee so present to proceed in the execution of the powers given by this aert to such committee.

VI. And it be further enacted, That in case any one or more of the said committee for the tipne being shall die, or shall de-

din;

1784.] Anno wccGmo quarto Georgii III. c. 3;

dine business as a manufacturer, or shall go to reside in any chosen in calk distant part of the kingdom, or shall wilfully absent himself or °* <*cath» themselves from, the said quarterly meetings for the space of one year, or refuse to ad, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee for the time being,

; at any of their said quarterly meetings, there being five of such committee then present, to chuse another or other pro-' per person or persons, being manufacturers of combing wool, r worded yarn, or goods made from worded, in his or their I place or places* who shall have the fame power and authority 1 as if appointed at a general meeting.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if I^c?lSllJ^ee I at any time hereafter it shall appear, to any fifteen or more of the said manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or jjoodfc made from worded, within the said county of, that the find' committee for the time being neglect to discharge their duty to tlje ends, intents, and purposes for which such committee was appointed; and., in case such fifteen or more of indices may, such manufacturers so dissatisfied shall in writing under their thereof^caU* hands make complaint thereof to the justices of the peace for ageneral* the said county of Suffolk, in any of the general or quarter meeting, fice. sessions of the peace, or in any adjournment thereof, for the said county o V Suffolk to be held and assembled, then, and in

such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such judices in such felBons assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper after hearing the nature of such complaint;

\o call and appoint a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, and goods made from worded, within the said county of Suffolk^at such time and place as such judices shall think proper, and shall also cause notice to be given of such general meeting of such manufacturers as aforesaid in ihe Tpjwichand Bury weekly newspapers, setting forth 0 'the place Where and the time when such general meeting shall be held, the fame,not being less than twenty one days after ;such notice given in the said papers, and which notice shall be continued in the said papers until such meeting shall be held;

'and it shall and may be lawful to and for such manufacturers 'then present at such general meeting called and held ia man* ner as aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint a committee confiding of the fame number of persons, and in the like man*

'tier, and under |nd subject to the like orders, regulations, and directions, IfferCiri*before laid down and ordered for theele&ion of the fird comtriittee; and the persons so elected, nomirtated, and appointed to be a new committee in manner aforesaid, fh?H thereupon be inveded with the fame powers and authorities as the former committee were inveded with.

VIII. Andy for preventing frauds and abuses for the future by persons employed in the said manufactures of combing woof, worsted

yarn, and goods made from w or [ltd, and for the more effectual - tuft;cel to ap. tying this act into execution, be it further enacted, That the ju- point inspee-ftices of the feace for the said county o at their next tors of yarn,

434 Anno vicesimo quarto Geottoil ti6, 3. [tjtf+J

quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the said county, of any adjournment thereof, after Michaelmas next after the pairing of this act, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to license and appoint such persons of good chi-rafter and repute within the said county of as shall b6

recommended to the said justices by the said committee of manufacturers, or any five of such committee, in writing undef their hands, to be inspectors of worsted yarn within the said k County of Suffolk.

Committee to

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said committee or station in!pec- manufacturers for the time being, or any five of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to station such inspectors for such districts in the said county of Suffolk as the said committee, or any five of them, shall think proper, and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said inspectors so appointed such yearly fahries as the said committee, or any five of them, shall think proper, to be paid out of the furid herein after mentioned ro be raised for that and the other purposes of this act; and also shall and may remove, dismiss, and displace any of such inspectors, who by sickness or any other accident shall be rendered incapable of serving the said office, or shall misbehave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the satis* faction of such committee.

Inspectors to X. And be it further enacted, That the said inspectors' fof use diligence the time being so appointed shall severally and respectively, in ancTbringing ^evera^ districts allotted to them by the said committee, use offenders to* all due diligence and industry for the convicting and bringing justice s to justice all offenders against this and the said former acts, and also shall and do from time to time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the said committee, inspect the several reels of all and every the spinners of worsted yarn in their several and respective districts within the said county of, and alfe the hanks of worsted yarn, in order to fee that the directiom herein after laid down for reeling such yarn be complied with, and also shall and do from time to time, when and as they or any of them shall detest any person or persons offending against this or the said former acts, lodge informations against such offender or offenders before the proper justice or justices of the peace, and prosecute such offender or offenders to conviction .* their powers* and for the easier detection of all offenders against this and the said former acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for evert such inspector or inspectors from time to time, as occasionMJ require to demand entrance at all seasonable hours into the dwelling-house or dwelling-houses, (hop or (hops, outhouse# outhouses of any agents or persons hired or employed to pj out wool to be spun within the said county of, to infeefi the yarn in the custody of any such agent or person hired or ' employed as aforesaid within the said county, where he hasafljj information of or suspects any fa I fe or short*reeled yarn; and in case of refusal, by any such agent or person hired or employ cd to put but wool to be spun into worsted yarn, to permit and

17S4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. j* 435

faffer such idfpe&ion, he, she, or they so refuting shall forfeit and pay such sura of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor less thamfive pounds, as such justice or justices, before whom be, (he, or they shall be convicted shall think proper, to be re- ' covered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every person or per- Directions fona employed or undertaking to spin or reel worded yarn for how hire in the said county of Suffolk^ shall reel, or cause or procure. JJSJd. 1 the same to be reeled, either upon a yard reel of thirty-six’ inches, or a (even quarter reel of sixty-three inches, or a two1 yard fid of seventy-two inches round; and when such worded yarn shall be so reeled, that each and every several hank or (kain of such worded yarn, which shall be reeled on a yard reel, shall ednfift of or contain seven raps or leas; that each and every such rap or lea (had confid of or contain eighty threads of such worded yardand that each and every several hank off (kaut of finch worded yarn as shall be reeled on a seven quarter or a two yard feel, shall confid of or contain fix raps or leas; and that each and every such rap or lea (had confid of or contain eighty threads of such worded yarn.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons hired or employed in the comb- Penalties on ibg of wool, or inothe spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving rc*u?S of Worded yam, or in the preparing or working up any of the yarn^&c.' materials used in tiib said manufactures in the said county of

Suffolk^shall reel, ot cause to be reeled, any worded yarn contrary to the directions herein-before spec i tied and laid down for the reeling such yarn, or shall conceal, keep back, embewtlc,

(ell, or otherwise difjpose of any wool or other materials entruded with him, her; or them to spin, or other purposes, and shall of all or any of such several offences be lawfully convicted before any one or more judice or jutiices of the peace of the said county, upon the oath (or, if the owner thereof be of the people called SfuakekS) solemn affirmation) of the owner of such yarn Or wool, or upon the oath or affirmation of the inspector or inspectors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible Ivitness or witnesses (which oath or affirmation such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to admini-

(ter), or by the coofeflion of the person or persons charged with all or any of such offences, -such person or persons mall, for each and every such offence, be subject and liable to the same penalties and punishments as are severally indicted by the said former acts, so for as the said former acts, or any of them, are onrepealed; all which penalties shall be recovered and punish-ment, inflicted in the manner directed by the said acts, or any of them 5 and which said penalties shall be publickly distributed liy the condable of such township, parish, or place where such offence or offences shall be committed, in the presence and under the direction of the said inspector or inspectors, amongst the poor of such township, parish, or place lad above mentioned* -

436 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3I [1784.

Prosecutors -

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained not liable to f^a]] extend, or be construed to extend, to the subjecting any conveying of- Pr°fecutor or prosecutors of any offender or offenders against

fenders to prison.

[Proviso.]

Penalty on agents refuting to discover persons guilty of false seeling yarn.

Goods of husbands whole wives offend, liable to distress and fate.

Upon the death, &c. of inspectort, others to be appointed.

this and thek said former acts, to any charges or expences of conveying such offender or offenders to prison; but such charges and expences shall be paid and borne by the constable or other officer conveying such offender or offenders to prison; and such constable or other officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such charges and expences, in like manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other charges or expences of his said office.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That no part or share of such penalties or forfeitures be given to such offender or offenders, his, her, or their family or families.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any agents, or persons hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worsted yarn, shall have in his, her, or Jjieir custody or possession any worsted yarn, not reeled according to the directions herein-before specified and laid down for tjic reeling thereof, and shall refuse, or not set forth and give in evidence, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Suffolk, being thereto required, what person or persons was or were the reeler or reelers of such. false or ffiort reeled yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the fame, so that the person or persons who reeled or caused to be reeled such false or short yarn, may be lawfully convicted thereof in manner aforesaid $ he, she, or they so refusing, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath (or, if of the people called <%uaiers, solemn affirmation} of any person or per-

rons, before such justice or justices of the peace, as are herein-before mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five shilling* for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, (o false or short reeled, which shall be found in his, her, or their custody; all which penalties inflicted by this act shall be recovered in the same manner as the penalties inflicted by the said former act* are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paid, and applied by such person or persons, and in such manner and.form, to the poor of the township, as the penalties herein-before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied.

XVI. And forasmuch as doubts have whether the

and chattels of a husband, whose wife shall offend the Jed

former aftr, are liable to distress for

thereby createdj be it therefore further enacted, That from *nd after the passing of this act, all such penalties as shall be incurred by any married woman or married women, (halt and may be recovered, levied, and raised by distress and sale of the good* and chattels of the husband or hufoands of such married woman or married women so offending against this act, in the manner directed by the said former acts, or any of them.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be so appointed an inspector of worded yarn, shall happen to die, or shall be removed or difpiaced from

his

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. 437

his said office, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace of the said county of Suffolk, in quarter sessions assembled, or in any adjournment thereof, to license some other pro* per person or persons to be an inspector or inspectors of worded yarn within the said county of Suffolkupon the like recommendation and in such manner as is herein-before mentioned; which said person or persons shall be invested with all the plow-era, and subject to the like remoral, and liable to the like penalties for any breach or neglect of duty, as the inspector or in-spe&ors in whose place or places he or they shall be appointed to succeed, was invested with, or subject or liable to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any inspector Punishment or inspectors so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any time or inspectori times hereafter take or receive, from any person or persons of- fe^e,nfr^[ fending against this or the said former acts, any sum or sums of justice, money, or any other thing whatfhever, to screen from judice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent such person or persons so offending as aforesaid from being convicted for such offence or offences, and being thereof convicted upon the oath (or, if of the

people called Quakers, solemn affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before any one or more judice or justices of the peace of the said county of Suffolk, (which oath or affirmation such judice or iudices is and are hereby impowered to administer), then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such judice or justices of the peace to commit such inspector or inspectors so offending to the house of correction, or other publick prison in the said county, for the space of one month.

XIX. And whereas by several acts of parliament made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and several

quest offs, the collectors of the duties upon by the said

granted, art directed to pay out of the monies in their, by way

of drawback, unto any person or persons who should employ any tity offope in the making of any manufacture, whereof the great eft part of the value of the materials should be wool, or in preparing the wool for the Jame,' the duties upon the fope so spent as

aforesaid \ and to the end that a sufficient fund may be raised for defraying the expenses in and about the obtaining this and for pay-

ing the salaries of the inspectors and clerk to be appointed under and by virtue and for the pwrfofts of this act, and au other necessary exfences attending the carrying this act into execution under the direction of the said committee, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Fund to be the collector or collectors, fupcrvisor or supervisors, or other established for person or persons employed in the collection of the duties on defraying the fope within the said county of Suffolk, and who by the said acts theexccotioe are thereby directed to pay such drawback of the duties on fope of this act. to such manufacturers as aforesaid, and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, are hereby required from time to time, to deduct and retain the sum of four^pence out of tvery shilling to which any ptrfan,

Vo l. XXXIV, Hh being

431 Anno Vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c.[1784.

being a matter manufacturer of combing wool, worsted jam, or goods made from wortted, residing within the county of Suf-/ folk, shall from time to time hereafter be entitled, and of which he, she, or they, shall demand payment under or by virtue of the said acts, or any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever, a? and for the duties of and for all fope spent, employed, and consumed in the combing of wool, making of wortted yim, or any kind*of goods made from worsted, or preparing the wool for the fame, in the said county o and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, and each and every of them, shall severally and respectively pay or cause to be paid unto< the treasurer of the division z of Bury Saint Edmunds, for the time being, (demand being made thereof), all and every the sum or sums of money by him or any of them so deducted, retained, had, or received* under and by virtue and for the purposes of this act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said treasurer for the time being shall, out of the money hereafter to be-received mis an wul *>y in manner aforesaid, pay the charges and expences of of1 the money obtaining and patting this act, and the expences relative thete-to be received to, together with interest for all or any part of fads expences,

Treasurer to pay the charges of this at out

by him.

The rate t>f 4d. in the Ihitling may be increased or reduced, fcc.

the salaries of the inspectors and clerk herein-before direted to be appointed, the expences of all prosecutions in* ftipport of this and the said former a<51$, and such other charges and expences as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the top* port and encouragement of the said manufactory, as the said committee, or any three of them in committee attempted, shall by writing under their hands direct or appoint; and the said treasurer is also hereby required not to pay any sum or Aims of money so to he hereafter received by him for the purposes of this act in manner aforesaid, to any person or persons whomso* ever, or for any purposes whatsoever, without such order, direction, or appointment in writing under the hands of such committee for the time being, or any three of them in committee assembled; and such treasurer shall, and he is hereby required yearly and every year, at the quarterly meeting of the said committee herein-before appointed to be held on the Thursday before Michaelmas-day in every year, for the future to >eturn and transmit to such committee at such quarterly meeting., a true and perfect account of all and every the sum or sums of money which shall have come to his hands, or been paid by him, (ince the then last. yearly account; which said account shall be laid before the justices of the peace For the said county :of Suffolk at their general quarter sessions of the peace yearly to be held next after Michaelmas, by adjournment at Bury Saitl Edmundsy in the said county of Suffolk, for their ihfpecftioa and allowance.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case at any time hereafter the monies herein-before directed and ordered to che paid into the hands of the treasurer for the purposes afore*, iaid, shall, after payment of all and every the charges and cx-

pencet

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3, 439

pences herein-before' ordered and drre&ed to be paid thereout, amount to the sum Of fifty pounds Only, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justices of the pe4te. for the said county of Suffolk ar their quarter sessions of the pCaCe to be holden by adjournment at Stilni Edmunds as aforesaidi upon sfpblication made to' them by the said committee, or any five'or them, by writing under their hands, or upon application made to them the said justices by fifteen or more master manufacturers Of tombing wool, worsted yarn, or goods made from worsted within the said county of, by writing under their hands, to make orders for increasing the aforesaid four-pence per shilling, which the collectors and fu-pervifors of excise are herein-before directed to retain in their hands, to eight-pence or eleven-pence^-shilling as they may think. necessary, until such fund shall amount to four hundred pounds, and frortri time to time Upon like applications to reduce the same to three-pence or two- pence per shilling, so a£ the funds in the treasurers hands (h4!f not exceed four hundred pounds, nor be reduced* to less than fifty pounds, and so as the same shall never exceed the rate, proportion, or sum of - eleven-pence per shilling hefeit)-before directed to be deducted and retained as aforesaid;.

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That the justice or justices Howjufllcf* before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said cphviction to be made out in manner and form 01

following that is to say,

E it remembered, That drt the day of

XJin the yeai*of our Lord A. $. is Form of

before me, (or us) of his Majestys the peace conYl&lW*

for [Specifying the offence, and the place

where the fame was committed, and so specifying that it was the frjly ficond, or third offence against this act, as the case shall be.J

Given under my hand and fiat, [or our and the

day and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the said justice or justices shall cause to be fairly wrote on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the said county of, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among the records of such county,

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall find him, her, or Ferfoo* ag«. themselves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any Sricvcd m*Y justice or justices, or upon any conviction before him or them qSuterTcr-jn pursuance of this act, such person or persons may appeal to j}onj.

the next general quarter sessions to be held for the division of the said county where the offence shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen days next after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice of such appeal, to the

H h 2perfoq,

440

Per Con* appealing to give security to prosecute, &c.

Orders to be final.

[Proviso.]

Limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

[Publick act.]

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. [1784.

per Ton or persons di(covering the offence on which the conviction was made5 and if the justices at the said quarter sessions either confirm or disannul the orders or proceedings of the said justice or justices, they shall allow such costs and charges to the par ty aggrieved thereoy as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in cases of appeal from any order of the justices of the peace to the sessions, whose order therein shall be final.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, That the person or persons appealing to such quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, shall give security to the satisfaction of the said justice or justices to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to pay the coffs which shall be ascertained by the said quarter sessions, in case such order or judgement be affirmed; and the justices in the said quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award such coffs, as to them shall appear just; which order shall be final and conclusive to all parties, and shall not be removed or removeable, by any writ of Ctrtiorari or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no order or other proceedings (o made or had by or before any justice of the peace in relation to the premises shall be quaftied or vacated for want of form only.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit or action shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be severally laid, brought, and tried in the said county of Su, as the case shall happen, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such

actions or suits shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury shall ftnd for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the Dune as any defendant or defendants hath or have for coffs in other cases

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be apublfck.aft; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same, c CAP.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4 - 6.

44*

CAP. IV.

An act for incorporating the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorized by an act» paired in the eighth year of the reign of nit present majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilstone end Autberley, with the company of proprietors of a canal navigation authorized by an act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley j and for consolidating their Ihares) and amending the said lait-racn-' tioned act.

CAP. V.

An act for enlarging the market-place, and regulating the markets within the town of Sheffield in the west riding of the county of York i and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several streets adjoining or leading into the said market-place) and for taking down the present daughter noufes within the said town, and creating others in a snore proper situation,

Cap. vi.

In a? to enable such officer s, marinfoldiers, as have been

in the land or Jta service, or in the or in the, or any corps of fencible men, fence the second year of his present Majesty's reign, to exercise trades.

WHEREAS there have been and are divers officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, who have served his present Majesty in the late wars by sea and land, some of which are men ehat used trades, others that were apprentices to trades, who had not served out their times, and others who by their own industry have made themselves apt and fit for trades; many of which, the wars being now ended, would willingly employ in those trades

which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they art apt or able to follow and mate uft of, for the getting their living by their own knur, but are or may be hindered from exercising those trades in certain cities and eerporations, and other places within this

because of certain bye-laws and customsof those places, and of the Jla-tute made in the fifth year of £)ueen Elizabeth, prohibiting the use of certain trades by any per fin who bath not served as an apprenttce to such trade for the JPace ofsevenyears: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, who have been at any time employed in the fer-vice of his present Majesty^ Iince the first day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and have not iince deserted the said service; and also the wives and children of such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, may let up and exercise such trades as they are apt and able for, in any town or place within this kingdom, without any let, suit, or molestation of any person or persons whatsoever, fok* or

ft h 3 by

[Preamble.]

5 Eliz. c. 4»

Officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines, who have been employed in the King's service tince April 1, 1763. and have not iince deserted, and also the

issue, they shall be acquitted.

4,4 a Anj^o vkcflmo tjuafto GtoftoH Hj. c. 6. *tl7®4*

wives and by reason of the using of such trade; nor shall such officers, Children of mariners, soldiers, or marines, or their wives or children* dur-thorifecPto^et t,me fh^I exercise such trades, be removeable from

up and exer- fu«h respe£Hvfc place or places* to his* her,' or their last legal rife trades in place of settlement, by virtue of any law now in being, relative any part of to the settlement of the poor, until such person or persons shall Sd^al^not5 become actually chargeable to such parish or place; and if any be liable to be such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, removed from marine or marines, or the wife or child of any such officer, thence to their mariner, soldier, or marine, shall be sued, impleaded, or m-tolace of set- Sidled, in any court whatsoever within this kingdom, for using tlement, until or exercising any such trades as aforesaid, then the said officer they become or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or aitually marines, or any wife or child of any fpch officer, mariner, fol-the ariflr* ^'cr’ or marine> making it appear to the same court, where and if sued, they are f° sued, impleaded, or indicted, that they have served upon pleading his present Majesty as aforesaid, or that he, she, or they, is or the general are the wife or wives, child or children, of such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or marines, who shall, have so served his present Majesty, shall, upon the general i(sue pleaded, be found not guilty, in any plaint, bill, information, or indictment, exhibited against them; and such persons who, notwithstanding this act, shall prosecute the said suit, by bill, plaint, Information, or indictment, find (hah have a verdict pass against him, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said suit, such person or persons shall pay unto such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or marines, or the wife or child of such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine respectively, double costs of suit, to be rccor vered 9s any other coils at common law may be recovered; and all judges and jurors, before whom any such suit, information, or indictment shall be brought, and all other persons whatsoever, are to take notice of this present act, and shall conform them* selves thereto; any statute, law, ordinance, ouftom, or provision, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace, for the county, town, or place, where any such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, shall set up and exercise any trade as aforesaid, to cause such officer, mariner, soldier, shall fofet'up* or marine, to be fulmnoned before them in the town or place shall summon where such officer, mariner, foldjgr or marine, shall set up and exercise such trade as a fore (aid', in order to make oath of the place of his last legal settlement, (which oath the said justices are hereby impowered to administer) and such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, are hereby directed to obey such. summons, and to make oath accordingly; and fudv justices are hereby required to give an attest^d copy of such affidavit so made before them, to the person leaking the fame, in order that he may produce it when required; which attested copy .{frail at any time

be

ihd be paid double costs tot iuit.

ahy

two justices for the county or place Where they

them to give evidence as to the place of tfieir last legal lettle-r.ient, they Khali make oath accordingly j an at* teited copy whereof Khali

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGII III. c. 7.

be admitted as evidence as to such last legal settlement, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, at any general or quarter sessions of the peace.

JII. Provided always, That in case any such officer, mariner, soldier^ or marine, shall again be summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such attested copy of the oath by him formerly taken being produced by fyim, or by any other person on his behalf, such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, shall not be obliged to take any other or further oath with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave a copy of such attested copy of his examination, if required,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and every part thereof, shall extend to all officers and soldiers who have been drawn by ballot, and have per-. Tonally served in the militia, or any of the fencible regiments, from the said first day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, for the term of three years, and have been honourably discharged. I

V. Provided always, That this act shall not in anywise be prejudicial to the privileges of the universities of Cambridge and

Oxford, or either of them; or extend to give liberty to any person to set up the trade of a vintner, or to fell any wine or other liquors, within the said universities, without licence first had and obtained from the vice-chancellor of the fame respectively.

CAP. VII.

An act for explaining certain adsof the parliament of Scotland

cermng manufactories; and for extinguishing the claims made by the proprietors of the two manufaccalled The Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain exemptions from custonys and duties, and for making compensation in lieu thereof

WHEREAS by severalads of the parliament of Scotland, and, among others, by an act passed in the year one thousand six hundred and Jxty-one, in the first parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for erecting of manufactories, chapter

the fortieth$ by another ad, passed in the year one thousand six hundred and sixty-nine, in the fecottd parliament of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, Act concerning the excise and customs, chapter the eleventh j and by another ad, passed in the year one -sand six hundred and eighty one, in the third parliament of his said majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for encouraging trade and manufactories, chapter the; certain privileges

and immunities were granted, and ruhs made, for encouraging and promoting manufactures in Scotland, and particularly materials fulfor manufactures were allowed to be imported, for the use of such manufactures, free of customs and excise, and all other publick burdens j and, in order to prevent all questions and debates in relation to the said privileges and immunities, the lords of his Majesty's exchequer and privy council in Scotland were, by certain of the said acts ',

H h 4 author

443

be given them, which dull be admitted as evidence at the quarter sessions; and if summoned again, they shall nut be obliged to take a fresh oath, but produce the former, or leave a copy thereof.

This act extends to militia men and fencibies who have served three years, and been honourably discharged. Privileges of the two universities refer ved.

[Preamble.]

44*

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7* [178

authorized to inquire and declare what manufactories already were, or thereof ter should he duly qualified to enjoy the benefit of the privileges and immunities by the said acts be flowed: and under the encouragements held forth by the said of two manufactories were erected in Glasgow, the the year one thousand six hundred and /even ty-four, for making of and the other, j in the year, one thousand six hundred and ninety'fix, for the making of ropes and cordage, the proprietors of each of which manufactories aid obtain from the lords of the exchequer, or privy council Scotland, an order or actdeclaring their respective works to be duly qua-

lified in terms of the statutes in that behalf, and which manufactories,

Jo established and approven, have been continuedly carried on ftnee the respective times of their erection, and do now, by course of regular JucceJfions and conveyances, belong to the following persons; videlicet.

The first-mentioned manufactory, for making of Joap, to fir James Maxwell baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Craufurd, John Maxwell, and John Craig, by way of copartner, known by the appellation of The Soap Work Company of Glasgow, and

business under the firm of Robert Craufurd and Company 5 and the other manufactory, for making of ropes and cordage, to James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh Wyllie, Thomas Dunmore, Robert Dunmore junior, James Sommerville, Robert Craufurd, George Kippen, Thomas Connell, James Gemmill, John Craufiira, James Scott, and William Semple, also by way of known by the appellation of The Rope Work Company of Glasgow, and transacting business under the firm of James Corbet and Company: and whereas, by the sixth article of the treaty of union, settled and agreed upon in the fifth year of the reign of her late jesty gjuetnAnne, between the two kingdoms ^England Scotland, provision is made in the terms following; videlicet, 44 That all tarts of the united kingdom, for ever, from and after the men,

shall have the fame allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks,

and be under the fame prohibitions, reflections, and regulations of trade, and liable to the same customs and duties on import and ex* "port*, and that the allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks,

prohibitions, reflections, and regulations of trade, and the customs and duties on import and export settled in England when the utoion j

commences, shall, from and after the union, take plate throughout the whole united kingdom, excepting and reserving the duties upon export and import of such particular from which any

persons, the subjects of either kingdom, are liberated end

exempted by their private rights, which, after the union, an remain safe and entire to them in all as before the fame:'* and whereas, upon the commencement of the union, doubts and disputes did arise between the officers of her Majestfs and the proprietors of the said soap and rope works, who claimed the ' vilege of importing materials for their, fm

of duties, as a private right, conflicted by the of parliament and acts of exchequer and privy council before-mentioned, and as such, ravtd by the exception in favour of private rights contained in the

aftrtjmd

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7.

aforesaidftxtb article of the/aidtreaty of union 5 to which claim the officers of the revenue objc8ed, that the exemption from, given

by the a8i of parliament, and exchequer and privy council of Scotland, was not in the nature of a private but of a en-

couragement to trade, and as such was determined and at an end by the treaty of union \in respect to which it was agreed upon,

as an interim expedient, that the proprietors of the aforesaid manufactories shouldgrant bonds for the duties of the materials to be imparted by them, with condition to pay the case the parliament of Great Britain, or court of exchequer in Scotland, should adjudge the said materials liable to the payment of duties $ which agreement of taking such conditional bonds as aforesaid for tarried into execution, until the commijf of the customs at Edinburgh gave orders for levying the duties upon all such materials imported for the use of the said mattufaflories as were by law chargeable with duties upon being imported for other purposes j whereupon the proprietors of the said manufatiories paid the duties but

under protest, that the rigbf of exemption claimed by them should not

thereby be hurt, nor themselves precluded from reclaiming such duties

as already had been, or afterwards should be, paid by them; and for

bringing the right of exemption so claimed by them to trial, the proprietors of the said rope work did, feme time ftnce, eause an

action in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, at the suit of the said James Corbet, one of the said proprietors and assignee of the ref of those proprietors, agasnft Edward Burrow collector of the customs at

the fort of Port Glasgow, and John Clerk then tie deputy of the said Edward Burrow, at the member port of Greenock, for that they bad, against right, ryfufed to repay duties levied by them on certain materials imported for the use of the said rope work; in the eourse of the proceedings of which action a special was agreed

upon and settled by the parties, and returned by a jury, upon which verdi8 tounfelwere beard by the lord chief baron, and other three

barons of the said court, and the judges being equally divided in their opinion, the question remains hitherto; ftnce the time of

which bearing, certain propefitions have been offered by the proprietors

of both the said works, for accommodating the matter in and whereas tbs claim of exemption made h the proprietors of the fend manufa8ories would, on the one hand, ij be very

prejudicial to the publick interest,being capable to be exercised in an

unlimited extent with respecto the commodities which are the subject thereof, to the great diminution of the revenue, and the breach of that equality in trade which ought to have place in dU parts of the united kingdom: and whereas by means of the aforesaid treaty of, union, and the doubts and disputes thereupon in relation to toe right of exemption claimed as aforesaid, as well as by reason of the proceedings consequent upon such doubts and disputes, the proprietors of the said rope and soap works, who, in firm reliance of the publish

faith of the kingdom,bad laid out and employed a sum of

money towards carrying on the said works, have, on the other hand, suffered tonsiderable loft and inconveniency, the exemption from the

payment of duties enjoyed by them under the a8s of the parliament of

Scotland,

termined by the union

446 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7.

[1784.*

Scotland, having, by the aforesaid, been abridged or

rupted, and much expence incurred by law suits and otherwise: and whereas in a case so circumstanced it is reasonable and just that feme compensationshould be made to proprietors for the private loft

they have suffered in consequence 0} the said treaty of union, a action calculated for national advantages: and whereas it is at the same time expedient to remove all such doubts and difpules as -said in future; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-All exemp- ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all tions from the an(j every the exemption or exemptions from the payment of payment of any custom< subsidy, impost, or other duty, upon the importation importation of'any goods or commodities whatsoever, for the use of any sort of goods, of manufacture whatsoever, which was or were granted by the granted by the acts of the parliament of Scotland, or the acts of the exchequer E tlan^de- an<* Prlvy counc^ ^at kingdom, herein generally or parti-0 an * culariy before mentioned, or any of them, mall, in all cases

whatever, be deemed and taken to have been intended, not as a private right in favour of any person or persons, companies, or bodies politick whatever, but as a publick encouragement to trade, limitable by the parliament of and deter-

mined by the treaty of union concluded between thele kingdoms, and for the several reasons and causes herein-before mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the conditional bonds before-mentioned, which were from time to time heretofore granted by the proponed ^raiit- Prietors of tiic f°aP anc* roP® works respectively, for the «d by the pro-duties of materials imported by them for the use of their re-prk tors ob the spective manufactories, shall and maybe cancelled and given ^p and rope up, free from the payment, to his Majesty, his heirs or succes-fors, of the customs and duties for which the said bonds were granted$ and the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in that part of Great Britain called or any three or more of

them, are hereby authorized and required to cause cancel and deliver up the said bonds accordingly, when thereto required: and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are also hereby impowered and required to cause to be paid, out of any of the publick duties and revenues under their management, unto the said fir James Maxwell baronet, Robert, Robert Craufurd, John Max, and John, or the fur-

vivors or survivor of them, by the firm aforesaid, for the use of the proprietors of the said soap work, in consideration of their loss and damages by reason of the premises, the sum of two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds lawful money of Great Britain, and that by two yearly installments of one thousand one hundred and twenty-five pounds each; and also by the like two yearly installments, to cause to be paid, out of the said revenues, unto the said James, James Dunlop, George, Andrew Blackburn ColvilleJohn Hugh fVyllie, Thomas

Dunmore,

The conditional bonds before men-

works, to be cancelled.

Sums to be paid to the proprietors in confident tion of their loss by the determination of the aforesaid exemptions.

i7$4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. S. 447

Dun more, Robert Dunmore junior, James, Robert

Craufutd, George Ktppen, Thomas Connelly James GemmUly John Craufurdy James Scotty and iVilllam Sempley or the survivors or survivor of them, under the aforesaid firm, for the use of the proprietors of the aforesaid rope work, the like sum of two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds of like money, in consideration of their loss and damages by reason of the premises 3 the first of which payments for each company is to be made upon the twenty-fifth day of becember, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the next payment upon the twenty-fifth day of December thereafter; and when the said several Turns of two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, and two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, shall be thus completely satisfied and paid, all claims of exemption, and other claims whatsoever in relation thereto, set up by the proprietors of the said soap and rope works, or either of them, in manner aforesaid, shall for ever ce£fe and be extinguished,

CAP. VIII.

An act for establ'ishing eertaitt regulations concerning the portage

and conveyance of letters and packets by the between Great Britain and Ireland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an aR, made in the twenty-fourth year <7/*

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for eft a- Recital of blishing certain regulations cpocerning the portage and convey* c. 6. of last ance of letters and packets by the post between Great Britain and Ireland, it is enabled. That, immediately from and after the $flablishment of a general post office in Ireland by the authority of the parliament of that kingdom, so tnuch of an all made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing Geo. 34C.a4, frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of postage, as relates to letters and packets pojfing by the post, free from the duty of postage, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain,

shall be repealed: and whereas certain persons who, by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain and Ireland, send and receive letters and packets which relate to the business of their

free from the duty of po/lage, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, will, by the said recited act of the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, upon the establifbr went of a general post office in Ireland, be deprived from sending and receiving letters and packet sfree from the duty: and whereas the publick business makes it expedient that such letters and packets Jbpuld pass free oj postage from any part of Great Britain Ireland, and from Ireland to any pati of Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the establishment of a Certain offi-

general post office in Ireland,it shall and may be lawful to and cers in Great

for Britain and

448 -

Ireland allowed to send and receive letters, &c. |o and from Great Britain and Ireland, free from the Bri-ttfh post office duty t

Provided such letters are certified to be on his Majesty's Service, See.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9, to [1784.

for certain persons who, by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain and Ireland*, send and receive letters and packet^ free from the duty of pottage, under the said recited a of tkm fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, or under any other act or acts passed since the patting of the said act, and for has Majesty's postmaster general of the kingdom of, the secretary of the general post office of, and the surveyocs of the said general po(t office, and for the under secretary and first clerk for the military department of the office of the chief secretary of the lieutenant general or other chief governor or governors of the said kingdom, all for the time being, to send and receive, by the po(t, letters and packets from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to any part of Great Britain, free from the duty of pottage for and on account of the post office of Great Britain: provided that all such letters and packets so sent shall relate to the buttness of their respedbve offices, and that there shall be certified, on the outside of loch letters and packets, under the hand writing of such officers it-spectively, to be on his Majesty's service $ and that such letters and packets shall be foaled with the seal of the office or officer fending the fame: and in case any such officers shall receive, under cover to them, any letters or packets intended for or directed so other persons, all such officers are hereby authorised and required to fend the same to the general post office in Loee~ don or Dublin, in order that such letters and packets may be charged with the duty of pottage; it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that the privilege of (ending and receiving letters and packets by such officers mall extend to such letters and packets only as relate to the business of their respective offices.

CAP. IX.

An act to authorise the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland to cancel bonds, given for the high duties on certain parcels of corn imported into Great Britain, on certain conditions theresa mentioned.

Act of 13 Geo. 3. c. i. recited; and that certain quantities of corn and barley baa been imported into Scotland after the time limited by the act. Commissioners of the customs to order the low duties, imposts of 5 per cent, and 5 per cent, on the said duty to be taken for the before mat* tioned parcels of com and barley t and upon payment thereof, the bends for the high duties to be cancelled.

CAP. X.

An act for raising a certain fnm of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

6,000,oeo 1. to be raised by annuities, and 360,000l. by a lottery. Contributors to the sum of 6,000,000l. for every tool, to be entitled to anno* ities of tool, each at 3 percent. 50l. at 4. per cent, redeemable tar parliament, and an annuity of 5*.6d. for 75 years and nn half, from July 5* »7*4> and then to ccafoi which shall be charged upon a fund to be

estabiifoed

1784O Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. t r. 449

established this session, and collstterally on the sinking fund. Every contributor of i.ooool. shall, upon payment of 6ol. more, be intitled to fix lottery tickets. The said annuities of 3 per cent. and 5s. 6d. shall be paid-July 5, and January 5, yearly, and the 4. per cent. April 5, and Octo-per 10. Annuities tax-free. Annuities charged on the fund to be establishfd for the payment thereof and to be deemed persona! estate.

Perftras possessed of flock may devise the fame by will, &c. The 3 per cent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the 3 per cent, con* fols, transferable at the bank. The per cent, annuities granted by this act, shall be added to the lame fund as the per cents, granted by the lottery acts of so, ax, »a, and *3 Geo. 3. The annuities of $s. fid. per annum for 75 years and six months, to be added to the confoildated long annuities of t, a, 4, so, as, and 13 Geo. 3.$ but to be paid out of the fund to be established this feflhm. 360,000l. to be raised by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. The number of the fortunate tickets are is,000; s of so,000l. s of xo,ooool. a of 5,000l. 4 of s,ooool. to of x,ooool. so of 500l. no of tool, too of got. 11,650 of sol.; 500l. to each first-drawn ticket of the first fix days3 s*0ool. to ditto the 13th day; >,ooool. to ditto the tfish day; s,ooool. to ditto the 19th day; 1,000l. to ditto the lad-drawn. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. as, 1784. Forging tickets, &c. a capital felony. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. Proviso, no attainder to make corruption of blood, &c«

Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets for such turns to be delivered into the exchequer. The 360,000l. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this (eflion; and shall be paid to the jiroprietort without any deduction, on March s, 1785, with other

daufts as usual.

CAP. XI.

An act for laying additional duties upon all, (except wax and Jpermaceti candles), and for more effectually ftcuring the du-

ties upon candles.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties upon candles herein after mentioned, and do therefore tnoft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there lowing addi-

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use tional duties of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all can- J® to

dies, (except wax and spermaceti candles), which at any time $j5dfcet or times shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, or made within the same, over and above all

other customs, subsidies, duties of excise, or other duties already imposed thereupon, by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties herein after mentioned; that is tQ say;

For

450Anno vicesimo quarto Gftoftoil III; fr. it. f 1784.

Tor all candles - F0f. candles whatsoever, (except wax add spermaceti can-(SEpiwm <fles), which shall be so imported, one halfpenny for every and fpcrma- pound weight avoirdupois* and after thatvTatefbr a greater or ceti), one ieffcr quantity; the said duties for and upon all imported can-halfpenny per <)]es9 (except wax and spermaceti candlesto ^>e paid down in P01111®1 j ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing tho lame:

And there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and (or the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fucce^bys, for and upon all candles, (except wax and spermaceti candles), which at any time or times shall be made within the kingdom of Great

.. toirty the further duties herein after mentioned; that is to say;

candfes made For cane*es whatsoever (except wax and spermaceti can* in Great Bri- dies) which shall be so made in Great, one halfpenny

tain,(except for every pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate- fora as above), one greater or lesser quantity; the said duties for the said candles (0 pound?ny PCr 10 be ma<^e m Great Britain^to bp paid by the makers thereof respectively.

New duties to jj. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That r«»vereda&c. ^le ^evera^ and respective duties by this at5l imposed for and in the fame upon all candles imported or made as aforesaid, and all arrear-manneras the ages thereof, shall and may, from time to time, be raised, reformer duties# ceived, levied, recovered, and focurfd, by such ways and means, and under such management, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and ciircdtions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the like duties granted by an act of the eighth year, and by another ad of the ninth year of the reign of our late sovereign Queen whereby

certain duties are laid upon candles, towards railing hefc-ftii late Majesty's supplies for the vears one thousand seven hundred and ten, and one thousand seven hundred and eleven, are by those acts, or by any other law or statute thereby referred unto, or since made, to be raised, received, levied, secured, orre-P f th covered» and that the said acts of the eighth and ninth yetrs act" of 8 and* re*gn Queen An and all the clauses, penalties, fof-

9 Anne, &c. feitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or fin« enacted, for the railing, receiving, levying recovering, securiflg> paying, or accounting for the said duties upon candles thereby granted, or any arrearages of the fame, are and shall be by rorce of this act continued, practised, and put in execution, so* railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the duties upon candles by this act granted, and making allowances out of the fame, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large recited in this present act.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-

to be in force in execution of this act.

All (lock in

* i7*4» to he for ca^Jes wax and spermaceti candles)

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11. 451

which any tallow-chandler or other fellers or dealers.in candler liable toth* in Great Britain, or any person or persons in trust for him,her, ucw or them* or for his, her, or their use, shall be possessed of or in torched in, upon the said first day of August* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for sale, there, dial] be yielded and paid to his said Majesty (over and above the duties before this time imposed thereupon) the like rates as are by this act to be paid for candles to be made after the said first day of one thousand fever* hundred and eighty-four; and that all the directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, rules^ and clauses Whatsoever, contained in the said acts of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Queen Anne, relating to the stock of candles, which was in the hands of any chandlers, or other fellers of, or dealers in candles, or of others in tract for them, or for their use, upon the first day of May, one thousand seven bun* dred and ten, or the twenty-fifth day of one thousand seven hundred and eleven, respectively, shall, by force of this act, be Oxercifed, practised, and put in execution; for ascertaining, fteuring, charging, levying, recovering, and paying, the ratC9 by this act imposed upon the stock of candfes which shall be in the hands of any such persons as spforesaid, upon the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty* four, and for making allowances and drawbacks in respect thereof.

IV. And whereat fianding cotitrafts may have been made, before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

by thandlers or other dealers in candles, for publitk

focietits, or other persons, with candles, to be delivered at a time af- Dealers who

ter the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred eighty four, it is hereby enacted, That the persons serving such candlwaftwr candles, after the said first day of August one thousand seven Aug. 17*4*

hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former corr- may add the traits, shall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon n*w duties to such candles to the price thereof, and shall be intitled by virtue thereof^ of this act to be paid for the same accordingly.

V. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to charge Small mflt the duties on candles, herein-before mentioned, on such small light*, made rush lights as shall be madd by any person or persons, to be used in his, her, or their own hoafes only, so as such small rush rate use, not lights be onW once dipped in or once drawn through grease or liable to new kitchen stuft, and not at al! through any tallow melted or dutiei, refined; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The new dir-That the duties by this act imposed upon candles imported, he# 00 candles shall be subject and liable to the additional duties or imports

of fivt pounds per centum, and five pounds per feve- the additional

raHy imposed by the adb respectively made in the nineteenth 5 per cents, and twerrty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty, the pro-upon the produce and amount thereof; and that such additional duties or imports of five pounds per centum, and five pouods Geo. j. c/sj*

fer

*5*

and t% Geo. j. c. 66.

19 Geo. a* c. is*

Excise officers im powered, after Aug. 1/ S784, to enter the houses,

Uc, of candle* makers, and to take an account of their Hock, by day or by night*

Anno tfeefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11. [1784.

per centum ,shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules, and regulations, powers, and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional duties or imposts are by the said acts of the nineteenth and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign directed to be collected and paid*

VII. And whereas gnat frauds upon the revenue are by the feent making of candlest without paying the duties for fame, which might, in a great m be prevented if the $cm

of excise who survey the makers of candles were author ifed to me the workhouses, and other places makers of, by sijif

as well as by day, and to take an account of the candles then, without waiting for the presence of a constable or peace, m lib

manner as officers are authorised to enter the workhouses of the of glasst by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of Kh George the feconi9 intituled An act for granting to his Majesty

several rates and duties upon glass, and upon spirituous liquors; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and for obviating some doubts about making out orders at the exchequer for the monies advanced upon the credit of the salt duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an act of the lift Son of parliament; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the officers of excise shall at all times, by day or by night, be permitted, upon his or their it* quest, to enter into the house, melting-house, warehouse, or other place whatsoever,' belonging to or used by any personor persons, who, after the said first day of Augujly one thouseod seven hundred and eighty* four, shall be a maker or makers of any candles whatsoever, and by weighing or tale of the candles, or otherwise, as to such officer shall seem most proper and convenient, to take an account of the candles which shall have been made by such maker or makers of candles from time to time, in like manner as such officers may now do in the day*

time.

Penalty on

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any maker cr obstructing makers of candles shall obstruct or hinder any of the said of-officer*. ficers -in the execution of the powers and authorities gireo t him or them by this or any other ad, for the ascertaining or securing the said duties upon candles, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofc the sum of one hundred pounds*

Recital of n

IX. And whereas, by an act made in the eleventh year of tk Geo. 1. c. 30. reign of his majesty King George the first9 (intituled An act for more effectual preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues; for preventing frauds in the salt duties, and for gtving relief for salt used in the curing of salmon and cod*fish, is the year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported tom that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for enabling the insurance companies to plead the general issue in actions brought again# them; and for securing the stamp duties upon policies

4 53

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. <1.11.

of inforance;) it was entiled) That if any chandlery or maker of eandUs for fatty Jbeuld begin.to work upon, or make any

or making if candlesy: not being mould candlin order theretOy

Jfyould mike any of the preparations therein ,without first

making and delivering, or causing to be made and to the

officer orfficers under whose Juryey fetch chandler or maker of candles

jgr faU Jbeuld bey fiub declaration in writing of his, hery or their inteniiyfsto make such course or making of condfes, as in the [said act is mentioned: and whereas the said exception of mould candles has been found inconvenient, and has afforded opportunities for the committing

of frauds on the revenue9 by the secret making Of mould candlei Out paying She duties for the fame; be it further enacted, That if, From Aug. r, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven *7*«» every hundred apd eighty-four, aqy chandler, or maker candles shall SSlo Sjjktr begin to work upon, or make any course or making of moulda course (candles, or, in order thereto, shall snake any of the prepara* of mould tions in the said act mentioned, without first making and deli* candles, or vering, or.causing ro be made and delivered, to the odicer or m»k«PJ*P* officers under whose survey such chandler or maker of candles fame" without fhaJ) be, a declaration in writing of his, her, or their intention delivering a to make such course or making of mould candles, and of the written decla* particular hour or time of the day or night when such course or r*t,orl ^1* making is intended to be begun, and of the true number and STfoch hii'taL foe of the moulds he, she, or they intend to fill and draw, and tendon, shall ml(o of the number of times he, me, or they intend to fill and forfeit 50U dfaw the fame in each making or course j evei*y such chandler or maker of candles, on every failure or default in all or any of the particulars before mentioned, or having in or at such making or coprfe more or larger moulds or candles than shall be mentioned in such declaration, or filling or drawing the said inoulds a greater number of times than shall be mentioned in the said declaration, shall for every such offence, forfeit and iofe the sum of fifty pounds; and ir, after such declaration so made as aiforesaid, rnch making or courfo of candles shall not be begun and proceeded upon at the hour and time mentioned in such declaration; or in three hours next after such hour and time, then every such declaration shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void. j

X. And whereas, by the fiatktes How in force for imposing duties upon all candles made in Great Britain, the of excifiy

or other pevfons by them respectively appointed for that purpofiy are authorized to compound and agreo with such as shall make

candles, not to fell or to make any profit but to be consumed

in choir own private houses only, at a certain rate or payment for avery bead which, at any time or times during the continuance of such composition, shall be of the family of such personss respectively, as in and by the said statutes is particularly and required: and

whereas greai frauds have been, and are now frequently, practised by

means of such comp options, and groat quantities of candles have befn privately disposed of and sold by such compounders% to the -

fury of the revenue and the fair trader; fas remedy thereof, be it

Vou xxx:v. ii hirther

454- Annofrvicesimo quarto Georoti HI. t>. ti.n [kyt

From Aug. i. further enacted by the authority aforefofct, That, storn anti after 1784, comm'tf- the said first day of August,one thousand seven hundred add1 fionersofex- cjj,hty_four, all the powers and authorities) to the crttotaiffiofr to Compound ers of excise or other persons by all or any of the said adtegivan, with any per- to compound and agree with any person or persons fof die <fa-fonstormak- ties on candles by any such persons made or to be made, shall ing candles cease ancj determine; any thing in any of the said stattites, or fa ufc.PnVatC either of them, to the contrary in ahy-wlfe notwithstanding.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority arofc-All com- said, That all and every person or persons Who hath <or have al« pounders ready made composition or agreement for the duties on candles fya.il,ol* or by them respectively made, or to be made, shall, ori or before 10^ °i%uS the tenl^ day August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty* make entries four, make true and particular entries of all Aich candles as of all such they, or any of them, or any other person or ersons in mill candles as «. for them, or any of them, were possessfed of, on the first day of iSESfr August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, at the on Aug. i, on office of excise, within the limits of which they shall respectivelf forfeiture of inhabt*, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds,

501. and the ajfQ ass the candles of which no such entry shall be made; and 'cawdltt- within six days after he, she, or they shall have made, or ought and, within 1° have made, such entry as aforesaid, shall pay down for the fix diys after said candles the several duties chargeable upon candles, or, in stall pay the default thereof, shall forfeit and lose double the value of thefiW duiita, &c. candles; and that the houses, out-honfes, and other plates belonging to such compounders, from and after the said Erftthy of August, one thousand feverr hundred and eighty-four, Hull and are hereby made liable to the survey of the officers fortHc duties on candles, in the same manner, and under the same rules, and under th* fame fines and penalties for reftiftl, is persons making candles for sale are liable.

XII. And whereas it m have happened, in furfuante tit

' p divers by the said before recited statutes, the officers afpdntd

by the commissmers of excise for that, raay, after the frjt k)

of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, y renewed compositions, and the money payable for the fame

' been received by futh officers: now, to prevent all confusion, 1* All compofi- enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such compofitiow tions made, as shall have been so made, renewed, or agreed to be made* &c. after May-afj£r the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred aftd he Void*, and cigbty-four, shall be, and are hereby declared null andtoid; the money and all such sums of money as shall have been received by tfc returned to said officers, from the persons so making or renewing their com* the com- positions as aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby dirtdkd poun ers. an(j required to be returned to the person and persons refjpcc-tively who shall have paid the famC^ any thing in the hid former acts to the contrary in any-wtfe notwithstanding. Penalties and

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefift forfeitures That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in fetation to the IM how to be re- duties upon candles, shall be sued for* levied, and recovered, »V.h-d and or init*Sat«d* by such ways* means* and methods* as any

' ' * penalty,

quarto.C^koAQII III. c. ii;

rpcqajty* qr fqriieitUfe, is.or may be recovered or mitigated PiJ\y y/ or Jaws ,'of cx^i fe, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or jjtfqrptttion, iq oqy pjf^fis Majesty's courts of record at lVeft~ vW«J?*rt or jo {ho^ours of exchequer in Scotland, respectively";

£nfTttat pne pi piety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture* ilhall.be tp his Mfljefiy, his heirs and successors, and the other i&9\&y tq him orvthejn who shall difeoyer* inform, or sue for

Xyf* And be further eqaded <by the authority aforesaid, irfiat fill the fnonles. arising by the said.additional duties by this Duties to be ipqgpfql qppn candles (the necessary charges of railing and ac- Pai£into th# for tl^fame excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid e*c c^ucr* 4jqjPi(h?. Receipt qfhis Majesty's exchequer at fepa-

yptc a#tydv apart froqi pU otfierduties; and the said money so paijd Ho" tp he vlaid recpiptpf exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund aPPUed* ^fqr.^e ,£ayqi£nt of the several annuities, and all such other ^9fg^s andi^Pfqcey,-^s *re directed to, be paid and payable -purlqant tp, apad of tjiis pcefent fellipn of parliament, finti--tuled* aftfir faifing a certain sum of money by \vqy

for eflablt/bioi a lottery).

AVf And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

anya{lion, suit, or prosecution, shall be brought dr limitation of cprpq^tced against any person or persons for any thing done in a^lon#» 'jtl^&ance of act» such action, suit, or prpfecutjorq.shall be ^ppght pr qomrnenced within three months next after the thing Ldpne, und shall be laid in the (ypppr county; and the defendant :qy*defendants may, plead the general iflbe, and give this act and Q^eral issue* tf|be (pedal matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon usmd if a verdict pass for the defendant or defendants, or ffie - piaipfiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, pr discontinue his, her,

or-their a^ion, suit, of prosecution* or judgement be given fuclxplaintiff or plaintiffs, then such defendant or de-vfep^anu ft^U haye treble ^ofts awarded to him* her, or them, cost* such plaintiff or plaintiffs*

'; CAP.

uenable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland

\ fegrtbeti to eAfirtefethe. capital if tbt faii company.

\jL7^HE R 5 AS by ap/ifi of the parliament of Scotland*, trade Preamble*

in the yea? one thousand fin hundred and ninety*five, intituled.

An act for erecting a bank in Scotland A amounting to Rental of ail

sum'oftwelpe hundred thousand pounds Sqqts money was allowed a<^ of the - to he rfiifedby (be company thereby established f carrying, on and - ^amentf* paging a pifblicK bank, and certain persons therein, mentioned were

, assutporised tqqppoint a book for receiving the subjeripliens offueh per-\jbns, as were willing to become adventurers in the said joint stock:

and\by the said abt iljuas, declared, That one thousand pounds Scots fibauld fle tie Umfir and twenty thousand pounds Scots the highefi ~fum. which any person Jhwtd pe.aQowjd to subscribe: and by the /did

1 i 2

K - IV

45$

Act 14 Geo. S’ c. )s. re* cited*

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 12. [ i

cB rt was also declared *That all and every the persons subfaibing

and paying to the said flock as aforesaidshould bo one body pohtick

dndtcorporate,by the name of The Governor and Company of the

Bank of Scotland; under which name they should have perpetual Juccefoion* and should have a common seal: and by the (did aO it mas directed, That* within three months after, the subscriptioms

should be ended* the persons in the said act any two of

them* should appoint a certain das <* intimation of the fame* that such and so many of the and none other* at

should each of them have fubfiribed for one thousand pounds or upwards in the said book of the joint fl and chotfo* by a ' majority of votes, which were to be gives one vote for every am thousand pounds Jbare of the flock* aJit of the subscribers who

bad fubfiribed (or himself at least for eight thousand be

governor of the said hank; and another ft person of the JMerihors*

who should have fubfiribed for himself at least for six thousand to be deputy governor of the fifid bank s pud also twenty-four ether ft persons* who should haw fubfiribed each of them Jer at

' leaf for throe thousand pounds in the said joint to be dereBors

of the said bank: and certain other rules and regulations were thereby prescribed* (or the better managing and ordering the affairs of the said bank j and, in pursuanct of the aforesaid all* the said burnt was

soon after oJtabUfltd* and has ever continued: and

an aB of tpe parliament of Great Britain, in the

year of his present Majestys reign* An act to enable the

governor and company of the bank of Scotland to encrease the capital stock of the said company, it was That within one month after the paffng of the said off, or as soon after as might he* the court of ordinary direBors of the said bank should appoint a keek to be opened and kept at the office of the said bank of Scotland, for

receiving subscriptions (or an additional capital or joint to extent of twelve hundred thousand pounds Scott, or one homdrei

thousand pounds fttrhng money* and ho more} in which hook every person or persons poffoffed of a flare or flares of the

(flock of the said bank of Scotland should he entitled to subforibe fee as much of the said new or additional flock as be* /be* or they should bo possessed of* of the old or original flock at the time of his* her* or their juhfmbing* and no more* or for-a lesser number of shares there* of* if flub person or persons flouli so think peeper: and by the JaU cB it was further declared* That no proprietor should hold more thou twenty flares of the old flock* or more than forty flares of the oU and new together: and it was also by the said aB further declared* That after the additional capital should be completed* no proprietor should be eleBed governor* unless be bad* upon the and stem

fleck together* paid in the sum of sixteen thousand pounds Scots j deputy governor* unless he bad* upon the original and new gether* paid in twelve thousand pounds Scots s dtrtBor* oadefs he had* upon the original and newflock paid in fix

pounds Scots \ and that from and after the said period* no proprietor should be tut tiled to give his vote in the of a governor* deputy

governor or direBor* or m any question in any general meeting* who

was

1784*} Anno vicesimo quarto Georg it 1IL c. 12* 45]5

taa$ not possesstd of two thousand pounds Scots of old or new fioch% or old and now flock together, and who had not hfiualfy paid in the said two thousand pounds; and that, every proprietor should have a vote for each two thousand pounds which he bad a finally paid in: provided always, That no proprietor should ever be intitled to more than twenty votes: and certain other rules and regulations were bo the Jifidafi prescribed, for the better managing and ordering the

fairs of the said bank: and whereas it would greatly tend to the ad* vancement of commerce, and be otherways highly beneficial and dient y That the capital foci of the find bank should beJliU further in* ereafedy Jo as not to exceed in the whole the sum of three million Rx hundred thousand pounds Scots money% or three hundred thousand pounds sterling: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri* tual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within one A subscrip-month after the passing of this act, or as soon after as may be, jj bt

the court of ordinary directors of the said bank shall appoint a '

book to be opened and kept at the office of the said bank of tSdit&nal Scotland, for receiving subscriptions for an additional capital or capital of joint dock, to the extent of twelve hundred thousand pounds ioo,opoL Scots % or one hundred thousand pounds sterling money, and no more; in which book every perform or performs possessed of two proprietor*, or more shares of the present capital dock of the said batik of r Scotland,shall be intitled to subscribe for a proportional part of the said new or additional dock, corresponding to the shares so pofleded by such person or persons at the time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more; that is to say. That each proprietor holding two shares of the present capital (lock, shall be intitled to subscribe for one share of the pew additional (lock, and no more; and (b on, in proportion.

II. Andy in order that no person or bersons possesstd of flock in the said'bank of Scotland may be deprivedty the benefit hereby intended

them 1 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be Proprietor*

In the power of every proprietor of the present capital stock of way foment*

the said company, by a writing under his, her, or their hands, V

to authorise shy other person he, she, or they (1*1? think proper,

to subscribe for him, her, or them; and the subscription of the person so author!fed shall he equally effectual as if the proprietor

who gives hich authority had subscribed, with h|s, her, or their

bands.

III. And be it further enacted, That the privilege and pre- Time limbed ference of subscribing to the new or additional stock hereby to fobfcrip. given to the proprietors of the present capita] stock of the said t*°* bank, shall be limited tp three months from the time of opening the ftibscription book above mentioned; and after the expiration of the said term, in pa ft any ffiare or shares of the said new or additional stock shall not have been subscribed for the said subscription book shall be (hut, and a general meeting of the proprietors called, upon such notice as a court of ordinary f I i 3 directofs

How shares

un subscribed for are to be disposed of*

Caiivon Tales to be applied to the ute of the bank.

}f the shares are not all disposed of, a subscrtption to be again opened.

General riveting of proprietors may call for new Hock to be subscribed for.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. I z. ^1784.

dfre&ors shall think fit j at which meeting the share or shares Act firhscribed for, shall be sold to the highest bidder1, provided juph bidder be a proprietor of the present capital (lock of the said bank, or be authorized and impowered to purchase for a person who is a proprietor of the said capital (lock, by a writing under his, her, or their hands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any premiuri dr gain be received upon or by the said sale^or Tales, the fcmo shall be applied for the benefit of the governor and company of thebahk of

V. And be it further emifled, That if any share or shares

*of the new flock shall not he sold at the said general meeting of proprietors, then, and in that case, the subscription book shall be immediately again opened 5 and it shall be in the power cf j any person to subscribe fdri such a number of shares as he shall choose. '

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the majority of a‘ general meeting of the said proprietors to call for (he whole of any part of the new or additional flock to be subscribed for, in manner above directed, at such times and in such proportions as they shall think proper: provided always, That no subscriber shall be called upon to pay up more than his just proportion of one hundred thousand pounds sterling, the amount of the new flock corresponding to the number of shares subscribed for by him; hut it shall not be in the power of any substriber to pay up either the whole or arty part of the new additional flock, until the same shall be Called for by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no subscriber of new flock shall be entitled to draw any part of a dividend either

upon his old or new flock, until he has paid his proportion of call U paid m! any call of dock that has been ordered by a majority of agent* p ral meeting of proprietors; and each subscriber'of new (lod failing to pay his proportion of such call, shall be charged with the legal interest upon it until the fame be paid, and shall h*ve jio vote at elections or general meetings while the fame reoiauK unpaid. '

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That a certificate under the hand of the accountant of the said bank, certifying that a call or calls have not been paid by any of the perform who lu«

again if per- fybscribed themselves to the said new flock, or by any of tfa Ibns failing to pelfons for whom any other person impowered as aforesaid has ^ay in their subscribed to the said flock, shall, when produced With this a« to the court of session, be a sufficient warrant to the said court for issuing letters of horning against such person or persons w the call or calls unpaid by them at the instance or suit treasurer of the said bank.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, after the new *ddt-

(hah w

Vo proprietor 4rt new stock to draw a di-

Court of fefflon to issue letters of horning

Qualification «W governor,

eighteen

*7844] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13.

459

eighteen thousand pound! Scats; nor director, tinless he be pof-JieHed of nine'thousand pounds Scats of the (lock of the said governor and company of the bank of Sc.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the said new addi- Qualification tional stock baa been completed in the manner above directed, omvoters, no proprietor shall be entitled to give his vote in the election of a governor, deputy governor, or directors, or in any question' an any general meeting, who is not possessed of three thousand pounds Scots of dock, and who has not actually paid in the said three thousand pounds Scots; and that every proprietor shall have a vote for each three thousand pounds Scots which' he has actually paid in: provided always, That no proprietor shall eyer be intitled to more than twenty votes.

XI. And whereas that part of the aforef act of the parliament of Scotland which declared, That twenty thousand pounds Scots should be the bighejl jum which any one person be allowed to

subscribe; and that part of the aforesaid other act the fourteenth

of his present Majesty which provided, That no proprietor should bold more than twenty shares of the old, or more than forty /bares of the old and new together, have been found by experience to be productive of no good consequence, but on the, to be at-

tended with great inconvenience; be it therefore further enacted,

That those parts of the said two before mentioned alts be, and Restriction in {he fame are hereby repealed; and that, in time to come, any the former person or persons may hold, in his, her, or their name, such a a&8 repealed. Humber of shares of (lock as he, she, or they, may choofp to hold or acquire: provided always, as above mentioned. That no proprietor shall ever be intitled to more than twenty votes, either in the annual election of governor, deputy governor, and directors, or in any question whatever that may occur or

be made the subject of difeuflion at any general meeting of proprietors.

XII. And it is hereby provided and declared, That the said Former aft* act of the parliament of Scotland in the year sixteen hundred confirmed, and ninety-five, excepting so far as the fame is altered by the e?cep*

-said other act of the fourteenth of*hisj>resent Majesty; and also y 19

the said act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, shall remain in full force in all points, excepting in so far as the fame is altered by this act.

XIII. And, lastly, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a publick act; and shall be judi- Publick act; daily taken notice of by all judges, judices, and others whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Cap. xnr.

An act for appointing and enabling commissionert further to examine, take, and (Fate the publick accounts of the kingdom.

Act of to Geo. 3. c. 54; si Geo 3. c. 45; it Geo. 3. c. <0 5 and 13 Geo. «. c. 6%; recited. Thomas Anguish esquire, Arthur Piggott elqoire. Richard Neave esquire, Samuel Beachcrott esquire, George Drummond clquire, and William Roe esquire, commissioners appointed to examine I i 4 ' ‘ anti

460 Anno vicesimo quarto QsoXGll III. C. 14 - 16. [1784.

and ftste the public^ accounts of the kingdom. The recited acts topoa* tinue in force; from and after July t», 1784. No commissioitcr so hold & tivil office of pront during plesfure' under his Majesty. Any three of the commissioners to be sworn before the chancellor of the exchequer, &c. ar in former acts. The said three commissionerstO admnidtor the oath to the rest. Lords of the treasury may pay s.obol. to the order of the commissioners. To be employed for the payment of clerks, lof Other officers and in defraying all other charges in execution of the powers irt the ad. to be appointed by three1 commissioners hnd accounted for at the exchequer; and to be tax free. Executors of the accountants to at*

/ tend commissioners, and execute their orders. Continuance Of this oft far

one year from July *1 1784, and no lpnger. / - 1 *’

CAP. XIV.

An act to enable the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from Francis Dixon esq; deceased, and hisfuretiesi and for veiling his estates in trustees; and for other pur* poffs therein mentioned.

CAP. XV.

i y r

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to fe* r veral parishes within the town of Shrewsbury and the liberties*thereof, in the county of Salop. *' * 1 '* ' 1

CAP. XVI.

An oil to discontinut the petty custom on aliens goods imported into Great Britain, W the duty per to or imported from the Mediterranean Seas in 0»a for repealing so much ifin the fourth year of

reign of his frefint Majesty part of the old

fidy shall bedrown back upon goods exported to the British colonies or plantations in ktnerica. " 1

?rctJ3?* W7 WHEREAS several duties and by various

acts of parliament upon merchandize, at

the trade now carried on between this kingdom and Joreign /lotos, w fomt cases become an unnecessary*burthen upon, without

producing any red advantage to the publick and it is expedient that they should not be any longer continued; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advtcfc and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of From Aug. the fame. That, from and after the twentieth day of Aqgnfi, so. 1784,100 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the duty com* du^v on aliens ca^e^ Tfa Petty Cujl, imposed by an act made in the

goods to cease. twelfth year of the reign of king Charles the Second, intituled, r A subsidy granted to the King of tonage and, and otherfums

of money payable upon merchandize exported and, or by the

rules thereto annexed, and air other additional duties imposed by any act of parliament, upon the goods of aliens or strangers born, over and above the duties payable by natural«bo*n fab-je^s, except as herein after is provided, shall cease, determine,

~l;. , ' ' ' * 1 1 *’ ' ‘ ‘ Sffd

1784.1 Anno vicesimo quarto Obqrgh III. c. 1$.461

and be no longer paid or payable; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstandinz.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That To what da. this shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or, ties this anywtfe alter the duties due and payable by any act of parlia* not ment, upon goods imported into, or exported from, this king*

dom, in any foreign ship or vessel, nor to the duties of pack*, age and fcavage, or any duties granted by charter to the mayo? and commonalty and citizens of the city of

III. Andy tbi better to prevent the mayor and common* Regulation* ’*

city andcitizens from being fraudulently injured^ be it enacted by relative to th*

the authority aforesaid, That every merchant, or other, passing

any goods, wares, or merchandizes, inwards or outwards,

shall by himself, or his known servant, factor, or agent, subscribe one or more bill or bills of entry, whether such goods are on alien, or Jtritish account, and, if required, make oath of the fame before the officer appointed to receive the said duties,

(who is authorized, by the charter granted to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, to administer the same;) and no entry on alien account shall be permitted by the officer of the customs to pass, or the goods to be delivered, unless the fig nature or mark of the city’s collector, or his deputy, appears bn the face of such warrant; and if any goods entered on No goods to British account, which are ( bona fide) aliens property, the mer- he entered o« chant or others entering the same shall forfeit and pay the sum co"ot which of fifty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, are alien* pr information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at property, on Westminster% in the name of the officer or collector appointed penalty of 50U to receive the said dues in behalf of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens; and the damagesfo to be recovered shall |>e paid into file phamber of London, for the use of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens.

IV. And be it hereby further enacted by the authority afore- From Aug. said, That from and after the said twentieth day of, one *°i >7*4* no thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no part of the duties, Part the commonly called The Impojl one thousand fever, hundred no^of the9* seventy-nine and The Impojl one thousand seven hundred and eighty- import 1781, iwO, imposed by two acts of parliament made in the nineteenth payable npop and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, for granting ad- 'ity# ditional duties upon the produce of the feveVal duties under the on ex* management' of the respective commissioners of the customs portation. and excise in Great Britain, so far as the fame hath been, or shall btifpajd or1 payable upon the aliens duty, chargeable for any goods imported into this kingdom, in any ship or vessel,

shall be repaid, or drawn back, ujbon the exportation of such

goods, any thing in the said recited act, or any Other afi, to p,m

the contrary notwithstanding. «o, 1784, the

V. And It is hereby further enacted by the authority afore* Mediter.

said. That from bnd after the said twentieth day of August; one duty,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the duty of one per car.»! lentum, commonly called The Mediterranean Duty* which, by cap. u, foil'

‘ u an ccafc.

4& Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 17, it [1784.

an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the rdgo of king Charles the Second, intituled. a8 prevcniinf

frauds, and regulating abuses in his Majesbfs was granted

upon goods exported from this kingdom, to any port or place of the Mediterranean Sea,beyond the port of Malaga, or imported from thence, to any port of this kingdom, in any fcip or veffd which is not qualified as by the feud aft is prefoibed and dhefted, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

ftmn Ang.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-af* 2eo* That from and after the said twentieth day of 00c ic^mta&U* thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, so much of aa act of parliament made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, v intituled An act for granting certain duties in the British

and plantations in America; for, amending, and

perpetual, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his fifty King George the SecondAn act for the better fe* curing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America;) for applying the produce offueb duties, end tf

the duties to arise by virtue of the said ail, towards defraying tit

expenses of defending, proteiling, and the said exl

plantations; for explaining an act made in the twenty-fifth tf the reign of King Charles the ( An act for the

encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades and for the better securing the plantation trade;) and for altering id disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, ad more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods u and from thy said colonies and plantations, and improving and fussing the trade between the fame and Great Britain; as enads, That no part of the rate or duty, commpnly called fk Old Subsidy, shall be repaid or drawn back fotp any goods of the growth, production, or manufacture of Europe, or the East Indies, which shall be exported from this kingdom, to any British colony or plantation in America, (wines, white callkoes, and muslins, only excepted,) shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP. XVII.

An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majestyu intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the borough of Danbetfd. other wise Launceston, and pari lb of Saint Mary Magdalen* i* d* county of Cornwall j and for veiling the aftermowthi of certain co»* mon lands within the borough in trustees, for the purposes theren mentioned.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for laying additional duties upon paper,

boards, and fealeboards; and for explaining certain doubts rtfptfr ingtbe duties imposed by an act made in the his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for repealing present duties upon paper, pasteboards, millboards, fealeboards, made in Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof. m,.

4%

Prfauahk*

From Au.

io# 1784?, the

following additional tluti* (Kail be paid for all paper,' pasteboaid, mil (board, and scaleboard, made i/v Great Kritaiaf videlicet.

X784.J A^norvibefimd qu«nblG0QBtQ«i>’IEL ci x%

Most GtatibttfSovereign,.

WE, yoQt^ M^dty^rand'loytl subjects, thd dortMfWnS' of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary fupfdies yo defray your Majesty's publick expehcev,' have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant urtto youV Majority the several additional rates a^ncl duties upon paper, pasteboard-, millboard, and fealeboard, herein after mentioned; and do therefore moil lyimbly be-seeth your Mfajetly that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiriruai and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid*, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all paper, pasteboard, millboard, and fealeboard,

Which from and after the tenth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be made in Great

over and above all former duties of excite, or other duties already imposed thereupon, by any act of parliament, the further rates and duties herein after particularly mentioned and described, and claiTed in the several tables annexed to this act;

'(that is to say,)

For every ream of paper made in G Britain for writing, imperial called Imperial, of the value of two pounds, eleven shilling*

fer ream, and upwards, apd not exceeding the dhneofions of 3 PCaa* twenty-two inches by thirty inches* and a quarter, three

shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Super royal called Super Royal, of the value of one pound, eighteen shillings p^eam fer ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of 9

nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-seven incites and an half, the sum of two shillings and three-pencC:

~ For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Royal ditto, called 'Royal, of the value of one pound, nine shillings per 9d.per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of nine- re*n» teen inches and a quarter by tweenty-four inches, one shilling and nine-pence:

For every ream of paper made In Great Britain for writing, Mediumdittq, called Medium, of the value of one pound, two shillings, and P®1"

(jxpence per ream,' and upwards, and not exceeding the dN

‘inenfions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches and an half, one shilling and sixpence

‘ For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Demy writing called Demy, of the value of'sixteen shillings ream, and paper, i». per upwards,' artd not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches roam;

dnd an half by twenty inches, one shilling:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing. Thick post ^tailed Thit* Roft) of the value of thirteen shillings per ream, ditt0* 9d. per .: > andrean>*

464 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. it, [1784.

and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen in ches and a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, tune* pence:

_. ______ For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing,

" ^lied Thin PoJi% of the value of ten shillings ream, and up-reani* Wards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and a quarter by nineteen indies and an half, seven-pence:

Small post dit- For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, to, 6d!per tailed Small Poji, of the value of seven shillings and six pence ream; ptr ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and an half, fix* pence 2

Foolscap dit- For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, to, $d. per called Fads Cap. of the value of nine shillings per ream, tod

*<*; upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches

and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, sixpence:

Pott ditto, 4d. For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing* per reams called Petty of the value of six shillings ream, and upwards, Vs and not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches-and an half, four-pence:

Double atlas, For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, for writing, or or copper-plate printing, called Double, of the value of fifteen pounds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the {^reami*0* dimensions of fifty-five inches by thirty-one inches and ao half, ten shillings:

Demy, for For every ream of paper niade in Great Britain for writing, ditto, 7d. per or copper-plate printing, called Deny* of the value of twelve ream; shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dirnen-

fions of fifteen inches and ao half by twenty inches, seven-pence:

For every ream* of paper made in Great Britain for writing, or copper-plate printing, called or Bastard% of the value of seven shillings and sixpence per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, four-pence t For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, or 'copper-plate printing, called Fools Copy of the value of six shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, three-pence:

__________ For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing,

captorditto* or copper-plate printing, called Litris Foals Copy of the value of 3 d. per ream; six shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and aq half by seventeen inches and an half, three-pence:

Pott, for For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, *d. per or copper-plate printing, called Fott> of the value of four (bin-M*m' ings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions

of twelve inches and an hajf by fifteen inches and an half, two* pence:

Fot cvpry ream of paper spade ip Great Britain frr writing,

pDpy.for writing, or copper-plate printing, *d. per ream;

Fools cap, fog ditto, 3d. per

ffwwmfe

wSMB*

Uttris fools

mm;

17$4«1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. jfii«

or copper-plate printing, called Grand Eagle or Double Grand eagle,

of the value of four pounds per ream, and upwards, and not for ditto, 4.1.

exceeeding the dimenGons of twenty-six inches and three ^reink| quarters by forty inches, four shillings;

For every ream of paper made in Gr Britain for writing, Chlombicr, for or copper-plate printing, called Colombter* of the value of two dltt0> j*. 6d. pounds and ten shillings per ream, and upwards, and not ex- P9rrMml ceeding the dimenGons of twenty-three inches and an half by thirty-four inches and an half; three shillings and sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Atla*, for <Ht-or copper-plate printing, called Atlas* of the value of three to, (worth*1.) pounds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the di- S* P«r reams -mentions of twenty-Gx inches and a quarter by thirty-four in* ches, Gve shillings:

For every ream of paper made in Gre Britain for writing, Atlas.f or copper-plate printing, called Atlas* of the value of two writing^ pounds per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen- copper-plate Boris of twenty-six inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches, Pnnti*g. two shillings and sixpence 1

For every ream ot paper made in Great Britain for writing, ream; or copper-plate printing, called Small Atlas* of the value of one Small*atlas* pound and ten shillings per ream, and upwards, and not ex- for ditto, ceeding the dimenGons of twenty^five inches by thirty-one * *d. per Inches, two shillings and sixpence fetm5

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, imperial, for or copper-plate printing, called Imperial* of the value of one ditto, 1 9d,

pound and ten shillings per ream, and upwards, and not ex- perieam* ceeding the dimensions of twenty-tito inches by thirty inches

and a quarter, one shilling and nine-pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, super royal; or copper-plate printing, called Super Royal* of the value of for ditto, 7a. one pound and five shillings per ream; and upwards, and not *d. per roam; exceeding the dimenGons of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-seven inches and a half, one shilling and Gxpence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, Loitr m*? or copper-plate printing, called Long Royal* of the value of one for ditto, 1* pound per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimes- per ream; lions of twenty-seven inches and an half by eighteen inches, one shilling:

For every ream of paper made m Great Britain for writing, Royal, for or copper-plate printing, called Royal* of the value of eighteen ditto, 1*. per shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, one shilling:

For every ream of paper made in Great ibr writing, Demy, for

or copper-plate printing, called Demy* of the value of thirteen dittoed, per shillings ter ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimen- ream; lions of seventeen inches by twenty-two Jnche9, reven-perice:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain for writing, short demr or copper-plate printing, called Short Demy or Grown* of the farwriting,^or -value of nine shillings per ream, and upwards, and not exceed- copper-plate

ing 3d.

per ream;

<S6

Anno'v/icdGmo^iartocGtqRai I UK Gnitft[1^84* /ing the dimensions of foumdr( inches byntifcatf. ii&hps ,umd a quarter, orof, fifteen jnchesby twenty inches*iite-penee5

For levcry beam of.p^perrvude in Great Britain for writing. Large f*o, for or COppCr.pjate printing,called of ibtfivalue of four-

rtAms1* P ^eenifiiilkuT^s’^/r xeain,' and upwards, ?rt(d not exceeding the dimentiems of-twemyrthreeihehes andhrifj by.twemy inches end an half, one billing 1

Fori every xeam of paper made in Great Britain Sot mitiogi ditto od per or copper-opiate printing, ^called Small Eanr of the i*ahie, <of nkaki P eleven shillings^rr ream, and upwards, andi anti exceeding, the ^mentions lof twenty-two inches and x tpiartefr by ;thirteen * 'inches, and '.a.quarter, ninewpence: "

For every re^tn of pfper made in r Great farwritiwg.

Elephant, for or copper-plate printing, called, of the value of fifteen

relink d shillings per seam, and upwards, and not exceeding thadiriien-1 / iions. of tbrentyUhree inches by. tvTenty,e^ght Jpches, nine-? -pence: - i

.: For every ream of- paper g made in Great Britain3for bank.ftr bankers bills or notes, allowing two Hits car. notes id <*oh Stc! 1 s!per*: 4hocr, one shilling; -audio in proportion fora greater ocIdler re^mj*; juwWber oft bills or notes in each sheet:

a ^Fnr -every bundle of papermade in Great Britafor prins-

Printing dou* Jag^ called% Double Dewy*of the value of one. poi^adLaod «d pJr*’ 11 eighteen shillings ter bundle, and upwards, and not. e^ccUding bundle; the dimensions of twentyfcfix inches by thirty-<igbt inchest and an half, one shilling and nine-*pence

Fon every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for p rinting, ccalled JUyal, of *he. value of one pound and four: shillings, r°yah t(*. bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding, the dimenfioru of per bun e; nineteeninches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, or of twenty inches by twenty-fixrindies, one shilling and two*

Spence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Inferior,-of the value of fourteen shillings per bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the ;di mentions of nineteen inches and an half by.twenty-four, iqehes.and a. quarter, eight-pence!

For every bundle of paper made in r printio&

called Medium, of the value of one pound per bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen inches by twenty-three inches* tleVen-pencd

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for ptieting, called Demy Single, of the value of seventeen shillings bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, or of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-rone inches and a quarter, ten-pence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for printing, called Demy Inferior, of the value of ten shillings set bundle, and upwards, and net exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches* fixpeoce:

Piinting

Printing royal interior, 8d. per bundle;

Printing medium, 1 id. per bundle;

Printing demy Single, tod. per bundle;

Printingderoy interior, 6d. per bundle;

*84-3 Anno viced Mo'<jvfarto Georgti lit. c. iS. 4

For every bundle of paper t made in Great Britain for printing, Printing dou-called Double Crown, of the value of seventeen shillings per ble crown, 8d* bundle, and upwards, and 'riot exceeding the dimensions of handle* twenty inches by thirty inches, eight-pence.

For every bundle of paper made in Gnat or print- Double crow*

ing, balled Double Crown Inferior, »of the value of twelve (hill-inferior, 7d. ings per-bundle* and upwards, and not exceeding the ditnen- p* bundle $ lions of twenty inches by thirty inches, seven-pence.

For every'bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print- Printing fining, called Single Crown, of the value of thirteen shillings gb crown, sd, bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of Per bundieg ‘fifteen inches by twenty inches, eight-pence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print- single crows ing, called Single Crown Inferior, of the value of eight shillings inferior, 5d.

p/r bundle, and upwards,* and notwxcceding the dimensions of per bundle* fifteen inches1 by twenty inches,five-pence: '

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print- Ptfhring de-ing, called 'Demy Tissue, Of the value of eight shillings per bun* mF 5<

'^Jle* and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seven- per 01,aic* tuen'inches and’an half by twenty-two inches, five-pence;

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print- Crown tissue, ;iftg, czWcd'Crown Tissue, of the value of five IhilHdgs per bun- 3d. per bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen Inches by twenty inches, three*pence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great Britain for print- Printing dou. ‘ittg, called Double Pott, of the virtue of nine shillings per bun-ble pott, *d« die, and upwards, and not exceeding the dittitnfions of feveri- P*f teen inches by twenty-five inches and an half, sixpence:

For every ream of paper made in called Car- Cartridge, 7d.

- fridge,not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches by p«r ream*

twenty-six inches, seven*pence:

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Square Sqwsre cart-Cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches ridge, Sd. and an half by twenty-five inches and an half, eight-pence: per 5

For every ream of paper made in Great, called Car- Small cart-fridge, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a ridge, 6d., quarter by twenty-four inches, sixpence: per ream*

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Eh- Elephant fbdnt Cmmon,not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three $d.

inches by twenty-eight inches, five-pence; Per ream*

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Sbgar blue*.

Bike,1 not exceeding the * dimensions t>f twenty-one in thes and Sd.per an half by thirty-three inches, eight-pence: warn*

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar Sugar blue. Blue Smaller Size, not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen uijSler Size, inches and three quarters by twenty-seven inches, sixpence t 6d*per fca*» - For every ream of paper msfde in Great Britain, called Sugar Ditto, demy Blue Detny Size, not exceeding (he dimensions of feVemecn in- *» 5<h p«r thes and5 an half by twChty-two incheq five* pence: J "ami

For every ream of paper made in Great Britain, called Sugar

Blue fixe, 5d. per ream*

i

<6*

Purple royal, 4 d.per ream;

Blue elephant, 6d. per ream;

Blue royal, id. per bundle;

Blue demy btotfbna, 6 d. per bundle §

Blue crown Single, 3 d. per bundle;

Royal band thick, 4<i. per ream;

Royal hand, 4<l. per buu-die;

X.umber hand, 4d. per bun* die;

Double two pounds, 3 d. per bundle

Single two

pound, id. per bundle;

Middle hand double, 6d. per bundle;

Middle band, jd. personnr

die;

Small hand, double, 4'd, per bundle;

Small hand, a d. per bundle;

Couplet pound and half pound, a d. per bun-

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c.

[1784.

Blue Crown Size* riot exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches

by twenty inches, five-pence: %

For every ream of paper made in Britain called Renal* not exceeding: the dfimenfions of nineteen inches add an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter; four-pence: for every ream of paper made in Great Britain; called She Elephant* not exceeding the di mentions of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, sixpence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great called

Blue Royal* not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a, quarter, eight-pence: For every bundle of paper made in Great called Bhu

Demy and mtjffm* not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches by twenty-two inches, Sixpence:

For every bundle of paper made in Great called Bkt

Crown Single* not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by

twenty inches, three pence:

For every ream of whited brown paper made in tain* called Royal Hand Thick* not exceeding the diroenfioos of twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, four-pence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in taincalled Royal Hand* not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, four-pence:

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Britain called Lumber Hand* not exceeding the dimensions d twenty-three inches by eighteen inches, four-pence t For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great tain* called Double Two Pound* not exceeding the dimensions» twenty-four inches by sixteen inches, three-pence:

For every bundle of whited brown.paper made in tain called Single Two Pound* not exceeding the dimenfiooft of sixteen inches by eleven inches, one-penny

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Britain called Middle Hand Double* not exceeding the dimcnfiooi of thirty-three inches by twenty-one inches, sixpence;

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Britain called Middle Hand*not exceeding the dimenfioos of twenty-two inches by sixteen inches, three-pence x

For every bundle of whited brown paper made in Great Britain* cal lea Small Hand Double* not exceeding the dimeftffts of thirty-two inches by twenty inches, four-pence.:

For every bundle of Whited brown paper made in Great Bn* tain* called Small Hand*not exceeding the dimensions of oitf*

teen inches and three quarters by sixteen. inches; two-pence;

For every bundle of whited brown paper mad* in Great Bn* tain* called Couples Pound and Half not exceeding* dimensions of twelve inches by ten inches, and of ninciod* by fevcq inches and an half, one-penny: _ 1


1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 18.

For every ream of brown paper made in Great called

Imperial Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-nine in* ches by twenty-two inches, four- pence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great called

Havoti Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches

by twenty inches* three-pence:

For every ream of brown paper made in Great call ed Bag Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three in*

ches and an half by nineteen inches, two-pence: " (

For every ream of brown paper made in Great, called

Kentish Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches,

by eighteen inches, two-pence:

For every ream of brown paper made in called

four Pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by sixteen inches, two-pence:

For every ream of brown piper made in Great called

Small Cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by fifteen inches, one penny

For every ream of brown paper made in Great, called

trouble Pour Pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of thirty-three inches by twenty inches, four-pence:

For every bundle of brown paper made in Greot Called Single Two Pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches by eleven inches* two-pence: '

For every bundle of ty-oWn paper made ih Great

call td.Couphs Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the dimen-

fions of twelve inches by ten inches, and of xiine inches by fe-Ven inches and an half* one penny:

For every hundred Weight of pasteboard, millboard, fcaie-board, and gjazed paper, made in Great Britain for clothier^ and hot-preuers, one shilling and sixpence; and after those rates for any greater or less quantity of such papers, paile*. boards, millboards and scaleboards, respectively:

469

Imperial cap, 4<J. per ream;

Havon cap, 3d, per ream,;

Bag dp, id. per ream;

fcentifticap, id. per ream;

Four pound#, id. per.ream.

Small cap, t d. per ream

Double four pounds, 4-d. per ream;

, Single Twb pouHds, id. per bundld£

Couples pound and half pound, id. per buJl-dle;

PaUeboard,

millboard;

Sec. 19.

per hundred Weight.

Which laid several rates and duties upon the said several forts Of paper, and other the commodities last mentioned, to be maker// made in Great Britain, shall be truly paid by the makers thereof respectively, according to the dimensions, denominations* and value, in the several rabies annexed, and herein-before severally described and expressed.

JI. And whereas by the jaidatf, made in the twenty-fir]} year £«cita1 of *« of his present MajestyS reign, ( intituled An act for repealing the Gt0‘ 3'c* present duties uppn paper, pasteboards, millboards, and scale- boards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof,) several rates and duties are imposed the several '

forti of paper made in Great Britain, according to the dimensions, denominations, and values, e^pressed in the said 7, and the several tables thereto annexed; and it is also enacted and declared, That the value*, off ueb paper made in Great Britain, is to pay duty ad valo- remit Jbtyty, in all cases, be taken to be much paper should

b$%>*rtb, t0be so(d so soon as the fame is perfectly made, from time it Voi.'XXXIV. fc k

4 79

The duly to included be io the values of the paper expressed therein*

The power* for levying

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i8« [1784.

time at London, without respect to the duty to bt and whereas doubts have ortjen, whether Jttch bo taken be so much as such paper Jbouldbe worth inchftve of the duty payable

for the fame, or exilujrve thereof: now, for removing such doubts, be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the Values of such paper made ipr expressed in the said act, and in the several tables (hereto annexed, and also the values of such paper made in Great Britain as is to pay duty ad valorem, shall, in all cases be taken to be To much as such paper shall be worth, to be.foldio Toon as the fame i* perfectly made, from time to time, induhve of the duty to be charged thereupon by the said act, and by this act

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several and respective duties by this act impoted upon ®d recower- ass paper, pasteboard, millboard, and Tcaleboard, made ib oJ^hereched* Great Britain, shall, from time to time, be raised, received,

aft at Geo. j. levied, recovered, and secured, by such ways and (beans, and extended to under such management,-and under such penalties and forfei-tbiia£b tures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penal-

ties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and futneA to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the like duties granted', by an act of the twenty-first year of his present Majesty's retgn, intituled. Anal for repealing the present duties upon, Mftr-boards, millboards, and Jcoleboer, in Great Britain, and fee

granting other duties in lieu are by that act to be ram,

received, levied, recovered, or secured} and that the said act} and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein contained, fee the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying^ or accounting for the said duties thereby granted, are and foal v be by force of this act continued, pra&tfed, and put in-ex-

ecution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the duties upon paper, pasteboard* millboard, and fealeboard, by this act granted, and making allowances out of the fame, as fully and effectually, td all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large te*

peated in this present adr.

Ntw duties to

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefrM, he liable to the That the said several and respective rates and duties h^reiQ-be-additional im- fore granted on paper, pasteboard, millboard, and fealeboard, c°^snTl?1, mw*e *n Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to the ackfi-

amoiintthm* rional duties or imposts of five pounds centum, five ponods of, imposed per centum, and five pounds pri;, severally impofoB by by the act* 19 the acts respectively made Fn the nineteenth^ twenty-first, an GeSj*’ twenty-fecontl years of the reign of his present Majesty, upon 21 *5- the produce and amount thereof; and that such additional du-

ties or imposts of five pounds per, five pounds per urt-tum, and five pounds per, (half be raised, levied, collect-

ed, and paid in the same manner, and under the lame rales, regulations, powers, and authorities, ways, and means, penalties

nod

c. 17. Imd s« Geo. j. c. 6tf,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. it. 4

and forfeitures* as the faM additional duties or imposts are by the said acts Of the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign directed to be collected and paid.

V. And whereas tn and by the fold aft it is provided. That no* ftfccitalofpart

thing in the said act contained/boll extend to binder any maker ofpaper of si Geo. 3.

from fending J'uch paper from the mill where made to any other mill, c- relative to he fixed or fnished fit for t ifi,provided leave for that purpose be 2r*tobl^£* first obtained m writing from the commissioners of for the time S, Sec. U

being, and that notice thereof flail have been given to the jffieer of exctje twenty four hours at the Uaftxin order that officer map

attend and take an account thereof: and whereas the obtaining fitch leave in writing front the commissioners of is unnectssary, and

twenty four hours notice to the officer ofis; now* for remedy thereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said act contained shall extend to hinder Forty eight any maker of piper from fending such paper froth the mill

where made to atty other mill to be feed or finithed fit for £e ttfe, provided notice thereof shall have been given to the officer officer of excise forty-eight hours at the lead, in order that such officer may attend and take an account thereof; and provided such pdper be removed with a proper certificate from an offices tof excise, expressing the quality and quantity; and when such paper shall have been so removed to the mill olr place where thd fame is‘to be fiied.ot made fit for use, the same shall be unde? the like directions as to marking and damping, and all other matters and things, as if such paper had been finished and fixed at the mill where made 5 and such paper-maker shall, for the breach of any of the directions aforesaid, be fabje£t to the hkp penalties as he Would have been subject tb if the said paper: had not been removed.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Additional said. That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to dutietuport and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and

upon the fevera) forts of paper hetein-after enumerated, which <0, 17*+, via* shall, from and after the said tenth day of one thou fend licet,

seven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought intd this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective duties herCin-after mentioned; that is td fey,

For every ream of paper called Atlas, ten shillings Atlas# tos.

For cvey, ream of paper called Blue, eight-pence: P«r

For every ream of paper called Brown and Cofi or Blae, sd.

tyhited Brown, four-pence: Brown,

For every ream of paper called Cartridge, eight* pence: 4d.

For every ream of paper called Demy, milling and hide* Cartridge, fid.

pence: Demy, is. *di

For every fesim of paper ealled Elephant, four shillings: Elephant, at.

F*br every team of paper called ImperiAy tea shillings t Imperial, wi.

K k a, For

4 f. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i8« [17(4*

Medium, it. For every ream of paper called one (hiHing and

*d. sixpence:

Foft, is. For every ream of paper called Post, one shilling!

Royal. 4s. For every ream of paper called Royal, four shillings:

Ordinary pa* For every ream of ordinary paper, (not included under either

per. 6d. of the aforegoing heads,) six pence:

Pasteboard. For every hundred weight avoirdupois, of pasteboard, mill-

jjd°^epC# board, and scaleboard; and for every hundred weight of glaz* hundred C£* Paper for clothiers and horpreflers, one shilling and-fix* weight. pence; and in the like proportion for any greater or Id's quantity:

percents im* posed by 19 Geo. 3. c. ac. and si Geo. 3. c. 86.

r UwC* t0ne ^ut*es a be subject and liable to an additio-

addirional five na^ *mP0^ or duty of hye pounds per and five pounds

per centum thereon, which were imposed by two several acts of parliament made in the nineteenth and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, fof granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the ms* nagement of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore*

Import duties That the said duties herein-before granted upon the im* the direction P01*00 of such foreign paper, shall be under the manage* of the comment and direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's cuf-ntifiioners of, toms in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be pail and ^own *n iezdy money without any discount or dedudion what*

in read y paM* f°ever, and shall not be drawn back upon the exportation of tlx money, &c. fame goods; and the said duties shall be raised, levied, collect*

ed, recovered, and paid, in the manner and form, and undtf such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties for such paper ait respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, (except where any alteration is made by this act,) as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, diredi* ons, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enact^ in the body of this present act.

VIII. And whereas Jlanding may have been made befft

the first day of July, one thundred and ij

makers of or dealers in paperfor serving publish

other persons, with paper, to be delivered, in point of time, after tet

virtue o?con* fai<* tenth day °fAugufl, one seven hundred and fifty

tracts traced- Jour5 n IS hereby enacted, That the persons serving such paper ing July 1, after the said tenth day of August, one thousand seven hundred

1784* may and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former contracts, shall be a£?ti?U*’lo* allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon such paper to a enew pr|ce thereof, and shall be intitled by virtue of this act to be paid for the same accordingly.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That all the monies arising by the said additional dudies by

ibis

Persons serv ing publick offices, Sfc

duties to the price thereof.

17*4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i $.

flhb ad imposed upon paper, pasteboard, millboard, and -scale* Monies arising board, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the by the duties fame excepted,) shall, from time to time, be paid into the £x<!he- receipt-of his Majesty's exchequer a \ Wfeparate andqUCr. apart from other duties; and the said money so paid into the Application laid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the thereof, payment of the several tenuities, and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable* pursuant to an acSMof this present session of parliament, intituled An, raffng a certain fumofirj Oneyby way of a and for -

in£ a lottery, > i

TABLES mentioned and referred to by this act.

FIRST TA^E. DENOMINATION. Value per Ream, and upwards. Not exceeding the Dimenlious of Additional Duty per Hearn.

Writing. £ 1. d. Inches Inches s» d.

Imperial — — — a 11 o 22 by 39$ 3 o

Super Royal — — — 1 18 o >9i i9i «7i 2 3

Royal — — — i 9 o H 1 o

Medium — — — i 2 6 *7r I 6

Demy — — — o 16 o »si- 20 I 0

Thick Poll — — o *3 o Si *9* O 9

Thin Poll — — — o 10 o iSi o 7

Small- Poll — — o 7 6 ij4 i6£ o 6

Fools Cap — — — o 9 o 16 J o 6*

Pott — — — o 6 o isi o 4

i i

Kkj

SECOND

Anno vicesimo quarto GkoROII HI C. 18. [1784.

'3T

DENOMINATION.

Writ jkc or Co»*rr-*late PftftfTiBG.

Doable Adas «r

Deray -

Copy, or BaiUrd '

Fools Cap *—

Liitris Foolt C*p —

Pott -w -

G rand Eagle, or Double EJephan Colombier — r-r Adas — — ' -

Ditto ' »* —

Small Atjaa -

Imperial

Super Royal

Long Royal ‘ -

Royal

D^my; -

Short Demy, or Crowns —

Large Fan —* -

Small Fan -

Elephant _ _ -

w«y WtlVV^I

so in Proportion for

freater or lesser Number «. ills or Not?? in each Sheet

THIRD TABLE.

Printing.

Double Demy — -~

Royal -

Royal inferior —

Medium -

Demy Single -

Demy inferior —

Double Crown — w

Double Crown inferior — Single Crown —

Single Crown inferior —

Demy Tissue —

Crown Tissue -

Double Pott —

Value / trReam, and upwards. the Dttmfioesef

£ 1. d Inches Inches

'S 0 0 55 by

0 la 0 isi 20.

O 7 6 IQ 204

r O O 6 -6 0 p >3*

- O 4 0 Iff *5$

t 4 0 0 *6! 4®

2 10 0 *j1 34i

3 0 0 34

2 0 0 ft

- 1 10 0 *5 3>

1 10 0 22 joj

- I 5 0 f9x *74

1 0 0 27* 18

0 18 0 >9i a4

0 3 0 *7 22

C«4 *>i)

P 9 0 I <* C

05 20

0 «4 0 *3* *©4 -

» 0 it 0 *3i

0 1 s 1 i f > 0 a3 *r

fir Ream*

f 18 0 26 by

C. 9* Hi)

1 4: 0 < or f

0© 26 y

► 0 *4 0 1 *94 h4

1 0 0 f 18 *3

Cl7i

- 0 l7 O I } B or I

09i 2iiS

0 10 O *7 4 22

0 *7 O 20 30

0 12 O 20

0 *3 O >5 20

0 8 O *5 20 1

0 8 O *7i 22

0 5 O >5 20 I

0 9 O 1 17

\\perMM

k

- XT*.] Anno vicesimo quarto<5*0*01! III. C.i8.

FUlJKTH t A B L Ji. DENOMINATION. floe exceeding the Dimensions of A«J E

Ordinary and coloured. Inches Inches /

Camidge / — — 21 by 26 c

Cartridge Square - *4* *5* 0

Cartridge r—». — — *9i *4 0

Elephant common — — — Sugar Blue; — — — *3/ *8 0

*1* 33 0

Sugar Blue, (mailer Size ~ — — 18| *7 0

Sugar Blue, Demy Size — — — «7i 22 0

Sugar Blue Clown Si^e »' — - 15 20 r 0

Purple Royal — j ! ' — aji 0

Blue Elephant ’ - — — *3 28 0 per

Blue Royal.,' - *9i 24i O

Blue DemyVd Bloflom — — — *7 22 O

, Blue Crown Single -r — — < FIFTH TAB L E. AVhitid Browns and Browns, >5 20 O

Royal Hand Thick - *4 by «9* 0

Royal Hand — «. —» — v per

H *9i 0

Lumber Hand - *3 18 O

Double Two Pound - — — 16 O

Single Two Pound - Middle Hand double — — — ji ' ] O

33 21 O

Middle Hand - 22 16 0

Small Hand double — ’ — — — 3* 20 0

Small Hand ’ —' - *91 16 0

Ciz 10 )

Couples Pound and Half Pound " — r \ and t ( ©

L9 7i 3 per 0

Imperial Cap - 29 22

Ha von Cap — — — *4 20 0

Bag Cap - *3i >9 0

Kentish Cap — — — ' — Poor Pounds —' -4- ' — — — 21 18 0

20 16 0

Small Cap - 20 13 0

Double Pour Pounds — —* — 33 20 0

Single Two Pounds — — 16 11 per \ 0

Couples Pounds and balf Pound \ \ and I 0

- * Pasteboard, Millboard, *and! Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper for clothiers and Hot Preflers, 19 il 3 PerVi Wi l

' ' Kk 4

476 Anno vicesitnO'quarto Georgii III. c. i$i [4784.S

CAP. XIX -

! Apaft to revive and continue an act made in the twelfth year of tha

- reign of his present Majesty <for encouraging the manufacture

of* leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed

l a certain rate, for a limited time; and for extending federal

I aft: of parliament relative to the manufacture of, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland. -

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the law herein after, mentioned hath by expe~

VY* rience been found useful and a; be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by "and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and byi the 1* Geo. %.c. authority of the same, That,an act made in the twelfth year of jo. revived, t|lfi reign of his of^sent Majesty, (intituled An act for encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate, for a limited time), which was to continue in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 5 which act was by another.*act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, continued for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be revived,

and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in and continued force for the further term of five years, and from thence to the for five year*. en^j of the then next session of parliament.

Reciral of

II. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the ninth year of 9 Anne, c. 11. the reign of her late Majesty Q Anne, An act for

laying certain duties upon hides and skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon v.elJum and parchment, for tli£ term of thirty-two years, for'"prosecuting the war,-and other her Majesty's moil necessary occasions); which act by another fid made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, been made perpetual to his Majesty, his heirs ami successors for ever, but subject to redemption by parliament; is by the first-mentioned act, among other, That in the

1 Jac. 1. c. x*. first year of the reign of King James the, of happy t a

good and wholesome jiatute was made concerning tanners, shoe-makers, curriers, and other artificers in leather, wherein ample, piyvision was made for the true and well tannings, and

working of leather, and for and concerning the buying and ftUing of leather, red and unwrought, open fairs and and for

other matters and things, relating to, as in the said fattens are plainly and largely expressethe due execution whereof hath been

1 and is of great importance to the publick good and service of this

’ realm, and will very much contribute to the taint ng and colUCthn

of the duties by this oft intended to be granted; and it is thereby enacted, That all mayors, and other head officers for the time being, in the several, and market towns of this

realm,

7*4-3 Ashi<» vicesimo quaftoOsoRenIII, g. ig* 477

realm* and the respective lords of l&erties* fair}* and markets* sand

fbe mailersand wardens of the fiver at companies in the find ail -

preffil* and all tanners* carriers,*Jbotmafers* and other

and all and every other per fin and per fens whatsoever* %vf)o are or ought to be-concerned in the execution of the said or give obe-

dunce thereunto* shall (under fab pains* aid forfeitures* as are therein fiver ally expressed)duly entente* objerye* and comply

with the fame statute* and alltheclaufes* and things therein

contained* in relation to the tanning* dr effing* trying* fialing*registering* or other matters concerning leather* other

than such as have been altered by any law or that time

made and now in forte; and whereas doubts have been made whither the before recited claufi* and so much of the said ail of King James the First as is therein mentioned and re-cnaited* does extend to that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, and by means whereof the duties upon leather in that part of the said united kingdom are greatly lejfined and impaired* by reason of per font who pfethe art or mystery of tanning of leather* at the same time ereifing the croft or myjiery of/boemakers* or other cutters

of leather* contrary to the true intent and meaning of the before mentioned and in part recited ail of King James therefore,

for the putting an end to such doubts for the future, and for the better and more effectully securing the duties due and payable to his Majesty upon all hides and skins tanned and dressed in that part of the said united kingdom, be it declared and ena$* jtti-by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said act of Such part of fbe hrft year of the reign of King James the First as is recited 1 J?c* and re-enacted in the before mentioned act of the ninth year of n

the reign of Queen Anne* does, and always did extend to all declared’ to and every part of the said united kingdom; and that no person extend to or persons using or exercising the ’ mystery or trade of tanning *ycry P* of leather, by himself, or by any other person or persons what- Great Dntam« soever, shall, during the time that he shall so use the said mystery or trade of a tanner, occupy, exercise, or use the craft or mystery of a shoemaker, currier, butcher, or of any other arti-. ficer using or exercising the cutting or working of leather, upon pain to forfeit and lose all and every such hide and hides, (kin and skins, so by them, or any of them, wrought or tanned during the time that he shall u(e or exercise the mystery, trade, or craft of tanning, or the just value thereof, and the further sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; and that so much of the aforesaid act of the first year of the reign of King James the First as is recited and re-enacted in the before mentioned act of the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne* shall be construed and taken to be, and is hereby

declared to.enure and extend to all and every part of the said united kingdom of Great Britain* in as full and ample manner,

form, and effect, to all intents and purposes, (except such part thereof as has been altered by any law or statute since that time made and now in force), as if the said act of the first year of the reign of King James the First, and every clause, matter.

47$ Anno viceftlto iptoto GWKOn HI. C.

[1714.

and thing the feta contained, Was or were herein again parties larly repeated and re-enacted and that all provoifts, baHlies, and all other ehief officers of burghs, and batHiee of royito, and other head officers for the time being in the fevers! cities* burghs, and market-towns tn that part Of the said united king* dom of Great Britain called Shetland, and tanners, carriers* shoemakers, and other artificers, and all and evrty^fhcf person and persons' whatsoever, who are or ought cfe he concerned in x the execution of the find statute, or give obedience thereunto*

shall, under such pains, penalties* jm« forfeitures, at are therein fereralty exploited, doily execute, ebfeTve* and comply tith y the said statute, and all the clanfes, matters, and things therein contained,' in rclifion to the taftning,' dressing, making, buying, felling, trying, sealing, regHlering, or other matters concerning leather, (other than such as have been altered by ant law or statute since that time made and now in farce), as rally and 'effectually, and with the fame powers and authorities, to all intents and purposes/as if the said provosts, haHi&s, and other officers Iaft before mentioned, and every of them, had been particularly named and described in the said act of the first year of the reigri of his majesty King the First, herein-before recited* ‘

CAP. XX.

An act for altering and amending an oil of}ho thirteenth year aftha

retgn of his present Majest, An act for appointing

wardens and a nay mailers, for allaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham; so far as relates to the food town Sheffield.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an ait cf parliament was made the thirteenth

Recital of ij * P* of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act Geo. 3. c. 5a. for appointing wardens and allay matters, for afiaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham; the of-

foyer- of wrought plate, appointed or to be appointed in thereof, within the said town of Sheffield, is authorised and impow end to demand and take, of and from every person to the aftay office belonging to tbt company of guardians by the jot d act for the said town #/* Sheffield, any piece or of wrought plate, to be qjpeyed, tried, and marked, such prices, ferns of money, or rewards, as the assayer think ft, exceeding the suns of one Jhidingfor every pound troy* and so p*oportionabiy fee every greaser or Ujs quantity and mod arthe said prices, fonts of money, or rewards, allowed to be taken as aforesaid, are inadequate to the trouble attending the affdybtg and marking offmall pieces of plate, and hsufficient to defray tbt neaf fary expences of the a (say officein the said town of Sheffield j and it is nuessary that greater prices, fonts of money. Or rewards, Jhtmldhe allowed to be taken for aJfaymO and marking small pieces of plate; may it therefore pteafe your Majesty that it may be exuded 'and be it enacted by the King’* mod excel teat

owelty,

»784-3 Aone quart© <£*o*um IQ. a. a*. 473.

mtiefty, by and with tbs advice and consent of the lords fptri* tiwu and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That k shall be Prices allowed lawful for the assayer of wrought plate appointed or tq be appointed by virtue of the feida#, within the said town of $bef 3ff£l2g field) to aw, demand, take, and receive, of and from all and nJfctar overy^person and perfaiis Who shall from time to time bring to wrought the a(fey office within the said, town of Shfffield, any small pieces P*1* of wrought plate to’ be assayed, tried, and marked, according to the directions of the said recited act, ffich prices, sums of money, or rewards, as the company of guardians of the said assay office shall thinh fit, and shall from time to time, at any of their meetingaafeeirtain and order to be taken and received, so as. such prices, Aims of money, or rewards, do not exceed the rate of Axpence for the afbying, trying, and marking, any one dozen of such small pieces of wrought plate, fitch dozen not exceeding in weight fix ounces troy} and that the prices.

Aims of money, or rewards, allowed to be taken by the said recited, or this present act, shall be paid and applied in and towards the support of the said afiay office, and towards payment of any debt or debts already or hereafter to be incurred

on account thereof, and of the e^pences of obtaining and passing this present act, in such manner as the said company of guardians shall order and direct; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it is by the said recited enafifd. That if any working silversmith, or dialer in wrought jar any worker nr

dealer in any other metal plated or covered with, or cause to be Jlrucky any letter or letters, upon any or other thing*

wade of metals plated or covered with fiber, or upon any metal fel, or other thing* made to look like fiber, personor persons so

offending shall be subject to the penalty therein $ and doubts

Save arisen whether a manufacturer of goods plated with fiver eon

Of may Jfirike his name upon such goods> without incurring the find penalty; and by reason ef such doubts the m of goods -

fd with fiber have been deterred, from sinking their names upon fluted goods whereby a properdistinction betwixt plated goods of the different manufacturers is prevented) and all emulation in that branch Of business is desireyed $ to the certain and manifest prejudice of the said manufactory: for, obviating such doubts, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful fos any Manufeftur-mamifadurer of goods plated with silver within the said town tr» of pitted of Sheffield) or within one hundred miles thereof, to strike, otJpojk cause 10 be struck, upon any metal vessel or thing, plated of"mtbe»r covered with filter, his or her fumame, or, in case of any part-. nership, the name or firm of fixch pannership, and aHo feme mark, on the mark, figure, or device, to be struck at the end of (och for- goods, with* name, or other name or firm; such mark, figure, or device, °j£ not being the feme, or in imitation of any mark, made use of tj|e kSt% by any afiay office established by law for allaying of wrought Geo. 3. plate, without being subject to any penalty or forfeiture for so

doing 1

So

Karnes to be In legible cha* riders; and mark! to be approved of by the guardians, and regii ftered at the office.

Manufacturers using a name or mark not registered, or belonging to others to be subject to a penalty.

[Publick act.]

[Preamble.]

Anno v5ccfimo. qi»rto Georgii III. <J. 21. [1784.

;doing; atiy thing in the said to the contrary hereof nottith-'(landing. '

III. Provided nevertheless, That every stich surname, or

name, or firm, as aforesaid, shall be inf plain ind legible cha-rafters, and (truck with one punch only5 and every such mark, figure^ or device, shall, before the fame is made use of, be fob. mitted to the examination of the said company Of guardiahs of the tyd Sheffieldaffay office, and be approved of by them at

some of their publick meetings, and registered in a hook, to be kept for that purpose j for which regfltry there shall be lawfully demanded and taken, from any manufacturer of plaied goods on whole account’ such registry shall be made, the sum of two shillings and sixpence, and no more.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared/ That in case any manufacturer or manufacturiers of plated goods within the said town of Sheffield, or within one hundred miles thereof, shall at any time hereafter (trike any name, mark, figure, or device, upon his plated goods, which shall not have been previously registered at the said assay office for the said town of Sheffield^ or which shall have been previously registered at the said office by any other manufacturer of plated goods, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and p3y, to the said wardens, the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered in like manner as any penalty or forfeiture is, by the said recited act,^ authorised or directed’to be recovered, and to be applied ’as a’ny'other money is herein-before directed to

'be applied.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whom foe ver, without specially plead? ing the fathe,; '

CAP. XXI

An act for the prefirvation 'and enc of the hat

within this realm, by preventing', the exportation of British hafi

skins, British hare wooly and British coney, and all undrejfid; or untawed British coney skins, and for preventing any of the

skins from being Jlained or dyed; and for the hair into this kingdom, dutyfree* '

WHEREAS British bare wcoU and British coney an principal articles 'used in hat, 'and articles

1X s'are-of tbqy growthor produce of England, far 'excel that of any

ether country w quality; by reajoti a ad of the grot -

’ lence to tubith the bat manufacture hath been brought in this kingdom

English hats have bad great preference, quantities of them hate been heretofore exported to foreign; but

of late several foreign fates have efabhjhtd this

kind, ondy mflead of taking from this kingdom fas heretofore they have been 21 fed -do)?.they not only detain their own ceutnydities, i which

f 7&4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i;

which heretofore have been usually importe but they also purchase and take from us our raw Britt fh hare Jkiand British coney, British bare wool, and British coney wool, the

laws of this realm, they are at liberty to do, on paying a trifling duty an the exportation thereof, whereby the hat manufacture of this king* dom (on which the JuppoH of many thousands of British fabjects pends) is materially injured, and the fold foreign manufactures bene* sited and supported: and whereas goats hair, or Turkey goats Wool, is also an article much used in the flat manufacture, great Quantities of it have heretofore been imported into this kingdom, which alwayi paid a duty of sixpence per pound, or thereabouts, an

whereas our rivals in the hat manufacture permit the same to be imported into their respective countries duty-free, by reason wheteof only Very small quantities of it have lately been imported into this kingdom} for remedy and prevention of those several evils, and to the intent that the halt manufacture of this kingdom may be preserved and encouraged, by prohibiting the exportation of all British hare skins, and British hare wool, and British coney wool, and all undressed or untawed British coney skins, and By permitting goats hair, or Turkey goats wool, to be imported into this epun* try duty-free; may, it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s.most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person PromAugii* or persons whatsoever, from and after the twentieth day of 1714* noper-.^tf/?, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred fol|lh*llex-Smd eighty-four, shall directly or mdirectly export, transporr, Sftharefk"* ship off, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, bare wool, o? transported, shipped off, carried or conveyed, out of or from coney wool, the kingdom of Great Britain, into any foreign realm,'dates, or or undressed dominions, or into any parts or places whatsoever beyond the coney seas, any British hare skins, or parts or pieces of any such skins, or British hare wool, or British coney wool, or any undressed or untawed British coney skins, or parts or pieces of any such skins whatsoever; or shall direCUy or indirectly load, or cause to be or load any loaden, upon any horse, cart, or other cattle or carriage, or horseorcart, load or lay on board, or cause to be loaden or laid on board, of *c-therewith, or in any ship, vessel, 6r boat, in any place or ports within or TOrttheSnwI belonging to this realm, any British hare skins, or parts or pieces thereof, or any British hare wool, or British coney wool,

or any undressed or untawed British coney skins, or any parts of pieces of any such skins, to the intent or purpose to export or .... transport, ship off, carry or convey the fame, or cause the same to be exported, transported, shipped off, carried or conveyed Out of the kingdom of Great Britain, or out of any port or place belonging thereto, or with intent or purpose that any person or persons whatsoever should so export, transpoh, ship off, cariy or convey the fame out of the said kingdom, or into any foreign parts or places whatsoever, 4

JL And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all

and

48. Anno riccffrijo quarto Georgii III. c. i r.

[1784.

Penalty dB and every the offender and offenders, offence and offences aford-(aid, shall be subject and.liable to the respective pains and pe-offentes. laities and forfeitures herein after mentioned; (that is to say)i the said British hare (kips, or any parts or pieces of any such skins, and Britishhare wool, and coney' wool, anduii-dressed or tmtawed British coney skins, or any parts or pieces of any such skins fb exported, transported, shipped off,* or car* tied, conveyed, or loaden, contrary to the true intent and Cleaning of this act,' shall be forfeited, and the same shall &ftd may be seized and prosecuted by any officer and officers of his Majesty's customs, and the owner or proprietor, (hipper, or exporter, of such goods, shall, for ejach and every offence, forfeit five hundred pounds; and every mailer and mariner of such ship, vessel, or boat, oq which such goods shall be laden, drid every person whatsoever, knowing such offence, and willingly aiding and afllfting the rein* shall, for cadi and every offence, forfeit and pay forty pounds*

III. And, imfmktb as the horeby made for the Prefer*

patio*rf Use aforesaid British /kins and British coney

the bat manufactory may be invaded, and in a groat miojurt

dered ineffectual by the faming or dyin for preven-

tion whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, from Aug. That no person or persons whatsoever, from and after the said *o» no twentieth du* of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall diredfiy or indirectly ftaio or dye, or cause, procure, any Bmih differ, or pwn\% to be stained or dyed, any hare skins,

bare &i*s or or parts or pieces of any such skins, or any British coney skins, con? £?' °*Parts o* places of any such skins whatsoever, within the king-thtrcofSth ^>m Great Britain* on forfeiture thereof, together with aty the nachmet, and every the machines or other utensils wherein any of the &£ and aUb aforesaid skins, or parts or pieces of skins, shall be stained dr *oL dyed, together with all the apparatus to them and evety of them

belonging, to be seized and prosecuted as herein-before directed; and that every of the offender and offenders therein, and all and every person and persons whomJbeVer aiding and assisting the rein, mall forfeit and pay, for every offence, the sum of twenty pounds,

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-Ftnaldes and said. That the several penalties and forfeitures herein*before in-farfeitures ftidted, shall be one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-covei^ and*" caffors* an<* ot^cr moie such officer or officers of the

applied, customs who shall foe gnd prosecute for the same *and shall and may be recovered in the same manner, and by the same rules and regulations, as other penalties and forfeitures are recovered by any act or acts of parliament for preventing frauds in his Majesty's revenue of the customs*

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Llmitatic® of That if any action, bill, plaint, suit, or information, shall be a&iqpu* commenced or prosecuted against any person for what he shall do in pursuance of this act, such action, bill, plaint, suit, or information, (shall be brought and prosecuted in the county where

the

17*4.1 Anno vicesimo qttarto GsoJtetl lit c.aa, 23. 4*1

the cam<c of adUon doth arise, and not in any other county or

place; and the person Jo sued shall and m*y file common bail,

or enter into a common appearance, and plead the general issue General iflut.

not guilty, ao,d, upon issue joined, may rive this act and the

focctal matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor

(nail become nonsuit, or suffer discodti nuance, or if a vcrdidt

shall pass pgainst'liim, or it upon demurrer judgement pads

against hint, the defendant shall recover treble co£s, and hdvft Treble eeftt.

the like remedy ft* the fame at the defendant or defendants

hath or have in other cafea by law.

VI. And* for the better eiuouragement of the hat mantifaQury^f this kingdom* to the intentthat goats hair* or T urkey goats woof*

may hereafter he imported into tpisxountry duty-free* be it further enacted by the authoritjraforefcid, That all and erery duty and After Aug.to, duties, of what nature or kind soever, payable to his Majesty, *7?4» &* his heirs or successors, by any act or acts of, parliament, for or upon any goats hair, or Turkey goats wool, imported into the duty-free* kingdom of Great Britain* from and after the &id twentieth day oiAuguft* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four shall ceale'and deternpune, and be no longer paid or payable,

T - \

Cap. nn-.

T, , j r. -

An Act for enabling fir Albtoo Lever todifpofo of hit tbufetiJfb* Sraow exhibited at Leicester House, by way of chance*

See Mr. Ooa's museum, and the Adelphl, in if7j, Sir XAlton Lever bid powered to dispose of his museum by lottery, without being liable to any penalty. Sum to be nuffd not to^tnceed s?>8doh end number of tickets 3<t,oca To advertise such fate by £ec. *5,17S4* and before bey fell. See. any tickets, with an accouift of the pieces composing the rau-feim, in the Xoridon Gazette* 4 To consist of one prize, to be determined by the lottery of 17*,' if it coo lifts of ;6gooO tickets or opwards. If no Lottery in 17S5 that>A*U consist of jfjeoo tickets, then by a private lot* tery, after Feb. s, ai\d before March x$, 1786* under the inspection of the honourable Defines Barrington, Bamber Gascoigne junior esquire,

Thomas Stanley esquire, John Blackburn esquire, and Thomas Butter-worth Bay ley elqoire, or any three of them, and the first number to be the prize. Upon fitch advertisement, the property to vest in the trustees,

[Publick act.]

Sir Aihtoo Lever to take the profits till the fide. Power to elect new trusteet.

CAft XXIII.

An act for further continuing, for a limited time* an act made in the twenty‘third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing certain instruments froin being Required from ships belonging totbe United States of America* and-to give to his Majesty, for a limited -time, certain powere for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty’-s dominions* and the inhabitants of the said United States, Further continued till April 5,

*?‘j- :.

48*

[Preamble.]

Prom Sept. ?, 1784.9 the following dutiet shall be raised upon all bricka and tiles made in Great Britain, t*be paid by the maker thereof; videlicet.

For all bricks, »’*. 6 d. per 1,000;,

Plain tiles,

3 s. per xoooo;

Pan or ridge tiles, 8 s. per 1,000}

Paving tiles, small, is. 6d. per soo;

Ditto, large, j*. per 1.00 {

and all other tiles, 3 s. per x,oooo.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 024[1784.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for granting to His Majesty certain rates

bricks and tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional duties on bricks and tiles imported into the

Most gracious Sovereign;

WE, yciur Majesty *s tiioft dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament a (Tern bled, towards railing, by the most easy means, the riecefiary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, hive freely dnd voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties and sums of money herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice, and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a lie m bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four,

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain9unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon all bricks and tiles made in Great Britain, payable and to be paid by the maker or manufacturer thereof, the rates and duties herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For and upon all bricks, by whatsoever name or names they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, a duty of two shillings and sixpence for every thousand, and to in proportion for any greater or left quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name o i Plain Tiles, a duty of three shillings for Every thousand#

and so in proportion for any greater or left quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name of Pan or Ridge Tiles> a duty of eight shillings for every thousand, and fd in proportion for arty greater or left quantity: For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten inches square, a duty of one shilling and sixpence for every hundred, and so in proportion for itiy greater or less quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name of Paving Tiles, exceeding ten inches square* a duty of thrye shillings for every hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or left quantity: /

For and upon all tiles, other than such as are herein-befors enumerated and described, by whatsoever name or names such tiles now are or hereafter may be called or known, a duty of three shillings for every thousand, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

II. Ani

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24. 485

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all All bricks bricks and tiles of the several forts or descriptions upon which anc?1° any duty is by this act payable, and which shall be prepared or g r

preparing in the custody or possession of any maker or mariu- shall be liable facturer of bricks or tiles respectively, and (half not have been to the duties, burnt and finished in the kiln or clamp, on of before the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

four, shall, and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the several and respective duties by this act granted.

III. And, for the better aftert(lining, charging, tolle fling,

levying, and securing, the said rates or duties by act and

preventing frauds therein, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the rates or duties by this act made payable Duties to be upon bricks and tiles, made or manufactured in Wales, under the

or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (half be under the receipt and nJanaSemfnt management of the commissioners and officers of his Majesty's mimonerTof revenues of excise in England for the time being; and the rates excise. or duties by this act made payable upon bricks and tiles in Scotland, shall be under the receipt and management of the com-tnifiioners of excise iri Scotland for the.time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said first day of September, one thou- Brick or tile ftnd seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every person and makers to persons whatsoever, who shall make or manufacture any brick* ^e n®*,c^at or tiles, within the kingdom of Great, chargeable with of* heir names

the said duties by this act imposed, (half, before he, she, or and places of they, shall begin to make or manufacture any such bricks or abode, tiles, give or leave notice in writing at the office, of excise next th5K to the place or places where such bricks or tiles are intended to De*in ma in be made, of their respective names and places of abode, and of the (beds, workhouses, or other place or places where such bricks or tiles are Intended to be made or prepared for making; and as often as such makers pr manufacturers of bricks or tiles shall change their places of making, manufacturing, and preparing bricks or tiles as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall give or leave the like notice of their respective names and places of abode, and the (heds, workhouses, or other place or places, where he, she, or they, shall respectively intend to make, manufacture, or prepare any such bricks 'or tiles as aforesaid, before they do presume to make, manufacture, or prepare, any such bricks or tiles, as aforesaid, in aqy fufh new or other place or places, upon pain to forfeit the sum of one hundred on forfeiture pounds, for every neglect or default in not giving such notice °*100 * as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Bricks md That all bricks or tiles chargeable with the said duties by this tile? to be act granted, shall be, from time to time, taken an account of, charged with and charged with the said duties by the proper officer of excise, ^ilftUtheyare whilst such bricks or tiles shall be in the operation of drying or drying, and hardening in the field, (hed, or other place or places where the before reraovr fame shall be made or pcepared* after being turned out of the to the

Vo 1. XXXIV. LI moulds, kJn*

486

Penalty on obstructing officers.

Ten in every hundred to

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24. [1784.

moulds, and before removed to the kiln or clamp for burning; and if any miker or manufacturer of bricks or tiles, or his, her, or their workmen, or other person or persons, ftull molest* hinder, or obstruct, such officer of excise, in taking an account of the number, kind, and qualities, of such bricks or tilts, in that or^any other stage of the operation of preparing, making, or tiniffiing such bricks or tiles, he', (he, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aH and every officer and officers of excise shall, and they are hereby required, in charging the duties upon bricks and

afte^&c^Stiles as aforesaid, to allow to the respective makers or manu-*a c> c* facturers thereof, In their returns or reports of the several quantities of bricks or tiles, made by such respective makers or ma-nufa<Sturers thereof, ten bricks or tiles in every hundred of such bricks or tiles respectively, which such officer or officers shall charge upon the respective makers or manufacturers thereof, when charged in the field, (hed, or other place, before burnt; which said allowance is hereby declared to be a full compensation for all waste, loifes, or damages whatsoever,

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Makers who That if any person or persons who shall make any bricks or dies shall remove chargeable with the said duties by this act rmposed, shall re-pricks or^tiles m0vej carry, or fend away, or cause or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any bricks or tiles, to the kiln, clamp, or other place for burning, from or out of the field, filed, or other place where they shall be first put or placed to dry or harden, after being turned out of the mould, and before the

to the kiln before the officer has charged the duties, shall forfeit the

and

fame and also P^P*1* officer of excise shall have taken an account thereof, 50l.} charged the duties thereupon, he, she, or they, shall forfeit the

sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and that all and every the bricks and tiles so carried away, and being found in the possession of aby brickmaker, tfiemaker, or other trader or dealer therein, or any person or persons for the use of such brickmaker or tilemaker, or trader or dealer therein, shall bi forfeited, and may be seized, or the value thereof, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety for the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the seizer or informer, except where

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person the officer or persons who are or shall be makers of bricks or tiles shall be nTuke an^ac- ^jedt to the penalty or forfeiture above imposed for removing count thereof" bricks or tiles, if the proper officer of excise shall foil to take an account thereof, on due notice given him for that purpose three days before such removal.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons making any bricks or tiles as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep such and so y many of the said bricks and tiles as shall not have been surveyed

ficer^ufbe anc* ta^en account of by the proper officers in that behalf, kept separate separate and apart from all other bricks and tiles which fh^I from others, have been surveyed and taken an account of by such officers, oa

Bnckt and tiles not fur veyed, &c. b

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24. 487

pain to forfeit, for every neglect or default therein, the sum of fifty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the said makers or manufacturers of bricks orpena|tyon tiles shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealing concealed, any bricks or tiles in any part of the operation of any bricks or preparing, making, or finishing the fame, with intent to de- t,lc* wh‘l« fraud his Majesty of his just duties thereon by this aCfc granted, JJrde^wde-then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall for- fraud his Ma-feit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence; and all jetty, such bricks or tiles as shall be found so fraudulently hid or con* ceded shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (eized by any officer, or officers of excise.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the officers of excise shall, at all times, be officers may permitted to enter Into the fietcls, (beds, and other places where enter the any bricks or tiles shall be preparing or ’making, and take an fields, fords, account of the kinds and qualities thereof, and shall thereof bricks^r^ile make a report or return so the respective commissioners of ex- ar^uuking, eife, or such persons as they respectively shall appoint to receive and take an the fame, leaving a true copy (if demanded) in writing of such account reports or charges, under his hand, with or for the said maker thereof, &c. or manufacturer of bricks or tiles; and such report or return shall be a charge upon every such maker or manufacturer of bricks or tiles respectively 5 and if the said officer shall refJfe or neglect to give or leave a true copy of his report or charge at the time of taking such account, being demanded as aforesaid, every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings to every such maker or manufacturer.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of, one Makers,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every maker six weeks, to and makers of bricks or tiles, whereon a duty is chargeable by ter, at the this act, shall, once in every six weeks, make a true entry in

writing at the next office of excise, of all such bricks and tiles bricks and as have beeq by him, her, or them, severally made within every tiles made by such six weeks respectively; which entries shall contain the just them; and true kinds and Quantities thereof, distinguishing the different forts under the several and fcspective denominations aforesaid; and if fudi brickmaker or tilemaker be not the true owner of such goods, or any of them, then and in every such case he, she, of they, in every such entry, shall specJfy the names and places of abode of the persons who are the owners thereof, or for whose account they respectively do make the fame, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect of such entry, the sum of fifty pounds; which entry shall be made upon the oath of the maker :>r makers thereof respectively, or of his, her, or their chief vorktnan employed, to the best of their knowledge or belief, jnleis he, she, or they, be a known Quaker, and in such case lie solemn affirmation ol.a known Quaker to the same effeCfc shall be taken instead of such oath; and the oaths and affirma- L12 tions

488

But not obliged'to go further than the next market toVvn.

Dufies to be paid every six weeks.1

Persons ob-It ruling officers,

to forfeit 50l.

Bricks and tiles, implements, &c. li able to the duties in ar« rear.

Bricks or tiles, for which the da

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24. [1784.

tions to verify such entries shall and may be administered by the proper collector or supervisor of the distrirt or division within which such bookmaker or tiiemaker doth inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be taken for the fame. Provided always, That no person, for the making of such entries, oaths, or affirmations, as are lad mentioned, shall be obliged to go or fendyfurther than the city or market town where his or her bricks or tiles are made, or the next city or market town to the place of making the faipe.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the person or persons who shall make such bricks or tiles respectively, as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, within six weeks after he, she, or they, shall make, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off; all the said duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all such bricks or tiles as shall have been made by him, her, or them respectively, as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein, double the sum of the fame duties whereof the payment shall be so neglected; hnd that no such person or persons, after such default in payment made, shall deliver or carry away, or cause to be delivered or carried away, any such bricks or tiles, until he, she, or they, have or hath paid and cleared off his, her, or their duties, on pain to forfeit double the value of the goods so delivered or carried away.

XIV. And be it further enacted the authority aforesaid, That if any maker or manufacturer of bricks or tiles, or his, her, or their servants or workmen, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall molest, obstrurt, or hinder, any of the said officers in the execution of the powers or authorities given by this act, the offenders therein, for every such offence, (haE forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all bricks and tiles, and the materials for making the same, and

all tools, implements, and utensils used in or for making the same, in the custody of any such makers of bricks or tiles respectively as aforesaid, or of any person or persons to the use of or in trust for them, or any of them, shall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with, all the debts and duties in arrear and owing by such makers of bricks and tiles respectively, for any bricks or tiles made by him, her, or them, or in his, her, or their fields, (heds, or places as aforesaid, and shall be alfa subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such- person or persons so making such bricks or tiles as aforesaid, for any offence against this art relating to the duties on such briefcs or tiles; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy debt's and penalties, and use such proceedings as may lawfully be done by this art, in relation to such goods and things, in case the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au«

thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

i any

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24.

4*9

any person or persons who shall have actually paid his Majesty's tie* have been duties by this act payable for any quantity of bricks or tiles Pa,d» whatsoever, and to and for any other person or persons who exporte

shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to, any such quantity of bricks or tiles from the said person or persons who actually paid his Majesty's duties for the fame, to export such bricks or tiles to any parts beyond the seas, by way of merchandize, giving sufficienr security. Wore the shipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantity of bricks or tiles which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the fame, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain; which security the customer or collector of the respective port for such exportation is hereby directed and authorized to take in his Majesty's name, and to his use.

XVII. Provided always, That if after the shipping any such penalty on re-bricks or tiles to be exported as aforesaid, and the giving or ten- landing <lering such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allow- bucks, &c. ance or drawback Kerein-after mentioned, the bricks or tiles so ^£0,^0^ shipped to be exported, or any of themi shall be relanded in

any part of Great Britain; that then, and in every such case,

over and above the penalty of the bond, 'which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's use, all the bricks and tiles which shall be landed, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled. That any person or persons ex-

persons who shall export any bricks or tiles to any parts beyond porting brickt the seas, shall or may make proof upon oath, (or upon affirm- and tl,es» a"d ation, being Quakers), that the duty on such bricks or tiles j*1.

hath been paid or secured according to this a cl (which oath or ties have been affirmation the collector who received the said duty is hereby paid, Sec. (halt required and impowered to administer); and thereupon the said receive a cer-colie&or for the said duty upon bricks and tiles shall give to [h/collector* such person or persons, gratis, a certificate or certificates, exprelTing the kinds and quantities of such bricks or tiles, and the

duties paid or secured to be paid for the same, pursuant to this a &; which certificate being produced to the customer or col-which shall be lector of the port where the said bricks or tiles shall be exported, delivered to and oath or affirmation as aforesaid being also made by the ex- Jbi customer porter before the said customer or collector of the port (who is exportation* hereby also authorized and required to administer the same with- *.

out fee or charge), that the bricks or tiles so exported are the fame mentioned in the said certificate; then the said customer who shall or collector of the port where such bricks or tiles shall be ex- thereupon ported, shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, expref- £,vc 10 the sing the true quantity of the bricks or tiles so exported; which debenture, debenture being produced to the collector appointed to receive which wihin-the said duties on bricks and tiles in such coumy or place where him to 9 the said bricks or tiles were exported, he shall forthwith pay the drawhack. aid duty which shall have been received upost this a£ to the persons so exporting the fame, or their agents; and if such col-cdtor shall not have money in his hands to pay the same, then

L 1 3 _ the

490 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24. [1784.

the said respective commissioners of excise are /hereby reauired to pay the said debenture out of the duties upon bricks and tiles arising by this act; or if the duty on such bricks or tiles so eat-ported were only secured and shall remain unpaid, then thf feme shall be discharged upon the securities for the same.

XIX. And whereas Jlanding contracts may have been

the first day oj June, one thousand seven hundred and

Persons serv- by makers or manufacturers ofbricks or tiles, for other -ing bricksor jon^ with bricks or tiles to be delivered in point of time after the said Sept* 1 1784 firJ} of September, onet seven hundred and, in pursuance it is hereby enacted, That the persons serving such bricks or of contracts tifes after the said first day of, one thousand seven

previous to hundred and eighty-four, in pursuance of such former contracts, add*he r.y a^owe^ to a^d the duties hereby charged upon such

tic* to the bricks or tiles to the price thereof, and shall be intitled, by virtue 'price thereof, of this act, to be paid for the same accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The powers That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, for-established by feitures, clauses, matters and* things, which in and by an act

S*rr* *’ wade in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, railing and intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and

recovering the and tenures in capite, and by knights, and purveyance 3 and

duties there- for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any extended* other law now in force, relating to his Majesty's revenue of ex-ihUact. to c,k upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided and established for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other ' penalties or provisions are made or prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties hereby granted upon bricks and tiles, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, were particularly repeated in this present act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

, Penalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the said forfeitures duties by this act imposed upon bricks and tiles made or manu-covered^ahd" ^a<^urec* *n Great Britain, as aforesaid, shall be sued for, levied, applied.* recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, means, an<^ methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or Jaws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster* or in the court of session, court of judiciary,* or court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, as aforesaid; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture (not otherwise appointed by this act), shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

1784! the fol-

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority lowing addi- aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid,

i;ri?4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24. 491

tp and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for tiond duties and upon the several goods herein after mentioned, which shall, Paid 0,1 from and after the said first day of Septembeone thousand seven tioVoPencks hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this and tiles* kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all customs, fob- videlicet, tidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, the several and respective duties following; that is to say,

For and upon all bricks, by whatever name they now are, or Bricks,*. 6d. hereafter may be known, the sum of two shillings and sixpence per 1,000 for every thousand:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Plain tile*, y§, name of Plain Tiles, (except gaily tiles) the sum of three Ihil- per 1,000* lings for every thousand

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Pan tiles, 8*. name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, the sum of eight shillings for every p«r i,oooo; thousand:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Paving tile*, name of Paving Tiles, not exceeding ten inches square, the sum * of one shilling and sixpence for every hundred, containing five per 1005

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the Ditto, large, name of Paving Tiles, above ten inches square, the sum of three 3»* per 100* shillings for every like hundred

Ana for and upon all tiles, other than such as are here’m-be- and all other fore enumerated and described, by whatsoever name or names t,le8» 3 s* P* such tiles now are, dr hereafter may be called or known (except ,*00°* gaily tiles), the sum of three shillings for every thousand, and in those proportions for any greater or less quantity.

And the said duties shall be also subject and liable to an addi- Duties to be tional import or duty of five pounds per centum, and five pounds liable to the pit eentumthereon, which were imposed by two several acts a-scent^im-

parfiament made in the nineteenth and twenty-second years of pose^byVj*11" his Majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty additional duties Geo. 3. c. 15; upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the - and * Geo. 3. speflive commissioners of customs and excise in Great Britain. c. 66‘

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties herein-before granted upon the Importation importation of such foreign bricks and tiles, mall be under the duties to be management and direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's n^Yeement customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid of the com-down in ready money, without any discolint or deduction what- missioner* of soever, and mall be drawn back upon the exportation of the customs* fame goods; and the said duties and drawbacks shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same manner and form, and under such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, le- and to be -vied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where fame* tqy alteration irmadc byrhrs atf), as fully, to all intentr-and manner as the

(core:

LI4

purposes, former dunes.

49*

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2f.

[1784.

purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, pennies, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all monies arising by and in respect of the rates and duties hereby granted and imposed, (the necessary charges of railing and accounting for the fame.excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westwnn-JUry separate and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of ex-, chequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences asiare directed to be, paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An a certain

sum of money by way of annuities, and for a

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued,

may plead the molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or general issue, executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and givq the special matter in evidmee for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Defendants

and have treble costs

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East India company, and of the British possejjiom India; and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effect

tual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies.

[Preamble.]

T? O R the better, government and security of the territorial JP possessions of this kingdom in the East Indies, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and coi^sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of His Majesty the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s irapowered to majesty, his heirs and successors, by any commidion to be issued appoint fix under the great seal of Great, to nominate and appoint

cUlors^be f°ch Persons> not exceeding fix in number, as his Majesty shall commissioners think fit, being of his Majesty's most honourable privy council, f6r the affairs of whom one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of date fix of India; the t*,me being, and the chancellor of the exchequer for the time being, shall be two, to be, and who shall accordingly be commissioners for the affairs of

JI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

i Art!uk _^tmrt0XjEORGll III. C. 25. 493

any number, not less than three ,of the said commission- Three of

£11 form a board for executing the several powers which, whom shall or any other aIt, shall be vetted in the commissioners to,ma 0

1.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said secretary of who shall be te, and, in his absence, the said chancellor of the exchequer, president, id, in the absence of both of thenr, the senior of the said other ommissioners, according to his rank in seniority of appointment, shall preside at, and be president of the said board; and Powers of the that the said commissioners shall have, and they are hereby in- coroaiiffiua-vested with the superintendance and controul over all the Bri- eis* tish territoriaf possessions in the Eoft In, and over the affairs of the united company of merchants trading thereto, in manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the members President to present at the said board shall at any time be equally divided in have the cast-opinion, in respect to any matter depending before them, then, ,nS vole* and in every such case, the then president of the said board shall have two voices, or the catting vote.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- His Majestf ful for the King’s majesty, his heirs and successors, from time revoke to time, at his and their will and pleasure, to revoke and determine the commission aforesaid, and from time to,time cause any new commission or commissions to be sealed as afore- point new said, for appointing any other person or persons, being of his commUHon- Majesty's most honourable privy council, of whom, one of his cr8*

Majesty's principal secretaries of state, and the chancellor of the exchequer, for the time being, shall always be two, to be commissioners and members of the said board, when and so often as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall think, fit, so that the number of commissioners therein to be named shall in no wife exceed the aforesaid number of fix.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said board shall be Government fully authorised and impowered, from time to time, to superin- *f the^BrhiS tend, direct, and controul, all alts, operations, and concerns, territorial which in anywise relate to the civil or military government or possessions in revenues of the British territorial possessions in the East, Inf1J1a* fubic^ in the manner herein after directed. troulVTthe

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said secretary of board, slate for the’time being shall nominate and appoint such fecre- Secretaries* taries, clerks, and other officers, as shall be necessary to attend &c. to attend upon the said board, who shall be subject to difmittion at the *hc boa,^» pleasure of the said board; and that all proceedings whatsoever ^intS suidT" to be had by or before the said board shall be entered in proper paid. books; artd that the said secretaries, clerks, and other officers,

shall be paid such salaries as his Majesty shall, by warrant under iiis sign manual, direct.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Members of members of the said board, before, they shall proceed to alt in the board to the execution of any of the powers or authorities to them given he sworn. by this act, (faive only the power of administering the oath after

mentioned).

494

Anno vicesimo qn>»u», G£oIR51i Ui.'c, [ 17S4-

mentioned), shall severally lake and subscribe the following oaths (that is to say) s

The oath. T A.B. do faithfully promise and swear, That, as a

X or member of the board for the affairs of India, I wrU give my best advice and afjifianee for the good government of the British pcffef-Jtons in the East Indies s and wiU execute the feverqI powers mi trusts reposed in me, according to the best of my JhH and judgement, puitbout favour or affection, prejudice or, to any person whatsoever. "

Secretaries, See. to be sworn.

Which said oath any two of the members of the said board shall, and are hereby impowered to administer; and the hid oath shall be entered by the said secretary araongst the aAs of the board, and be duly subscribed and attested by the members thereof, at the time of their taking and administering the fiune to each, other respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several fecrejaries, clerks, and other officers of the said board, shall also take and subscribe, before the said board, such oath of (ccrecy and office as the said board shall direct.

X. And, for avoiding any doubt which may, whether the

ct place of a commissioner of the said board for the affairs of India,

or of a secretary to the said, be within the

contained in an act of the ffxtb y of the reign of Queen Anne, ta~ 6, Annae, c. 7.' tituled, An act for the 1‘ecurity of her Majesty's person and government, and of the succession of the crown of Great Britain in the Protestant line; or whether the appointment of any such -

missioner or secretary, being a member or members of the am*

mans,shall vacate his or their feat or feats in that house 5 be it further enacted and declared, That the said respective 'offices,1 places, or appointments of a commissioner, or of the chief secretary of the said board for the affairs of, to be made under the authority of this act, shall not be deemed or taken to eeffrom being be within the latent or purview of the said act of the sixth year elected mem- of Queen Anne, whereby to disqualify any such commissioner or chief secretary from being elected, or fitting or voting as a member of the house of commons; nor shall the appointment of any such commissioner of chief secretary, if a member or members of the said house, vacate his or their feat or feats in the said house; any thing contained in the said act of the fixtfc year of Queen Anne, or in any other ad, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XJ. And, to the intent that the said board may be duly informed of all transaflions of the said company, in respect to the management

of their concerns in the East Indies; be it further enacted, That furniAedwith l^c members of the said board shall, at alt convenient times, copies of, any have acoefs to all papers and muniments of the said united enm-papers be- pahy, and shall be furnished with such ext rads or copies there-the °*» as th*y from time to time require; and that the court of directors of the said united company shall, and they are hereby

Neither the commissioner*, nor their chief secretary, disqualifi-

bers of par Uameat.

Members of the board to have access to, and to be

India company,

1784.] Anno vicesimoo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 495

by required and directed, to deliver to the said board copies of Court of di-act minutes, orders, resolutions, and other proceedings, of all general and special courts of proprietors of the said company, board copies and of the said court of directors* so far as relate to the civil or of all minutes, military government or revenues of the territorial poflef- &c. of courts

fion* in the East Indite within eight days after the holding of °* ProPr such respective courts; and also copies of all dispatches which re&ors^ie-the said directors, or any committee of the said directors, shall Utp to the receive from any of their servants in the, immediately government

after the arrival thereof; and also copies of all letters, orders, °£ r5lrtnuc# and instructions whatsoever, relating to the civil or military go- toriafpolfcf. vernment or revenues of the British territorial possessions in the lions, &c.

East Indies, proposed to be sent or dispatched, by the said court of directors, or any committee of the said directors, to any of the servants of the said company in the East Indies; and that and (hill obey the said court of directors of the said united company shall, and ail orders re-they are hereby required to pay due obedience to, and shall be Jb^board^ governed and bound by, such orders and directions as they shall from time to time receive from the said board, touching the civil or military government and revenues of the territo-

rial possessions in the East Indies.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, within fourteen days Copies of tet-after the receipt of such copies lad*mentioned, the said board ten, to be shall return the same to the said court of directors, with their approbation thereof, subscribed by three of the members of the said board, or their reasons at large for disproving the fame, together with instructions from the said board to the said court of iire<5lors in respect thereto5 and that the said court of directors shall thereupon dispatch and (end the letters, orders, and instructions, so approved or amended, to their servants in without further delay, unless, on any represen tat ion made by the said directors to the said board, the said board shall dire<& any alterations to be made in such letters, orders, or inductions j and no letters, orders, or indr unions, until after such previous communication thereof to the said board, shall at any time be sent or dispatched by the said court of directors to the East Indies, on any account or pretence whatsoever.

XIII. And, for the readier dispatch of the civil and military -

citrus of the said united company y be it further enacted, That when- clause reliever the court of directors of the said united company shall tive to fending neglect to transmit to the said board their intended dispatches ^patches to on any Yubjetf, within fourteen days after requisition made, it *nUu* shall and may be lawful to and for the said board to prepare and send to the directors of the East India company (without waiting for the receipt of the copies of dispatches intended to be sent by the said court of directors as aforesaid) any orders or instructions to any of the governments or prehdencies aforesaid, concerning the ciyjj or military government of the terri-

tories and possessions in the East Indies \ and the said director* shall, and they are hereby required to t ran Unit dispatches in the uiual fbfm (purfcant to the tenor of the i^d order* and instruc-

tions

496

Court of di? rectors, on receiving orders from the board not connected with the government and revenues of the territorial possessions, may appeal to l)i$ Majesty in council.

Matters requiring fe-crecy may be lent by the board to the lecret committee, who shall t ran Trait their orders to India agree* able thereto.

Directors to appoint a fe-ertt committee}

who are to Vranltnit to the governments in India duplicates of such secret orders sent them from the board, &c.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25.[1784.

tions so transmitted to them} to the respe<5Hvc governments and presidencies in India9 unless, on any representation made by the said directors to the said board, touching such orders or infractions, the said board shall direct any alteration to be made in the fame; which directions the said court of directors shall in such case be bound to conform to.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said board

shall fend any orders or instructions to the said court of directors, to be by them transmitted to, which, in the opinion of the said court of directors, shall relate to points not connected with the civil or military government and revenues of the said territories and possessions in, then, and in any such case, it shall be lawful for the said court of directors to apply, by petition, to his Majesty in council, touching such orders and instructions 5 and his Majesty in council shall decide whether the fame be, or be not, connected with the cjvil or military government and revenues of the said territories and possessions in India5 which decision shall be final and conclusive.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if the said board shall be of opinion that the subjc<St matter of any of their deliberations, concerning the levying of war making of peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the native princes or dates in India9 shall require secrecy, it shall and may be lawful for the said board to fend secret orders and instructions to the secret committee of the said court of directors for the time being, who shall thereupon, without disclosing the fame, transmit their orders and dispatches in the txfua! form, according to the tenor of the said orders and instructions of the said board, to the respective governments and presidencies in India; and that the said governments and presidencies shall pay a faithful obedience to such orders and dispatches, and shall return their answers to the same, feiled (under cover} with their respective seals, to the said secret committee, who shall forthwith communicate such answers to the said board.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of directors of the said united company for the time being, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to appoint a secret committee, to consist of any number of the said directors for the time being, not exceeding three; which secret committee shall, from time to time, upon the receipt of any such secret orders and instructions concerning the levying of war or making of peace, or treating or negotiating with any of, the native princes or dates of India9 from the said commissioners for the affairs of

hdiay as are herein-before mentioned, transmit to the respective governments and presidencies in India a duplicate or duplicates of such orders and instructions, together with orders in writing, signed by them the members of the said secret committee, to carry the fame into execution ;* and to all such orders and instructions, so trhnsmitted, the several governments and presidencies in India are hereby required to pay the same obedience

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 457

dience as if such orders and directions had been issued and transmitted by the court of directors of the said united company. '

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared The board by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained not to appoint shall extend to give unto the said board, the power of nominat- any servant* ing or appointing any of the servants of the said united com- °^the coltt" pany; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- pan^‘ Handing.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the of- The first va-fice of any one of the counsellors of the presidency of cancy of a William in Bengal (other than the commander in chief) shall be- £ounr5jJ?, J.at come vacant, by death, removal, or resignarion, the vacancy so {half not be^ happening shall not be fu*pplied by the said court of directors, supplied by but the said supreme government shall from thenceforward con- the court of lift of a governor general and three supreme. counsellors only; directors, and that the commander in chief of the company’s forces in

India for the time being, shall have voice and precedence in council next after the said governor general; any thing in any former aCKof parliament contained to the contrary notwith*

(landing.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the government of qiauferelative the several presidencies and settlements of Fort Saint George and to thegovern-Bombayshall, after the commencement of this act, consist of a ment of Fort governor or president, and three counsellors only, of whom the and Bombay-commander in chief in the said several settlements for the time being shall be one, having the like precedence in council as in the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, unless the commander in chief of the company’s force in India shall happen to be present in either of the said settlements; and in such case the said commander in chief shall be one of the said counsellors, in-(lead of the commander in chief of such settlement; and that the said commander in chief of such settlement shall during such time have only a feat, but no voice in the said council.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the court of directors Court ofdi-of the said united company shall, within the space of one calen- re rs to ap-dar month next after the passing of this a<SI, nominate and ap- Joran/two^ poinr, from amongst the servants of the said company in, counsellors of or any other persons, a fit and proper person to be the gover- Fort St. nor of the said presidency or settlement of Fort Saint, George; and two other fit and proper persons from amongst the said servants in Indiaj who, together with the commander in chief at

Fort Saint George forahe time being, shall be the council of the fame presidency or settlement; and that the said court of and a govern* directors shall also, in like manner, and within the time afore- or, &c. of said, nominate and appoint fit and proper persons to be the Bombay, governor and council of the said presidency or settlement of Bombay, under the fame restrictions as are herein-before provided in respect to the governor or president and council of Fort Saint George.

49*

Governor general. &c. to have the catting vote.

His Majesty, by writing under hit figtt manual,or the directors, by writing under their hands, may recal any governor general, or other officer, from India.

How vacancies of offices in India shall be supplied.

Commanders in chief not to

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25.

[17

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case The mem'xi present at any of the boards or councils of f;-

Saint George, or Bombay, shall at any time be equally divided: opinion in respef! to any matter depending before them, tfcn and in every such case the said governor general, or the gcra-nor or president, as the case may be, shall have two voices, 7 the carting vote.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it (half and buyh

lawful to and for the King’s majesty, his heirs and focce&r by any writing or instrument under his or their sign mitrc. countersigned by the said secretary of (late, or for the co<l~j directors of the said united company for the time being, writing under their hands, to remove or recal the prefer: 3 any future governor general of Fort William at or

of the members of the council of Fort William aforesaid, or of the governors or presidents, and members of the coirn of the presidencies or settlements of Fort Saint George and Brr bay, or of any other British settlements in, or anyc:u£ person or persons holding any office, employment, or comr Jton, civil or military, under the said united company nr Z:i; for the time being; and to vacate and make void all and or or any appointment or appointments of any person or perk to any of the offices or places aforesaid; and that all and or the powers and authorities of the respective persons so retard or recalled, or whose appointment shall be so vacared, (hx cease or determine at or from such respective time or ritear in the said writing or writings shall be expressed and dir edr provided always, That a duplicate or copy of every such vr* ing or instrument, under his Majesty's (ign manual, attelW"' the said secretary of (late for tire time being, shall, within days after the same shall be signed by his Majesty, his hein-fticceflbrsj be transmitted or delivered, by the said secretan date, unto the chairman or deputy chairman for the rime bck of the said united company, to the intent that the court of £ re&ors of the said company may be apprized thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any n-cancy or vacancies of the office of governor general or prefitfc', or of any member of the council, shall happen in any of the presidencies aforesaid, either by death, resignation, or real, £ aforesaid, then and in such case the court of directors 01 tit said united company shall proceed to nominate and appoint. fit person or persons to supply such vacancy or vacancies foa amongst their covenacted servants in, except to theofo of governor general, or the office of governor or presidentct Fort Saint George or Bombay, or of any commander in chief, e which several offices the said court of directors shall be liberty, if they shall think fit, to nominate and appoint other person or persons respectively.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, TO the said commanders in chief, at each of the said jxefcfendo

[4.] Anno Ticesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25; 499

etfivdy, shall in no case succeed to the office of governor succeed to eral or president of Fort William, Fort Saint, or of the office of

t^,unless thereunto specially appointed by the court of direc-; of the said united company; but that in case of the vacancy fajentat Fort the said offices of governor general or president respectively, William, &c. m no person shall be specially appointed to succeed there- unlessfpeci-0, the counsellor next in rank to such commander in chief Uy Wanted I succeed to such office, and hold the fame, until some c Irec* sr person shall be appointed thereunto by the said court of uftors,

{XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if directort :n and so often as the court of directors shall not, within negletf to sup-space of two calendar months, to be computed from the p!r whereon die notification of the vacancy shall have been re- aTitf red by the said court of directors, proceed to supply the le, then and in any such1 case; and so often as the fame (halt >pen, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-rors, to constitute and appoint, by writing under his or their a! sign manual, (under the fame restrictions and regulations ire herein-before provided, with respect to the nominations I appointments made by the said court of directors,) such son or persons as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall v ok proper to succeed to and supply the respective office or ce, offices or places, so vacant, or from which any person or fons shall be so recalled or removed, or whose appointment appointments shall have been vacated and mr.de void as resaid; and that every person or persons so cor^stituted and jointed, shall have and be invested with the fame powers, vileges, and authorities, as if he or they had been nominated appointed by the said court of directors, and shall be sub- to recal only by the King’s majesty, his heirs or successors

I thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Directora may lat it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of directors aPP°j.nt

the said united company, if they shall so think fit, subject to [o*bc offices*; like limitations and restri£ions as are herein-before enabled, of governor pedling the persons qualified to be appointed members of the geperal or ^eminent of the respective settlements of the said united com- president, ty at Fort William, Fort Saint George, and, to ap- George or int, from time to time, fit and proper persons to succeed, in Bomtay. e of vacancy, to the several offices of governor general or pre-ent of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or commander in chief the said company’s forces at any of the said settlements, or TOber of any of the said councils; and such appointments pectively at their pleasure again to revoke; but that no per-) so appointed to succeed to any of the said offices, in case vacancy, shall be entitled to any salary, advantage, or allowed whatsoever, by reason of such appointment, until fdch peris re(p«61ively shall take upon themselves the offices to which -y shall so respectively have been appointed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

joo Anno vicesimo quarto Geo£GH III. c. 25.

[1.784.

Temporary said, That when and so often as the number of members of counsellors any of the said councils of Fort, Fort Saint Gttqt

h°* aP' or Bombay, shall? by death, or absence, by reason of ficlc-KrTwtaiam ne^s or otherwise, for fourteen days be reduced to two, induct-gte. ing the governor general or preGdent of such council, the person who shall stand senior in such proviGonal appointment as is hereinrbefore mentioned, or in case there shall be no such appointment, then the Tenior civil servant of the said company upon the spot, shall be called to such council, and shall have a voice therein in like manner as if he had been appointed thereunto by the court of directors of the said company, and shall hold such office in case the vacancy shall have happened by death, until a successor thereunto shall be appointed by the said court of directors; or if such vacancy shall have happened by absence or Gckness, until the return or recovery of such sick or absent member; and that all persons so exerciGng the office of a counsellor at any of the said preGdencies shall be intitled, for the time he shall so hold the fame, to the like advantages, as if he had been thereunto permanently appointed by the said court of directors.

Resignation of

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no reGgnationto the office of ,be made of the offices of the governor general, or governor or SeraY &c so* Pre^ent any l^e subordinate settlements, or commander beta writing. *n chief, or member of the respective councils of any of the said preGdencies in India, shall be deemed or construed to be legal or valid, or shall be accepted as such, unless the fame be made by an instrument in writing under the hand of the officer or person reGgni ng the same.

Order*,&c. of

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no order or refold the court of tion of any general court of the proprietors of the said united directors, ap- company shall be available to revoke or refeind, or in any re* Eoard* no^tef fPe£* to any order, resolution, matter, or proceeairu,

be revoked by e said court of directors, by this act directed or authorial a general to be made or done by the said court, after the same shall have

court. been approved by this said board, in the manner herein-betbrt

directed; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Part of act at

XXX. And be it further enacted, That so much and fudi Geo. 3.C. 65, parts of an act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his repealed. present Majesty, as directs the court of directors of the W united company to deliver to the commiGioners of the treasury*

, or to the high treasurer for the time being, or to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of (late, copies of any letters# orders relating to the management of the revenues, or the civil and military affairs of the said company 5 and also all such powers and authorities given to or vested in the proprietors and directors of the said united company, or in any general of special court thereof respectively, in and by any act of parliament or charter, as are contrary or repugnant to this act, # any thing herein contained, shall be, and the lame are hereby repealed; any thing contained in any act or charter, or any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

5 XXXI. And

I7M Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. £ot

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the governor gene- Governor ra! and council of Fort William aforesaid shall have power and neral and authority to superintend, controul, and direcSt the several prellr council of deacies and governments now or hereafter to be erected or efta- ?ort wjUum* blished in the East Indies by the said united company, in all such points as relate to any transactions with the country pow- controul^ll ers, or to war or peace, or to the application of the revenues or the other go-forces of such presidencies and settlements in time of'war, or yernmentsbe-any such other points as shall, from time to time, be specially to the

referred by the court of directors of the said company to their oniPany* superintendance and controul.

XXXII. And) in order to prevent the emharrajfment and - Directions re-culty which may arise from any question, whether the orders or lative to or-instr unions of the governor general and council of Fort William j!ers

relate to other points than those aforesaid, be it further enacted, vi?i7flar^rto That notwithstanding any doubt which may be entertained by the other the said presidencies or settlements to whom such orders or in- governments, structions shall be given, respecting the power of the governor general and council to give such orders, yet the said presidencies or settlements shall be bound to obey such orders and directions of the said governor general and council in all cases whatever, except only where they shall have received positive orders and instructions from the said, court of directors, or from the secret committee of the said court of directors, repugnant to the orders and inilructions of the said governor general and council, and not known to the said governor general and council at the time of dispatching their orders and instructions as aforesaid; and the said governor general and council shall, at the time of transmitting all such orders and instructions, transmit therewith the dates of, and the times of receiving, the last dispatches, orders, and instructions which they have received from the court of directors, or from the secret committee of the said court of directors, on any of the points contained therein: and the said presidencies and governments, in all cases where they have received any orders from the said court of directors, or from the secret committee of the said court of directors, as aforesaid, which they shall deem repugnant to the, orders of the said governor general and council of

and which were not known to the said governor general and council at the time of dispatching their orders and instructions as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit copies of the fame, together with an account of all resolutions or orders made by them in consequence thereof, to the governor general and council of Fort William, who shall, after the receipt of the fame, dispatch

such further orders and instructions to the said presidencies and settlements as they may judge necessary thereupon.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the governor ge- Directions re-

neral and council of Fort William aforesaid, and the several specting the presidents and counsellors of Fort Saint George and, shall, consideration

at their several and respective boards and councils, proceed, in ^several*C the first place, to the consideration of such questions and bufi- boards in ness as shall be proposed by the said governor general or prefix India.

502 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

dents respectively 5 and when and so often, as any matter or question shall be propounded at any of the said boards or councils, by any of the counsellors thereof, it shall be competent 1 to the said governor general and presidents respectively, to post-

pone or adjourn the discussion of the mattes or question so propounded to a future day: provided always, That no such adjournment shall exceed forty-eight hours, nor shall the matter or question so proposed be adjourned more than twice, without the consent of the counsellor who originally proposed the same.

XXXIV. And whereas, to pursue schemes of and

' fion of dominion in India, are repugnant to the wish, tbt

honour, and policy of this nation; be it therefore further enacted oif authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Tort William governor general and council of Fort aforesaid, without

not to declare the express command and authority of the said court of direc-war a gain It tors, or of the secret committee of the said court of direc-

*ower^unless tors» *n any ca^e (CXCCP* where hostilities have actually been authoViied by commenced, or preparations actually made for the commence-the directors, ment of hostilities, against the nation in, or against

(Exception.) some of the princes or dates dependent thereon, or whose territories the said unitecKcompany shall be at such time engaged by any subsisting treaty to defend or guaranty) either to declare war or commence hostilities, or enter into any treaty for making War, against any of the country princes or dates in or any treaty for guarantying the possesstons of any country princes or dates; and that in such case it shall not be lawful for the said governor general and council to declare war -or commence hostilities, or enter into treaty for making war, against any other prince or state than such as shall be atftually committing hostilities, or making preparations as aforesaid, or to make such treaty for guarantying the possessions of any prince or state, but upon the consideration of such prince or state actually engaging to a(Iift the company against such hostilities'commenced, or preparations made as aforesaid; and in all cases where hostilities shall be commenced or treaty made, the said governor general and council shall, by the rood expeditious means they can devise, communicate the fame unto the said court of directors, together with a full state of the information and intelligence upon Which they shall have commenced such hoflilitief, or made such treaties, and their motives and reasons for the fame at large,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the governors or presidents, and counsellors, of Fert Saint George and Bombay, or of any other subordinate settlement respectively, tfc make or issue any order for commencing hofti-

tfo governor or president, &c. of any subordinate settlement

shall issue any fities, or levying war, or to negociate or conclude any treaty

vying war Pe*ce’ or other treaty, with any Indian prince or state («-

&c (except in fcPt *n ca^es of sudden emergency or imminent danger, when

cases of emer- it shall appear dangerous to postpone such hostilities or treaty)

gency) unless unless in pursuance of express orders from the said governor

thye°Jnwrnor nera* anc* council of Port William aforesaid, or from the M me governor

17?+.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. - joj

court of direSors, or from the secret committee of the said general, court of dire<dors;, and every such treaty shall, if po(fibIe,.con-FortWil-tain a clause for subjecting the same to the ratification or rejec- ,iam» or *}»« tion of the governor general and council of William afore- ^rt0^direc» (kid: and the said presidents and counsellors of the said prefi- r*' dencies and settlements of Fort Saint George and, or

other subordinate settlement, are hereby required to yield due obedience to all such orders as they shall from time to time re-spedfively receive from the said governor general and council of Port William aforesaid, concerning the premises.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That alt and Angular subordinate the said presidents and counsellors who shall wilfully refuse to presidents and pay due obedience to such orders and instructions as they shall counsellors deceive from the said governor general and council of Fort dilobeying the

William, as aforesaid, shall be liable to be suspended from the fei drover nor exercise of their respe<5live offices or powers, by order of the general, &c. said governor general and council of Fort William; and all may be fuf-and every of them are hereby further required, constantly P«nded.

and diligently to transmit to the said governor general and They are to council of Fort William aforesaid, true and exact copies of all orders, resolutions, and acts in council, of their respective go- ^council to # vernments, presidencies, and councils, and also advice and in- the said gp-telligence of all transactions and matters which shall come to vernor gene* their knowledge, material to be communicated to the gover- ra,» ^c* nor general and council of Fort William aforesaid, or which the said governor general and council shall from time to time require.

XXXVII. And whereat very large sums of money are claimed to

be due to British subjectsby the nabob of Arcot, in the recovery whereof it is expedient that such affflance be given them as shall be confident with the rights of the said united the fc-

curity of the creditorj, and the honour and dignity of t he said nabob;'

be it enacted, That the court of directors of the said company Court of (half, as soon as may be, take into consideration the origin and rectors to tak* justice of the said demands, as far as the materials they are in into consider-possession of shall enable them to do; and that they shall give such orders to their presidencies and servants abroad for completing the invedigation thereof, as the nature of the case shall jeas on the require, and for establishing, in concert with the said nabob, nabob of such fund for the discharge of those debts which shall appear to Arc01* be judly due, according to their respective claims of priority, as shall be confident with the rights of the said united company,

the security of the creditors, and the honour and dignity of the said nabob.

XXXVIII. Andy for settling upon a permanent foundation the

present indeterminate rights and pretensions of the nabob of Arcot and the rajah of Tanjore, with respect to each be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the court of directors and also the of the said united company shall take into their immediate con- «fifpute»be-(ideration the said indeterminate rights and pretensions, and and the

take and pursue such measures as in their judgement and difere- rajah of Tan. (ion shall be bed calculated to ascertain and settle the fame, ac- jore.

/ Mm2 cording

5°4

be taken into consideration by the director*,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

cording to the principles and the terms and stipulations contained in the treaty of one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, between the said nabob and the said rajah.

XXXIX. And whereas complaints have, that divers

rajchsy zemindars, polygars, ta, and other native landholders

within the British territories in India, have been unjustly deprived ofy or compelled to abandon and, their respective jurisdictions, rights, and privilege, or that the, rents, and

services required to be by them paid or performed for their possessions to the said united com, are become grievous and oppref-

five: and whereas, the principals of justice and the honour of this country require that such complaints should be forthwith inquired inf

and fully invefiigatea, and if founded in truth effectually redrejfed

Complaints of be it therefore enacted, That the court of directors of the said rajahs,zeroin- united company shall, and they are hereby accordingly requir-he^LkSt into ®d, forthwith to take the said matters into their fenous consideration, and to adopt, take, and pursue such methods for enquiring into the causes, foundation, and truth of the said complaints, and for obtaining a full and perfect knowledge of the fame, and of all circumstances relating thereto, as the said court of directors shall think bed adapted for that purpose; and *n?evarir s re- hereupon, according to the circumstances of the respective cases drcflw!CC8r foid rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other

native landholders, to give orders and instructions to the several governments and presidencies in India, foe effectually re-dressing, in such manner as shall be confident with, justice and the laws and customs of the country, all injuries and wrongs which the said rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders, may have sustained unjustly in the manner aforesaid, and for settling and establishing, upon principles of moderation and justice, according to the laws and constitution of India, the permanent rules by which their respective tributes, rents, and services, shall be in future rendered and paid to the said united company, by the said rajahs, zemindars, polygars, talookdars, and other native landholders.

XL. And,to the end and intent that the British establishments in India, as well civil as military, be regulated and for the greater securify of the fate, the advantage of the and the benefit of the said united company; be it enacted by the authority Allthecom- vfox&i&y That the directors of the East India company shall

pany’s efta- take into their immediate consideration the respective establish* bli foments, ments, civil and military, of their several presidencies and set-

civil or mili- tlements in India9 and give such orders as the case will admit, tobctakeni*n- ^or evcrY practicable retrenchment and reduction in the fame; to considera- a°d shall aMo require, from the said settlements and presidencies tion by the respectively, such farther information as may be ueceilary to directors, who furnish them with a knowledge of the state of such establish-mafticablere- ments> together with full, minute, accurate, and particular trench me nt$ lifts and accounts to be dated, of all the offices and employ-and redudti* ments on the civil establishment of the said united company in ons therein. India, and of all the forces within the several Brihjb settlements

in

505

«7^4.] Anno vicesimo quarto GeorgnHI. c. 25.

In the pay or service of the said united company in dif-

tinguishing the different bodies, nations, or people which compote the fame, and the salaries and emoluments appertaining to all and every of the said offices and employments, and the pay and emoluments of the commissioned and non-commissioned officers and private men in the army there, ?s well in peace as in war, together with the opinions of the respective governments and presidencies, what method or system can be adopted, for the better regulation as well of the said offices and employments as of the said forces, for retrenching unnecessary expences, and for introducing a just and laudable oeconomy in every branch of the said civil and military departments: and the court of directors of the said united company shall, as soon as may be after the receipt of the said lifts and accounts, take the fame into their confederation, and thereupon, by their order, declare what offices, places, and employments, as well civil as military, will In their judgement be adequate to the support of the honour and dignity of this kingdom in the East, and the safety, defence, and security of the British possessions there; and make and transmit to the said presidencies and settlements complete and perfect lifts of the said offices, places, and employments; and specify and direct the rate and quantum of the respective pay, salaries, and emoluments to be hereafter allowed in respect thereof by the said united company, as well in peace as in war: and the said court of directors shall, and they are A lift of all hereby required, within fourteen days after the commencement offices,'&c. of every session of parliament, to bring before the two houses ,n thf c^,n* of parliament a perfect lift of all offices, places, and employ- bh^ments in ments, in the civil and military establishments of the said unit- India, to be ed company in the East Indies, with the salaries or pay, and laid before the emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said two houses of company in respea thereof. ' parliament.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That until the said several Restritf ions

lifts of the Offices, places, and employments shall have been on the direc-made and established as aforesaid, the said court of directors i.or8jrcIative to shall be, and they are hereby prohibited from appointing or fending to India any new servant, civil or military, under the degrees of the respective counsellors and commanders in chief; and after such lifts shall have been perfected and established, the said court of directors shall in no wife appoint or send out any greater number of persons to be cadets or writers, or in any other capacity, than will be actually necessary, in addition to the persons on the spot, to supply and keep up the proper complement or number of officers and servants contained in the said lifts, according to such returns of vacancies as the proper officers of the said company shall, from time to time, transmit from India to the said court of directors.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Regulations commencement of this act, all promotions and advancements relative to of the officers and servants of the said united company in India, a 9 well civil as military, in, their respective tinea or professions, India*

Mm3 under

fending new servants to India.

jfO$ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

ynder the degrees of the respective counsellors and commarKl-- ers in chief, shall be made according to seniority of appoint* jnent, in a regular progressive succession, unless any of the said governments and presidencies shall, on any very urgent occasion, by a vote in council, fee cause to deviate from the said general rule hereby directed to be gbferved; and on every fuel} occasion the said government or presidency shall cause a full and perfect entry to be made upon their minutes of confutation, specifying all the circumstances of the c^fe, and their reasons and inducements at large for making such deviation, and shall transmit the same to the said court of directors, by the first of- portunity that shall occur, for their order and direction therein; and that all nominations and appointments to be made repugn pant or contrary to the directions of this act; whether the same shall be made by the court of directors of the said united company, or by any of the said governments or prfefidencies, (save and except in cases of urgency as aforesaid,) shall be null and void.

At what age

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the cadets may be passing of this act, no person shall be capable of acting, or of sent to India. ^eing appointed or sent out by the said court of directors to the Enjl Indies, in the capacity of a writer or cadet, whose age shall be under fifteen years, or shall exceed the age of twenty-two years; and that no person shall be capable of acting, or of being appointed or sent out in either of such capacities, until he shall have procured and left with the secretary of the said united company, or of the said court of directors, a certificate of his age, under the hand of the mini (ter of the parish in which he was baptized, or keeper of the regidry of the fame; and that when no such registry shall exist or can be found, an affidavit of that fact shall be made by the party, with his information and belief that his age is not less than fifteen years, and doth not exceed twenty-two years; and such affidavit shall and may, if the said court of directors shall so think fit, be received and left with the said secretary in the dead of such certificate i provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the said court of directors from appointing any persons to be cadets, who shall have actually been pne whole year commission-cd officers in his Majesty's service, or in the militia, or fencible men, when embodied and espied out into actual service, or from the company of cadets in the royal regiment of artillery, and whose age shall not exceed twenty-five years, firitUh subjects

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all his Majesty's amenable to subjects, as west servants of the said united company as others, a&donein b.e» and are hereby declared to be, amenable to all courts

India. of judice (both in India and Great Britain) of competent juris-diction to try offences committed in Indiax for all 3&s, injuries, wrong!, oppressions, trespasscs, misdemeanors, crimes, and of* fences whatsoever, by them or any of them done, or to be done or committed, in any of the lands or territories of any native prince or date, of agaipd their person} or properties, or the

5°7

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25.

the p^rfons or properties of any of their subjects or people, in the same manner as if the fame had been done or 'committed within the territories directly subject to and under the British government in India.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the demanding or Receiving of Receiving of any sum of money, or other valuable thing, as a presents to be gift or present, or under colour thereof, whether it be for the dee^ed ex-tafe of the party receiving the fame, or for, or pretended to be XiXedw for the use of the said company, or of any other person, whom- u»ch. soever, by any British subject holding or exercising any office or employment under his Majesty, or the said united company In the East Indiet, shall be deemed and taken to be extortion,

And shall be proceeded against and punished as such, under and by virtue of this act!; and the offender shall also forfeit to the King’s majesty, his heirs and successors, the whole gift or present so received, qr the full value thereof.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Court may the court or juristlidfion before whom every such offence shall order presents be tried, shall have full power and authority to direct the said to he return-present or gift*, or the value thereof, to be restored to the party edj &c* who gave the fame, or to order the whole, or any part thereof, or of any fine which the court shall set on the offender, to be paid or given to the prosecutor or informer, as such court in its discretion shall think fit.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Part of ad 13 aforesaid act of the thirteenth year of the King’s majesty’s reign, Geo. 3. c. 63. as subjects any person receiving or accepting gifts or presents to reP*l«d. any penalty or forfeiture for so doing, or as directs that such gifts, presents, penalties, or forfeitures, shall belong to the said company, shall be repealed, from and after the first day of nuary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five: provided that no prosecutions or other suits, already commenced, or to be commenced before the first day of Januaryr oise thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, upon the said act, shall be af-‘fedted by such repeal.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Counsellors, herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pro- physicians, hibit or prevent any person exercising the profession of counsel- J^ited^rorn lor at law, physician, or surgeon, or any chaplain, from ac- talking fees cepting, taking, or receiving tees, gratuities, or rewards, ( fide), in the way of his profession only.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the wilful disobey- Disobeying ing, or the wilfully omitting to execute the orders or instructions,the of of the pourt of directors of the said united company, by any of the directors, the officers or servants of the said united company in the Indies, (unless in cases of itecefiity, the burthen of the proof of which necessity shall be on the party so disobeying or omitting to execute such orders and instructions as aforesaid), and every wilful breach of the trust and duty of any office or employment under the said united company, by any of the officers or servants of the said united company, in the East, shall be

M m 4 deemed

by

o8

or making any corrupt bargain to obtain, &c. any office un-d^r the company in India, to be puntshed as a mifde-mcanor. Company's servants dif-naifled by any competent court, not to be restored,

&c.

Company's revenue officers (being British born*" subje£h) to be (worn.

The oath*

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

deemed and taken to be a tnifdemeanor at law, and shall be proceeded against and punished as such by virtue of this act.

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the making or entering into, or being a party to any corrupt bargain or contract, for the giving up, or for obtaining, or in any other manner touching or concerning the trust and duty of any office or employment under the said united company in the East Indies, by any British subjects whomsoever there ne-fident, shall be deemed and taken to be a tnifdemeanor at law, and shall be proceeded against and prosecuted/as such by virtue of this act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That after sentence or judgement of any court having competent jurisdiction, whether in Great Britain dr in India, against any of the said united company's servants, civil or military, for any debt or penalty due or belonging to the said united company, or for any extortion or other tnifdemeanor, it shall not be lawful for the said united company, upon any pretence whatsoever, to release or compound such sentence or judgement, or to restore any servant or servants of the said company, who shall have been removed or dismissed from his or their office or employment, for or on account of misbehvaiour, by the sentence of any of the said courts.

LII. Andy for the remedying of the abuses which have prevailed in the collection and receipt of the revenues of the said united

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person (being a British) born subject) who is or shall be appointed or authorised to collect, manage, controuJ, or receive the rents, duties, or revenues of and belonging, and due and payable to the said united company, shall, before he enters upon the collcdion and receipt thereof, take and subscribe the following oath j which oath the chief justice, or one of the puisne judges or the supreme court of judicature at, or the

mayor or other magistrate in any of the other presidencies or settlements, shall, and is hereby authorized and commanded to administer $ and such oath, so administered, shall be recorded in the supreme court at Calcutta, or in one of the said provincial or mayor's courts j (th?t is to say)$

I A.B. do premije and swear, That I willy to the utmost of my endeavours, well and Jaitkfully execute and discharge the duties of an bffiter of revenue, repo fed in and committed to me by the united

company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and that I will not demandy toie, or ac, or, by felfy or by any other person for my uje or on my behalf of or from any rajahy zemindar, talookdary po, or other -

Jon, paying or liable to pay any trib, rent9 or tax, to or for the use of the said united company, any sum of, or other valuable

thingy by way of gifty present, or over and above, or be-

fdes and except, the actual tribute, rent, or tax, authorized to be

taken by and for the use of the said united and that will

Mr

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. 509

jufify and truly account and answer for the same to the united

company.

So help me GOD.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Governor ge-lawful for the governor general of Fort William aforesaid for the ncra!of Fort time being, to issue his warrant under his hand and seal, directed to such peace officers and other persons as he shall think fit, rant fjr for securing and detaining in custody any person or persons fuf- ingany person pedted of carrying on, mediately or immediately, any illicit cor- suspected of respondence, dangerous to the peace or safety of the settlement, or of the British possessions in India* with any of the princes, poadtnee, &c, rajahs, zemindars, or other person or persons whomsoever having authority in India, or with the commanders, governors,' or pretidents of any factories established in the East Indies by my European power, contrary to the rules and orders of the said company, or of the governor general and council of Fort William aforesaid; and if, upon examination, taken upon oath, and may com* in writing, of any person or persons (other than the person so mit him. secured and detained) before the governor general and council of Fort William aforesaid, there shall appear reasonable grounds for the charge, the said governor general shall be, and is hereby authorized and impowered to commit such person or persons above described to safe custody, and shall within a reasonable time, not exceeding five days, cause to be delivered to him or them the charge or accusation on which he has or they have been committed -r and the party so confined shall be permitted to deliver in his defence in writing, together with a list of such witnesses as he shall desire to be examined in support of his de-' fence, who shall be examined accordingly in his presence, and their examinations taken down in writing; and if, notwit h« if the party Handing such defence, there shall appear to the said governor accused can* general and council reasonable grounds for the former proceed- 55frU{^1* ing, and for continuing the confinement, the party shall re- ^main main in custody until he or they shall be brought to trial in in custody till India* or sent to England for that purpose; and that all such trial, examinations and proceedings shall be transmitted to the said court of directors by the first dispatches; and in case such person or persons are to be sent to England* the said governor general shall, and he is hereby required to cause such person or persons to be sent by the first convenient opportunity unless such person or persons shall be disabled by illness from undertaking the voyage.

L.V/. And be it further enacted, That the several presiden- Presidencies cies and governments of Fort Saint George and, shall of Fort Saint

have the like powers, and subject to the same regulations and at"d.

restrictions, to secure and detain persons suspected of any such havefimUar illicit cor respondence as aforesaid, within their respective prefi- powers, dencies and settlements, as are hereby given to the said governor general and council of Fort Wtttiam.

LV. And\for the better preventings or more easily, the

misconduit

Company*

fej-vants*

within two months after returning to

upon oath, before the barons of the exchequer, duplicates of an inventory of their real and personai estates at the time of their arrivals

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

nifiontuft of the fervent s of the united, employed in the

settlements or affairs of the said company in India, by a discovery of their effetesand property on their return to Great Britain; be it further enacted, That every person now being, or who shall hereafter be, in the service of the said united company in India% shall, within the space of two calendar months after his retom-

______ ing to Great Britain, deliver in upon oath, before the lord chief

Great Britain, baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer in, or any

to deliver in two Qf the other barons of the said court for the time being respectivety (which oath the said lord chief baron, and other barons, are hereby respectively authorized to administer), duplicates of an exact particular or inventory of all and singular the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, monies, securities for money, and other real and personal efrare and property frhatsoever, as well in Europe as in or elsewhere, which such perfoA was seised or possessed of, or intided unto, at the time of his arrival in Great, in his own

right, or which any person or persons was or were seised or possessed of in trust for him, or to or for his use or benefit, at the time of his said arrival in Great, or at any time alter,

specifying what part thereof was not acquired, or purchased by property acquired, in consequence of his residence in the EoJ ladies: and if any of the real or personal estate or property of any such person shall have been conveyed, alienated, transferred, or otherwise disposed of, after his laid arrival in Great -tain, then such person shall also, in and by his said particular or inventory, set forth an accurate description and specificatton of all such parts of his said real or personal e&ate and property as shall have been so conveyed, transferred, or disposed of, and how, and in what manner, and to whom, and at what time, and for what price or conGderation, the same shall have been so i conveyed, alienated, transferred, or disposed of, respectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the lord chief baron, or other barons of the said court of exchequer, to whom any such particular or inventory shall be delivered upon oath, in to the King's pursuance of a(c^ stall, as soon a8 conveniently maybe cerj^aln/kept a^tcr ^me have keen received by him or them, deliver one of the said duplicates to the King’s remembrancer of the said court, to be by him filed and recorded in the said court as a publick record 5 and the other duplicate thereof to the chairman of the court of directors of the said united company for the time being, to be deposited and kept amongst the publick ar-for the inspec- chives and papers of the said united company, for the inspec-

One of which duplicates to by delivered

as a publick record; and the other to the chairman of the court of directors,

tion of the proprietors. Complaints against such inventories may be made within three years, and proceedings bad thereon.

tion and perusal of the members and proprietors of the (kid united company: and in case any complaint shall, within three years after the delivering of such particular or inventory, be made by the said board for the affairs of India, or by the court of dired&ors of the said united company, or by any ten or more members or proprietors of the said company, whose share or interest in the capital (lock of the said united company shall amount conjunctively to ten thousand pounds at the lead, by

memorial

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Geqsgji III. c. 25.

memorial or petition to the said court of exchequer, or by the motion of counsel in the said court, that any such particular or inventory is untrue, evasive, uncertain, or insufficient, or that it doth not contain the whole account of the real and personal estate and property of the person delivering the fame; and it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said court of exchequer, either by iqfpeltion of any such particular or inventory, or up* on the affidavit of any credible person or persons, that there is reasonable cause to fu(pe<51 that any such particular or inventory doth not specify and disclose an account and description of the ’whole estate and property, as. well real as personal, of the person delivering the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; then it shall and may be lawful for the said qourt of exchequer, by their order, to cause the person wha shall have delivered in such particular or inventory, at such time or times as the said court shall for that purpose direct,xta go before the King’s remembrancer of the said court, or his deputy for the time being, and be by him examined upon oath (which oath the said remembrancer, or his deputy, is hereby impowered and required to administer) upon such interrogatories, touching and concerning the said real and personal estate and property of such person, or the disposal thereof, as the said court shall think meet; and the said court shall, if need be, cause such person to be attached by the sheriff, by any procefe or warrant from the said court, and kept in the safe custody of such sheriff, or in such prison as the said court shall direct, until he shall have folly answered the said interrogatories, to the satis* faction of t|>e said court.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person, Personsmak-by this act required to deliver duplicates of such particular or ing default in inventory as aforesaid, shall negletf to deliver the Came within deh>ering the time herein-before for that purpose limited, or shall not fobmit to be examined, and folly answer any such interrogator Hes, or in an. ries as aforesaid, or if it shall appear that he hath been guilty of fwering inter* pny concealment or omission, or untrue specification of any part r°«for|es, w of his estate or property, real or personal, by this act directed to be set forth and specified in such particular or inventory, to reai an(| the amount or value of two thoqfand pounds, such person, on personal* being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall forfeit aft his lands, tenements,.and hereditaments, monies, securhies for money, debts, goods, and chattels, and other his reai and personal estate whatsoever, and wheresoever; one moiety whereof shall belong to our Sovereign lord the King; fos heirs and fuc-ceftbrs, and the other moiety thereof shall belong to the said united company (subject nevertheless to such allowance, to persons making any discovery thereof, as herein after is mentioned) $ and mail and may be recovered by the King’s majesty, his heirs or successors, or.by the said company, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eilbin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance iand such person shall moreover foffer imprisonment

f<*

5'*

Offender to be imprisoned, and shall be incapacitated.

Not to extend to any person who shall arrive before Jan. i, 1787.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

for such time as the said court of exchequer shall in their discretion think lit, without bail or mainprize; and such person shall be also incapable of serving the said united company in any capacity whatsoever.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to compel any person, who shall arrive from India in Great Britain on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, to deliver any such particular or inventory as aforesaid.

In case of Gck-nef* of any such person, within the said two men in 9,

or at the time of his leaving India, a further time to be allowed.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of the sickness of any such person or persons as by this act are required, within two months after their respective arrival in Great Britain to give in an inventory of their respective effects, it shall and may be lawful to and for any baron of the said court of exchequer, upon proof of such sickness made to his satisfaction, from time to time to gram such further time for giving in such inventory, as the said baron shall in his discretion think fit.

LX. And whereas it may happen$ that persons engaged in trade in India, may by fukness be obliged to leave India as to

put it out of their power so to settle their affairs as to be able to give in the inventory by this all required within two months after their arrival; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon proof of such fact, to the satisfaction of any baron of the court of exchequer, it shall and may be lawful for the said baron to grant such further time for delivering in such inventory, as the nature of the cases respectively shall to him appear to

require.

Any person

LXI. And be it further enacted, That any person who shall, who, within within the (pace of three years next after the delivery of any after th^de- ^eh Particu^ar inventory as aforesaid, voluntarily come be-Jivery of any fore the said lord chief baron, or any one of the barons of the such invento- said court of exchequer, and make discovery upon oath, of any ry» shall make part of the estate or property, real or personal, of any person fore^aron delivering such inventory, which shall have been concealed, and of the exche- oot therein or thereby, or in any subsequent examination, spe-quer, of any tided, disclosed, or described, shall, upon conviction of the estate or ef- person who delivered such inventory, be allowed after the rate ed ihahbe* tcn Pounds Per centum, according to the value of the estate or allowed 10 per eflfects so discovered, wheresoever the same shall be, in Great cent, of the Britain, or the British territorial possessions in the East Indies s value thereof, which allowance, ad valorem, shall be paid to such discoverer out of the net proceeds of such estate or effects which shall be - discovered by his means as aforesaid.

m«it»,&cnC"

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the forfeited by lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, chattels, monies, virtue of this and other personal estate, of what kind or nature soever, which b^orde^of0^ forfeited and recovered, by virtue of this act, of and the^ourt^of ^rom any person or persons, by reafoaof his or their neglect or exchequer, refusal to deliver any such, particular or inventory as aforesaid.

1.

or

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25.

or by the making of any imperfect or untrue disclosure and discovery of his estate and effects, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be fold and disposed of, by the order and authority of his Majesty's said court of exchequer, and the monies therefrom arising shall be paid and applied, under the order and authority of the said court, to the use of the several persons intitled thereto, according to the directions and true intent of this act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons whatsoever, who shall have been appointed to any civil or military station, office, or capacity whatsoever, in the -

-duty by the foie appointment of the said united company, or who shall have been appointed to such station, office, or capacity, in the service of the said united company, by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon the said court of directors neglecting to make such appointment as aforesaid, shall be capable of being appointed to the same, or any other Ration, office, or capacity, in the East Indus, or to claim or exercise, or be capable of claiming or exercising, any power, authority, or jurisdiction there, after he or they, having returned to this kingdom, shall have been resident therein, or in any other part of, for the space of five years, unless it shall be made appear, by the oath of credible witnesses, or other authentick testimony, to the satisfaction as well of the said board for the affairs of, as of the court of directors of the said united company, that such residence in Europe was on the account of, and became actually necessary for the health of such person or persons respectively; act, law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any appointment which shall be made by the court of directors of the said united company, with the consent and approbation of three fourths of a general court of proprietors of the said united company, specially convened for that purpose.

LXIV. And whreas it would conduce to the better

management, and ordering of the

and commerce of the said united company, if same more effectual course than the common law hath provided were for the prosecuting

and bringing to speedy and condign punishment persons guilty of the erime of extortion, and other misdemeanors, committed in the East Indies by British subjects holding offices or employments there under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or under the / united company; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the coroner and attorney of our lord the King, in the court of king’s bench, by rule of the court of king’s bench, to be obtained upon motion to be made for that purpose, at the instance of any person or persons, (and which rule the said court is hereby impowered to grant at their discretion, if the magnitude and circumstances of the case shall appear to the said court to render it proper), or for his Majesty's attorney general, or for the court of directors or court of proprietors

5'*

No officer of the company in India, after returning to this kingdom, and rest ding in Europe tar five years, (unless it were on account of his health), shall be capable of any appointment to India again.

Exception-

I

Method of procedure against British subjects who shall be guilty of extortion, or other misdemeanor*, in the East Indies,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25* [1784.

prletors of the said united company, in the name of the said united company, to exhibit in the said court of king’s bench, an information against any such person, for any such offence as aforesaid, committed after the first day of March> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; whereupon the said court shall and may, at the instance of the prosecutor, cause the party against whom such information shall have been exhibited as aforesaid to be attached, and may and shall order him to stand committed to the prison of the or to the tower of

London, or to the gaol of Newgate^ at the discretion of the said

court, there to be detained until he shall be delivered by due course of law, or until he, together with two sufficient furefies, shall have entered into a recognizance unto the King’s majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sum of money, and with such condition for his appearance, and for satisfying the judgement to be pronounced in and upon such information, as to the said court in its discretion shall seem meet; and when the defendant shall have appeared and pleaded to the said information, the chief justice, qr some of the justices of the said court of king’s bench, shall, within ten days, (unless any Mandamus shall be gtanted for the examination of witnesses as herein after provided, upon a motion to be made within a time to be limited by the said court of king’s bench for that purpose), deliver the record of the said information and plea to the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great, who shall thereupon

issue a commission under the said great seal in manner herein, after provided.

If any person

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-accused shall Tons against whom any information shall be exhibited under the neglect to ap- authority of this act, shall neglect or refuse, within such respeo-

information l*ve times as a^owccl to him or them for those pur-shall proceed poses, by the rules, or Recording to the discretion of the said notmthstand- court, to appear and plead not guilty to such information, it big. shall sind may be lawful for his Majesty's attorney general, or

other prosecutor, to cause an appearance, and the plea of not guilty, to be entered for such person or persons; and the said information shall thereupon proceed as if the party or parties had appeared, and pleaded not guilty thereto.

Within 30

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That within thirty days days from the from the commencement of the next and every future Jeuion of nneint'of every Parl*ament> the lords spiritual and temporal shall proceed to foflion, the 17 chuse, nominate, and appoint, twenty-six or more members house of lords of their house; and the commons of, in parlia-

shall chuse by ment assembled, forty or more members of the said house of member*of commons, to be chosen by ballot; and the speaker of each their house, house respectively shall cause the lift of the said names, so chof-and the house cn, to be transmitted, under their respective hands and seals, of commons to the clerk of the crown in chancery, or his deputy: and that 40 of theirs, whenever a commission is to be issued under the great seal of The lifts to Great Britain by virtue of this act. the lifts so returned shall be

bede,'ered delivered

1784O Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2$. 515

delivered over to such three judges of the courts of king’s bench, to three common pleas, or exchequer, as the said courts shall for that Ju<?ges aP* purpose respectively appoint, one judge being nominated from the^fffcrent each of the said courts respectively; and if the said lifts shall courts, contain more than twenty-six members of the house of lords, or forty of the house of commons respectively, the said judges shall, within three days from the receipt thereof, cause the names contained in the said list or lists of either or both houses respectively (as the case may happen) to be put into a box or boxes, and twenty-six names of the said peers, and forty names of the said commons, to be publickly drawn by lot, in the presence of the said judges; and that the said three judges shall have power and authority, and they are hereby required to give notice to all such members of the two houses of parliament, vrhofe names shall have been so returned, or drawn by lot as aforesaid, and also to his Majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor, and also to the party accused, as the case may require, of the time and place to be appointed by the said judges (not exceeding twenty days from such lifts being delivered to them as aforesaid) for proceeding in the execution of this act; and the names of all such members of either house of parlia- Names of the ment as shall not attend in consequence of fuct\.notice, shall be members of transmitted to the speaker of each house respectively, within cilh€r house three days, if parliament be then fitting, or if not, within three wh<T(Ml not* days after the next meeting of parliament 5 and all such persons attend, on re-as shall appear to have made default as aforesaid, shall forfeit ceivingproper to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five hun- notice, to be dred pounds each, unless they shall offer such excuses as shall the^peaker,10 appear to each house of parliament respectively to be valid and £>efa^jters sufficient: and if any member of either house of parliament, whose name shall have been drawn by lot in thfe presence of the each* said judges as aforesaid, shall have departed this life, or shall hold any civil office of profit under the crown during his Majesty's pleasure, or shall be, or shall have been, a member of the said board for the affairs of India, or shall be, or shall have been a director of the said company, or shall hold, or shall have held, any office or employment in the service of the said company in India, then, in each and every such case, another name shall be drawn out of the fame box (if any such name there bs) instead of the name of such person.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the senior of the The senior said three judges present at the respective meetings of the said judge pretent special commissioners shall be the president of such meeting or meetings; and that all questions, resolutions, and determina- €m€e ~ tions before the said special commissioners, shall be by a majority of voices of the special commissioners then and there present; and if the voices shall be equal, the then president shall have a second or casting voice.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the members of Twenty fix the house of peers hereby directed to be named by the fakl house for the purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nominated, ta

i and be chosen.

5*6

Manner of chusing the 40 members of the house of commons.

Marne* of persons holding offices under the crown during pleasure, &c. to be struck out of the lift.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25; [1784.

and appointed, in the manner following; (that is to lay), That at any time within thirty days from the commencement of the next and every future session of parliament, when it shall appear that there are fifty lords spiritual and temporal at the lead then present, the lords shall be called; and if there are fifty present, the lords shall thereupon proceed to deliver in at the table lifts, each of which lifts shall contain the names of twenty-six lords, and shall be signed by the lord who delivers such lift; which lift being delivered in, shall be referred to a committee of lords to be then appointed, who shall examine the said lids, and forthwith report to the house the name of every such lord whole name shall appear on ten such lifts; and if the names so returned shall not amount to twenty-six at the least, the lords present shall be required to deliver in fresh lifts, each lift containing a number of names equal to that number by which the lift returned shall fall short of twenty-six, and so as often as the case shall happen; and no lord present when the house shall be called over shall depart until the said lifts of twenty-six peers shall be made as aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the members of the house of commons, hereby directed to be named by that house for the purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nominated, and appointed, in the manner following; (that is to say), That at any time within thirty days from the commencement of the next and every fbture session of parliament (and after the speaker of the said house shall have taken the chair), it shall and may be lawful for any member, after four of the clock in the after* noon, to require that the doors of the house shall be locked, and that the house shall be told by the speaker 5 and if it shall appear that there are two hundred members or more then present, the members of the house shall thereupon proceed to deliver in at the table lifts, each of which lifts shall contain the names of forty members; which lifts being delivered in, shall be referred to a committee of five members, to be then appointed, who shall examine the said lifts, and shall forthwith report to the house the name of every such member whose name shall appear on twenty of the said lifts; and if the names so returned shall not amount to forty at the least, the members present shall be required to deliver in fresh lifts, each lift containing a number of names equal to that number by which the lift returned shall fall short of forty, and so as often as the case shall happen; and the doors of the house shall not be opened until the said lid of forty members, or more, shall be fully completed in manner aforesaid.

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any the persons named in such lifts shall appear to hold any civil office of profit under the crown during his Majesty's pleasure, or to be, or to have been, a member of the said board for the affairs of India, or to be, or to have been, a director of the said company, or to hold, or to have held, any office or employ* ment in the service of the said company in India; the names of

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2$. ' 51 7

all and every such persons shall be struck out of the said lift returned to the house by the said committee, upon such lift' being read over at the table.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the names of all The party to such members of either house of parliament, contained in the Jje tri*|*hail laid lifts of twenty-six peers and of forty commoners, which Sfchaitenee shall have been drawn by lot in presence of the three judges as peers, and aforesaid, as shall personally appear at the dine and place ap- *0 common-pointed as aforesaid, shall be put into a box, to be drawn out er* by lot, in presence of the said judges, and of the parties, or their counsel or agents; and the person against whom such information shall have been exhibited as aforesaid, shall have the > liberty, as the said names are drawn out, to make peremptory challenges, to the number of thirteen of the peers* and twenty of the.members of the house of commons, whose names shall have been put into the said box; and his Majesty's attorney Profcciitol genera], or other prosecutor, as the case may happen, shall mayalfo make have power to make challenges to any of the names which shall c®*UenBei* be so drawn out, and to assign for cause of challenge any such matter as in the opinion of the three judges, or die majority of them, shall appear in their discretion sufficienr to set them a fide, for the purpose of obtaining them equal justice; and the The first four first four names of the said peers, and likewise the first fix names names of the of the said commoners, which shall be drawn out after the said number of challenges respectively, or which, being drawn out, commoners, shall not be so challenged, shall be returned by the said judges drawn out to the lord high chancellor, who shall cause the names of the after the shall said peers, and members of the house of commons, together 1?"f.eue*e‘ with thofeof the said three judges appointed as aforesaid, to be turned by the inserted in the special commission to be issued by virtue of this judges to the all; and the persons whole names are so inserted in the com- lord chan-million shall appear, within ten days, at the time and place to cellor* to be^ be appointed by the said three judges, and take the following [hofeof’the oath, before the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords kid judges, commissioners of the great seal for the time being, or any one in a special Of them: commission,

etc,

I A.B. do swear. That I will well and truly try and, Oath to be

to the best 0fmy judgement, the matter now to be brought before taken by the

me, atm ding to the tvidenee that shall be J^ffioners?*

So help me GOD.

And in case the challenges shall reduce the number of names so drawn out to less than four peers and fix commoners respect lively, (hen and in such cife the said three judges shall certify the lame to the respective houses of parliament, who shall proceed with all convenient dispatch to appoint and ballot afre(h for lifts of members to be transmitted to the clerk of the clown, or his deputy, and afterwards to be inserted in a new commit*

(ion to be issued in the manner herein-before directed; and the Voi. XXXIV. N n said

518 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

'Their power*, said special commissioners shall have full power and authority to hear and determine every such information, and to pro-' nounce judgement thereon, according to the eflfe& of the judge-

ment of the common law, upon convictions had and obtained according to the course of the common law, for extortion, or other misdemeanor 5 and also to declare the party so convicted t incapable of serving the said united company in any capacity

whatsoever 5 and that such judgement, to be pronounced by the said special commissioners as aforesaid, in and upon such information, shall be good, and effectual, and conclusive, to all Their pro- intents and {purposes whatsoever; and that no Certiorari shall ceeding* not be granted, by any court whatsoever, for removing the proto be removed ccedingsof the said special commissioners on such information by Certioran. into any court whatsoever; and the proceedings of the said fecial commissioners shall not be impeached, or the validity thereof questioned, in any action or suit, or other proceeding, in any court of law or equity whatsoever.

Seven com-

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

missioners to it shall and may be lawful to and for the said special comnaif-make a quo- /ioncr8> or any seven or more of them, (of whom one of the rum* said three judges, at the lead, shall always be one), to hear sod

determine every such information, and from time to time to When the adjourn, as they shall think fit; and in case any number of the commission- said special commissioners shall, before the said commission shall 3r8 have been fully executed, depart this life, or be rendered io-reducedtoflx, caPaWe ofadting, so that the number of the said special coro-the commi f- missioners shall be reduced to fix; or if all the said three judges fion shall be shall happen to die, or be rendered incapable of acting, whiid void, and a t^e commission shall be depending, ihen, and in either of awarded. such caies, and from thenceforth, the said commission, sad the force and eflfedt thereof, shall cease, and a new commission (M be awarded for hearing the matter of such information for which such former commission was issued, and the proceedings thcitio shall begin de novo; save only and except with respect to the examination or deposition of any wimefles (if any) which dull have been taken in writing under the said former comquflioo; which examinations or depositions shall and may be received and admitted as evidence under such new commission. Commission-

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said fpcoal ers to appoint commissioners shall nominate and appoint a (it and proper per* a register. son or persons to act as their register or registers in the execution of the said commission; and when and so soon as the hid commission shall have been fully executed, the said commission* and the information and plea, and the judgement had thereupon, and all the depositions and examinations, and other proceedings concerning the premises, shall be delivered over by such register or registers unto the cleric of the crown in the court Subpoena* of king’s bench, to be kept and recorded in that court, may be issued

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aft* for the at- said, That subpoenas requiring the attendance, before the ip*

whn£(° c*l commissioners to be appointed under this act, of any wit-

1784.] Anno vicesimo qasxto Grogan III. Cv aj. £ 19

Jicfs or witnesses as or on behalf of any person or perfam prOft-

cuted under the authority of this act* may be issued out of the

crown office of the court of Icing’s bench; and in case any wit- Non-attend-

ness, having due notice of such ftfbpcena, shall not attend ki 3"°® 1h®

obedience to such subpoena, his non-attendance shall be doomed mtfdemeanof.

a mifciemeanor, and subject him to be indicted; and in case

any such witness shall attend* but shall tefafe to be examined,

it shall and may be lawful for the said special commissioners to punish such witness by fine or imprisonment, at their difcnerion.

LXXV. And be it further tna&ed, That the said special Commission-commi(Goners shall have full power and authority, by virtue of er« may fend this act, to fend for persons, papers, and records, and to texa- for persons, mine all w+toefiet tvbo shall come or he brought before them Pa^» upon oath, to be taken before them, and to cause the exami- rcc nations of such witnesses, if they shall (b think fit, to be reduced into writing, and to be signed and subscribeU by such witnesses respectively; and if aay person brought before the said and may cort-(pecial commissioners shall prevaricate in his evidence, or shall mtt prevari-otherwise mtfbehave himself before the said special commission- g*®" the ers, the said special commissioners shall and may, if they shall ®r> &c* lo think fit, commit such person to the prison of the Fktt9 or the gaol of Newgate^ there to remain for such time as the said special commissioners shall appoint, unless the said commissioners shall order them to be released sooner, which they are hereby icapowered to do; and if any such witness shall wilfully give any false evidence before the said special commissioners, such witness shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall and may be indi&ed and punched for the fame accordingly.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the recognisance The recognise be entered into as aforesaid, shall bind the property-of all and zance afore-singular the goods and chattels, which were the goods and chat- rajd ^all b‘n<* tels of the principal party entering into such recognizance at the *f th/pnnei-time of his entering into the fame, or which he shall or may pal party at acquire at any time afterwards, and before he shall be discharg- the time of ed^from such recognizance; and shall elfo bind all estate and entering into interest in all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereoftbc ain®> &c* the said principal party shall be fcifed or possessed, or whereof any person or persons, irntruft for the party so entering into such recognizance (at the time of his entering into the fame, or at any time afterwards, and before he shall be discharged therefrom) shall be seised or possessed.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the pasty where the against whom such information shall have been exhibited os party shall be aforesaid shall be adjudged to be guilty of the crime charged in found guilty, such information, and shall be adjudged to pay a fine unto his payJafine Majesty, his heirs and successors, that it shall and may be law- he may be ex-ful for his Majesty's attorney general, or for the said united amined by in company, or other prolocutor, to exhibit interrogatories before terrogatorie* the court of exchequer, for the examination of the party ad- exchequer judged to pay such fine as aforesaid, as so his estate and effects asto tmdtate Nni sufficient and effect*:

£20 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25. [1784.

If he shall not sufficient to answer the fame fine; and if the said party shall not appear, or re- appear, or shall refuse to answer to such interrogatories, or r t°&an"h shall wilfully conceal any part of his estate or effects, herein-SaU forfeit all before declared to be bound by such recognizance as aforesaid, hit estate, and or which shall by law be liable to be extended in satisfaction be committed, thereof, such party, on his default of appearance before such court* or on his refusal to answer such interrogatories, shall forfeit to the King’s majesty, his heirs and succeslbrS, all and Angular his goods and chattels, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatsoever, and shall be liable to be imprisoned in the gaol of Newgate, or the tower of for such time as the

laid court of exchequer shall direct.

LXXVIII. And whereas the made by former for the hearing and determining in England offences committed in India, have been found ineffectual, by reason of the difficulty of proving is this kingdom matters done there; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases of informations laid or exhibited by virtue of this act in the said court of king's bench, for misdemeanors or offences committed in, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's said court, upon motion to be made on behalf of his Majesty's attorney general, or other pro* fecutor, or of the defendant or defendants, to award a writ or writs of Mandamus, requiring the chief justice and judges of the supreme court at Fort William in Calcutta for the time being, or the judges of the mayor’s court of any of the British Settlements in India, as the case may require, who are hereby respectively authorised and required accordingly to hold a court with all convenient speed for the examination of witnesses, and receiving other proofs concerning the matters charged in such informations respectively; and in the mean time to cause such publick notice to be given of the holding the said court, am)w issue such summons or other process as may be reqoifite for tfc attendance of witnesses, and of the agents or counsel of all or any of the parties respectively, and to adjourn from time to time, as occasion may require; and such examination as aforesaid shall be then and there openly and publitkly taken, w* voce, in the said court, upon the respective oaths of witnefb, and the oaths of skilful interpreters, administered according to the forms of their several religions, and shall, by foroe sworn officer of such court, be reduced into one or more writing or writings on parchment, in case any duplicate or duplicate! should be required by or on behalf of any of the parties interested, and shall be sent to his Majesty, in his court of king! bench, dosed up, and under the seals of two or more of tn* judges of the said supreme court; and one or more of the judg* of the said supreme court shall deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the fame 5 which W agent or agents (or, in case of his or their death, the person in^; whose hands the same shall come) shall deliver the fametoone0* the clerks in court of his Majesty's court of king’s bench, in tW

publick office, and make oath that he received the fame fan

ID*

Depositiont of witnesses taken in India, and tranGnit-ted to the court of king's bench, may be read before the special com-snifiioners, and shall be deemed competent evidence*

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 25, 5a 1

the hands of one or more of the judges of such court in India (or in what manner the fame came into his hands), and th?t the fame has not been opened or altered since he so received it,

(which said oath such clerk vn court is hereby authorized and required to administer); and such depositions, being duly taken and returned, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be allowed and read before the said special commissioners, and shall be deemed as good and competent evidence as if such witness had been present, and sworn and examined \ viva votty at any trial hefore the said special commissioners for such crimes or misdemeanors as aforesaid, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all parties concerned shall be entitled to take copies of such depositions at their own colls and charges; and the chief justice of the said court of king’s Chief justice bench, or one of the judges of the said court, shall, with all ®f the king’* convenient speed after such deposition shall have been so receiv- to ed, together with the said information and plea, cause the fame deposition,&c. to be delivered over to the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, to the lord or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great chancellor, Britain^who shall thereupon issue the commission under the great seal, in the manner by this act directed.

LXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted.

That no information, or plea, or deposition, which by this act Restriction as is directed to be delivered over by the chief justice of the court thedelivery of king’s bench, or one of the judges of the said court, to the thereof* lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great, shall be so delivered over, at any other time than during some one of the three usual and accustomed terms herein after mentioned; that is to lay, Hilary term, Easter term, or Michaelmas term.

LXXX. Andy in order to promote the ends of jif/lice in ascertaining faffs committed at so great a dislance from this, by such evidence as the nature of the case will render prafficable; be it further enacted, That in all proceedings upon such information as Writings re-aforesaid, as well the depositions taken under such commission ceived by the or commissions, after the publication thereof, as also all writ- c2rt°rd," ings which shall have been transmitted from the East Indies to the court of directors of the said united company, by their offi- copies of cers or servants resident in the East I, in the usual course writings sent of their correspondence with the said court of directors, and cJu^>t copies of all writings which shall have been transmitted by the yants'thcrcl said court of directors, or by any committee thereof, to the ofli- relative to the cers and servants of the said united company resident in the charge in the Bast Indies, and which in any manner relate to the subject mat- ^onDaatl^"* ter of the charge to be contained in such information, or to the admitted by defence to be made thereto, may be admitted by the said com- the commit-fniflloners to be offered in evidence, and shall not be deemed sioners as $vi-inadmtflible or incompetent, unless upon objections arising from deuce, the nature of the contents of the said writings j subject n$ver-theless to be impeached, in point of credibility, by such obfer-. various and objections as the nature of such evidence, qr other

n 3 circum-'

i

5*1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgia lit c. 26. [L7R4.

cireuinstances, may fugged; any rule of the* common hurt to the contrary notwithstanding.

Court of

LXXXI. And be it farther enabled, That the fetd court of

Icing's bench icing’s bench shall have power and authority* at tke prayer of Ef thC prarc_r his Majesty's attorney general, or other profccmor, on of the cutor* §:c^C Part Y ag* whom Rich information shall be exhibited, to or-may order an der an examination dehone effk, of witnesses, upon interrogato-examination ries to be had and taken before an examiner to be by them ap-of witnesses pointed for that purpose, or by oomraiffion* as the case ftaU eaTories, See? require, and to cause the depositioas of such witnesses to be - ' published, when the feme shaft appear to them to be proper and

necessary; and which deportions shall be afterwards admitted to be read in evidence before the said commissionexs, and shall be deemed good and diffident evidence in the Jaw as aforesaid; saving all just exceptions to be taken to such depositions, when the same shall be offered to be read as aforesaid.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* Limitation of said. That no prosecution in consequence of this act shall be profecotions. commenced, unless within the space of three years after the return of the party prosecuted into Great Britain^ or within three 9 years after the delivery of the inventory or particular required by this act.

Mot toaffebl-

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no*

the claims re- thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to-qxtend,

spetting the to prejudice or affebt the rights or claims of the publick, or the

territorial ac- fai<j united company, respecting the said territorial acquisitions qu tions. anj revemies

Commence-

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall ment of this take place and have commencement, in Great, itnme-

&& diately after the same shall have received his Majesty's royal a£-

sent; and shall take place and have commencement, in tlteie-Veral presidencies aforesaid, and in the territories thereunto belonging, from the first day of January one thousand seven him* dred and eighty-five.

[Publick act.]

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That this abt feallf and shall be deemed and taken to be a publick abt.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to reteal so much of two made in the tenth and fifteenth

years of the reign of his as authorizes

of the house of commons to issue his warratit to the crown for making out writs for election of members to

parliament, in the manner therein mentioned $ and for substitutin

Other provifms for the like purposes,

WHEREAS by am aft% made in the tenth year of the

of his present MayeAy, An act to enable the

speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to male out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall die during the recess ot - parlia*

[Preamble.]

Recital of so Geo. 3. c. 4r.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2&523

parliament; and alsoby another act passed in fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty > for explaining and amending and 15 Geo. the said act, and for enabling the speaker of the house of com- 3. c. 36. snons to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall, during the recess of parliament, become peers of Great, and be

fiioimoned to parliament, and for other the therein

tinned > several provisions were made for enabling the speaker of the house of eommons to issue his warrants to the clerk of the crown to make out new writs for electing members of the house of, in

the room of such members as should happen to, or become peers of Great Britain, at the times, in the manner, and under the restrictions

in the said several acts mentioned: and whereas the said acts have been found highly advantageous to the publick, by speedy cleft ions of members of the house of commons, and it is therefore expedient that the provisions therein contained should be further ,* and freed

from certain of the restrictions in the said acts particularly and also that some further provisions should be made for carrying the said powers into execution, in the cases of the death of the speaker of the house of commons for the time beings or of his Jeat in parliament -becoming vacant, or of his absence out of the realm; and it would be also convenient that the provisions contained in the said two several acts of parliament, and of this at7, should be reduced into one act of parliament, and thaty for that purpose, provisions contained in the said two several acts should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons^ in this present parliament attembled; and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the The recited laid act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present act of 10 Geo. Majesty, and also so much of the said act passed in the fif- * repealed} teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as enables the Geo. 3. speaker of the house of commons to ittue his warrants to make c. 36. out new writs for the election of members to serve in parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That, from and after the patting of Speaker to this act, it shall and may be lawful for the speaker of the house 5"ue *ar~ of commons for the time being, during any recess of the said a

house, whether by prorogation or adjournment, and he is hereby making out required to ittue his warrant to the clerk of the crown, to make writs for elec-out a new writ for electing a member of the house of commons l?em" in the room of any member of the said house who shall happen to room of those die, or who shall become a peer of Great, either during wh0 (halt die,

the said recess, or previous thereto, as soon as he shall receive or become notice, by a certificate, under the hands of two members of the peers of Great house of commons, of the death of such member, in the first Bnwin* case; and in the second case, that a writ of summons hath been issued, under the great seal of Great, to Tummon such

peer to parliament; which certificate may be in the form, or to the effect, comprized in the schedule hereunto annexed.

5*4

Certificates of vacancies to be notified in the Gazette.

Certain re-ftrifttons on f he speaker relative to issuing his variant.

Speaker to aathofife a certain number of members of the house of commons to execute the powers given to him by this

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C.

[1784.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the ipeaker

of the house of commons shall forthwith, after his receiving such certificate, cause notice thereof to be inserted in the London Gazette, and shall not issue his warrant until fourteen days after the insertion of such notice in the

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrant for the purposes aforesaid, unless, the return of the writ (by virtue of which such member deceased,-or become a peer of Great Britain, was elected) shall have been brought into the office of the clerk of the crown, fifteen days at the least before the end of the last fitting of the house of commons immediately preceding the time when such application shall be made to the speaker of the house of commons to issue such warrant as aforesaid; nor unless such application shall be mtde so long before the then next meeting of the house of commons for the dispatch of business, as that the writ for the election may be issued before the day of such next meeting of the house of commons; nor in case such application shall be made with respect to any feat in the house of commons which shall hare been vacated in either of the methods before mentioned, by any member of that house against whose dedtion or return to serve in parliament a petition was depending, at the time of the then last prorogation of parliament, or adjournment of the house of commons.

V. And whereas the due execution of this act be prevented 0

impeded by the death of the speaker of the house of commons for tbt time being, or by his feat in parliament becoming, or by

absence out of the realm, for which it is expedient tf provide a remedy; be it therefore enacted by the authority a/ore-said, That it shall and may be lawful for the present speaker of the hpufe of commons, and he is hereby required, within a convenient time after the passing of this act, and for every fuwrc speaker of the house of commons, and he is hereby required within a convenient time after he shall be in that office, at the beginning of any parliament, by any instrument in writing under his hand and seal, to nominate and appoint a certain number of persons, not more than seven, nor less than three* members of the house of commons at the time being, thereof authorizing them, or any one of them, to execute all and fin* gular the powers given to the speaker of the house of commons for the time being, for issuing such warrants as aforesaid, by virtue of this act, subject nevertheless to such regub* tions and exceptions as are herein also contained; whichm* flrument of appointment and authority shall, notwithstanding the death of the speaker of the house of commons making and executing the fame, or the vacating his feat in parliamepf> Continue and remain in full force until the dissolution of parliament in which it shall be made.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever *ptl

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. 525

as often as the said number of persons, so to be appointed as When such aforesaid, shall, by death, or by their (eats in parliament being number shall vacated, happen to be reduced to less than three, it shall and he reduced to may be lawful for the speaker of the house of commons for the {h^e a new time being to make a new appointment in the manner herein* appointment before directed to be made.

VII. Provided also, That every such appointment shall be Appoint-

entered in the journals of the house of commons, and be also ment* to be publUhed once in the London Gazette; and the instrument of entered in the such appointment shall be preserved by the clerk of the house of journal* of the commons, and a duplicate thereof shall be hied in the office of pSbl3h«7In the clerk of the crown in chancery. the Gazette.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this a A contained fa what cases shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any power or only such per* authority whatsoever to any person so to be nominated and ap- Ions are unpointed as aforesaid, except in the case of there being no Powere<ito speaker of the house of commons, or of his being absent out ac

of the realm, nor for any longer time than such person, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall continue a member of the house of commons; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted, That the publisher of the Gazette Publisher of for the time being, when any such notice as aforesaid of the the Gazette to iffiiing of any such warrant shall be brought to him, signed by Jf*?e receipts any person so appointed as aforesaid, shall give a receipt for the for nottcc* fame, specifying the day and hour when the fame was received;

and in case more than one such notice shall be brought to him, relative to the same election, such publisher shall insert in the Gazette only the notice first received.

SCHEDULE.

WE whose names are underwritten, two members of the house of commons, do hereby certify, That M. P. a member of the said house, serving os one of the knights of the for the county of [or as the case may be] upon the

day of [or is become a peer of Great Britain, and that a

writ of summons hath been ijfuedy under the great seal of Great Britain, to summon him to parliament,] [as the case may be 5]

and we give you this notice, to the intent that you may issue your Warrant to the clerk of the crotonyto make out a new writ for the election of a knight to serve in parliament for the said county of [or as the case may be] in the room of the said M. P. under ouf hands, this day of

To the speaker of the house of commons.

Note, That in case there shall be no speaker of the house of commons, or of his absence out of the rtalmy such certificate may be addressed to any one of the persons appointed according to the directions of this act.

26

[Preamble.]

From Sept. 4, 1784, an additional weekly duty of <. to be paid for all hackney coach licences.

Duty to be paia monthly.

Provisions of former act relative to levying the duty, &c. extended to this

licences to be granted in future under 'payment of ios. weekly rent.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii IB. c. 27. [1714.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for laying an additional duty on hackney teaches; and fir explaining and amending fevered of parliament relating hackney coaches.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, tin commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, to wards railing, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick czpences, have freely and voJoa* farily resolved to give and grant onto your Majesty the additional duty herein-aner mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it eoaftd by the iCing's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fourth day ot September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, then shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from all and ever? person or psrfcms now licensed, or hereafter to be licensed, drive or keep a hackney coach, or coach horses, within the cities of London and Westmin/hr, or the suburbs of the fame, a within the parifttes comprized within the weekly bills of mom-lity, the further or additional weekly duty or sum of five IE1 ing9, of lawful money of Great, for each and etc]

such coach so licensed; to be paid monthly from the said fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty -four,

without any deduction or abatement for any matter, cause, a thing whatsoever: And that all powers, grovifoes, article* plaufes, penalties, and forfeitures, and all other matters id things, prescribed or appointed by any former act or ads01 parliament relating to such hackney coaches, or the ownen* renters, or drivers thereof, shall be of full force and effectvitii relation to the additional weekly duty or sum hereby impott and shall be applied and put in execution for the railing, k»y* ing, collecting, and securing, the said additional weekly^ hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning0* this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame bw severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation w the said additional weekly duty hereby imposed.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Tits when any of the licences already granted to hackney coaching shall, by death, resignation, or otherwise, become void, it IE* and may be lawftil for the commissioners for licensing and w gulating hackney coaches and chairs, or any three of them*w grant such licences anew to any person or persons, under p*y* ment as well of the weekly rent of five shillings, referred by such licences, as of the said additional weekly rent, aR

5*7

.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 274 -

such covenants, conditions, and provisoes, therein to be led, lor the more effectual payment thereof, as the said missioners, in their discretion, shall think fit*

And whereas it frequently happens that the owners of -< tomb licences neglect or refuse to attend the said t his, her, or their drivers, be it further enacted by the tority aforesaid, That if the owner of any such licensed coach neglect or refute to appear before the said commissioners, any-complaint exhibited before them, and with his pro-driver, upon: the third fumoioiu left at the usual place of Je of such owner entered with rite said commissioners, it I and may be lawful for the said commissioners, upon such e& or refusal of appearance of the said owner, to revoke a hackney coach licence, and to license another person in room of such owner*✓

V jtotd whereas by an al7, made in the ninth year of the reign er late majesty £hieen Anne, ( in, An act for licensing regulating hackney coaches and chairs; and for charging am itew duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock salt for tnd\ and for fe curing thereby, and by a weekly payment of the post office, and by several duties on bides and skins, prly fund of one hundred eighty-six thou feud six hundred seventy pounds, for thirty-two years, to be applied to the sfaction of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the con-iutors of any Aim not exceeding two millions, to be raised carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions;) by another act, made in the seventh year of his Majestys

9ft, (intituled An act for altering the stamp duties upon pots of aifurance;' and for reducing the allowance to be made ‘efpedt of the prompt payment of the stamp duties on licen-for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for Gaining and amending several acts of parliament relat-to hackney coaches and chairs-;) the several fares or rates v taken by hackney coachmen, their renters or drivers, are -aied and set down: and whereas, the better to enable such hackney brain, and their renters, to pay such additional rent or impost, it bought expedient, that the per fens already, or hireaster to !icensed, to drive or keep such hackney should have, take, and

fwe, for their hire, at and of ter the rates

it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, m and after the; fourth day of September, one thou fend seven id red and eighty- four, so much of the said act of the ninth year die reign of her said late majesty Queen md also so much :he said act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Ma-y, as appoints or enumerates the fares or rates to be taken hackney coachmen, their renters or drivers, shall, from the fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and hty-four, be, and the same are hereby repealed: and that, m and after, the said fourth day of September, one thousand sn hundred and eighty-four, every person who is or shall be

licensed

If owners of

hackney coaches neg-left to appear before the commiHIoaert upon the third summons, their licences may be revoked.

Recital of act 9 Anne,

C. 1],

and 7 Geo. 3. c. 44.

Part of the recited a£U repealed.

From Sep*. 4,

1784, hackney coachmen intitled to the

528 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27.

[178

following licensed by the said commissioners, or the major part of them, feres; videli- to drive, keep, and let to hire, by the hour or day, or otherwise, any hackney cqach, with horses and geldings, or mares, within the cities of London and Westminster% or the suburbs of the fame, or within the parishes or places comprised within the weekly bills of mortality, or any other place or places, where to, by any of the laws now in being, such hackney coaches are comj pellable to go, or any person legally acting under such licedd person, shall be intitled to, and may demand, receive, and take for the hire of any such hackney coach, the rates and bra herein after mentioned; (that is to say:) (

One mile and for every distance within and not exceeding one mile ao^ a half, 1 s. four furlongs, the sum of twelve pence:

Not exceeding And for every further distance within and not exceeding fod

is.°6d. furlongs, (computed as beyond the said first mentioned distaoa of one mile and four furlongs,) the sum of sixpence:

And1 so in- And in like manner for any further distance, within and not a*

for every half ccc^n8 f°ur furlongs beyond the said second distance, the lib guilt. sum of(ixpence; and so in like manner the sum of sixpence^ every further distance, within and not exceeding four furlong* to be computed through the whole distance which such coad shall be driven or go.

For the first And as respecting the time during which such coach shallb hour,«s. 6d. employed, for the first period of time, not exceeding one bon* the sum of one shilling and sixpence:

And for every And for any time within and not exceeding an hour, to be hour after, is. computed from foe expiration of the said first hour, the fumd

one shilling and sixpence; and in like manner for any tin* within and not exceeding an hour, the further sum of one shilling and sixpence; to be computed through the whole time do* ring which such coach shall be engaged or employed: for a day of And for a day’s work or hire, reckoning twelve hours toil* j»lhours. 14s. foc fym Qf fourteen shillings and sixpence:

And for every And *or any time exceeding the said twelve hours, at ad hour exceed- a^cr rale onc shilling and sixpence for the first period ing is, is.6d. time, not exceeding one hour, to be computed from the end® the said twelve hours; and for any time within and not exceeding an hour, to be computed from the expiration of the first hour after the said twelve hours, the sum of one (hilto; and sixpence; and in like manner for any time within and d* exceeding an hour, the further sum of one shilling and fixpeott to be computed through the whole time during which fob coach shall be engaged or employed exceeding the said twd«

, hours.

The new fares V. And farther enacted by the authority afortfiA to be recover- That the said several rates and fares for hire, hereio-befo* ed in the fame mentioned, shall and may be recovered in the like manner 2*

11 2 the

784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. 529

he fares settled by the said recited act of the ninth year of the manner as the eign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, or by any other act former ones.

>r acts of parliament are by law recoverable.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons taking

That the persons now licensed, or hereafter to be licensed, shall be

be subject and liable to all the orders, rules, regulations, bye- subject to the aws, penalties, matters, and things, as are, or at any time fame orders, icretofore have been lawfully prescribed in relation to any per-

bns licensed to keep or drive hackney coaches, and the renters " hcrelofwc*

of such licences, and drivers of such coaches, before the making gxccpt

of this present act, (except such parts thereof as are hereby re- p pealed.)

VII. And whereas a doubt has arisen whether, under and by - Recital of a

f ue of a clause in an act made in the first year of the reign of his late in act

najesty King George the First, ( intituled An act for better regu- 1 Gco* *' * ating hackney coaches, carts, drays, cars, and waggons, within S7*

:he cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of Mortality; and for preventing miichiefs occasioned by the drives riding upon such carts, drays, cars, and waggons,) any -on driving a mourning coach or hearse to a funeral within the cities )f London or Westminster, or the suburbs of the fame, or within the barishes or places comprized within the weekly bills of, are

rubjeft and liable to the penalties and forfeitures created by any of the saws now in being for keeping or driving a hackney coach or coach horses for hire, without a licence jrom the said commissioners; be it further

snadted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said *rom 4» fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- so*ddymiTa" four, if any person shall drive a mourning coach or hearse to any mourning^ funeral within the cities of London or West, or the suburbs coach or uf the fame, or within five miles of Temple-bar in the said city of hearse, within London, except the same shall have a number fixed on the fore- xVrap!e-bar (landard of such mourning coach or hearse, shewing it to be a without "a icensed coach or hearse let to hire, and information shall be given number proto the said commissioners of such fact, it shall and may be law- P«dy Ful for the said commissioners to summon the party driving such {^c[Jmmoiupd mourning coach or hearse before them, and, on default of such before the jarty appearing on such summons before the said commission- commission-!rs, the said commissioners are hereby impowered to proceed *r*» and 6°* igainst him, her, or them; and although no express hiring shall 5*

3e proved, it shall be deemed and adjudged a driving for hire, and the party offending shall forfeit for such offence the sum of 5ve pounds, to be recovered and applied in such and the same manner as by any of the laws now in being are directed con-:erning the penalty or forfeiture for driving an hackney coach or hire without licence.

VIII. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen from the

rregular behaviour of carmen, draymen, and other persons driving arts, drays, and other such carriages, within the cities of London, and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, the borough of Southwark,

wd other Jireets, highways, and places thereto near adjoining, by heir mifufing and hindering the pojfage of his Majesty's subjects in

£30 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 0c,|[i?$4

the said streets and highways>. a committing other y tk

like kind: and whereas a doubt has arisen whether% under end i virtue of any of tie laws now in the owners of any cons ' cars, drays, or other such carriages, belonging to refitting

of the bills of mortality although within the adjoining places to tk said cities of London or Westminster and the borough a/South wark, ought to enter their names and places of abode with them miff oners for Ucenfing hackney, coaches \ be it further -eoa&edbj Emm Sept. 4. the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fourth day d 1784.. no per- September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, w son-Aaildnye person or persons whatsoever shall drive any cart, car, dray,q ^withlnfive ot^er futh carriage, within the said cities of London or Westm miles of Tern* for, and suburb>s thereof, the borough of and otho

pl$-bar, or in Greets and places within the bills of mortality, or five miles« tht Mj*1 of Temple-bar in the said city of ,except the owner of Aid ©em the owner cart> Car> ^ray, or ot^cr fuc^ car"age> shall have entered hi shall have en- name and place of abode with the commissioners for licenHsj tered his name hackney coaches; and shall, upon some conspicuous part d andplaceof such cart, car> or other carriage, have the name of & hackney owner of such cart, car, dray, or other such carriage, and tk coach office; number of such cart, car, dray, or other such carriage belong and shall affix ing to him, in order that the driver of such cart, car, dray,a his name, and other such carriage, may be the more easily convidfced fora* the Mrriage, disorder or misbehaviour committed by him as aforesaid

in case, of such neglect or refusal of entry, and affixing kd number on such cart, car, dray, or other such carriage, tk owner or driver of such cart, car, dray, or other such canity so residing and driven within five miles of Temple, shall k subject and liable to all the penalties and forfeitures created k f* any laws now in being relative to such owners or drivers i

carts, cars, drays, or other such carriages, within the said cite, of London or WeslmitiJler, and suburbs thereof, the borough®

Southwark, and other Greets within the bills of mortality which shall or may be recovered and applied in such manner 1$ such forfeitures and penalties are by law now recoverable fo® the owners of such carts, cars, drays, or other such carriages,!5 driven within the said cities of London or Westminster, and f^j urbs thereof, the borough of, and other fW

within the bills of mortality. Additional

IX. And be it further enacted, TKat the said additions weekly duty weekly duty, or sum of money, (the necessary charges of rah to be paid into ing and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall, from tiffltj5 the exche- time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, dif-tered in*a*1" tin&ty and aPart fr°m aH other branches of the publick bookfeparate nue; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt tb# from all shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the others. monies arising from the said additional duty imposed by this & and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered £PV rate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whaw* ever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt of

on some conspicuous part thereof. Penalty on of tenders.

1784.] Anno vicesimo -quarto Georgii III. c. 28,29; 53*

quer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several Application and respective annuites, and all such other charges and expen* thereof, ces, as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled An raising a

tertmn sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a

lottery.)

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, may plead the for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of general issue, this act, or of any dause, matter, or thing, herein contained, ftkh person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence*; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him havetre* or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, ble cost*

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for authoring the treasurer of the navy to pay to the officers and men belonging to his Majesty's ship Santa Margaretta, the like bounty for taking the French frigate called L’ Amasone, at is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majesty's ships of war, taking or destroying ships of war belonging to the enemy.

ty Geo. 3. c. 67. and so Geo. 3. c. 13. recited. Officers and men on board the Santa Margaretta (Capt. Elliot Salter) when (he attacked the French frigate L'Amazone, in July 178a. in titled to the bounty of 5I, for every man on board the said frigate at the time of the attack,

CAP. XXIX.

An act for vesting certain hinds, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also for revelling certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Southampton, Corn* wall, and Devon, in the former proprietors thereof; and for other purport therein mentioned.

Act of so Geo. 3. c. 38. recited, and 21 Geo. 3. c. 6r. All the lands, tenements, &c. in the recited acts mentioned to be situate in Devonshire and Cornwall, and veiled in fir Fletcher Norton, and the other persons therein named (except as herein mentioned) shall be divdfed out of the said fir Fletcher Norton, &c. and revelled In the former proprietors thereof. Recital of as Geo. 3. c. 80. and 13 Geo. 3. c. 87. All the lands, tenements, &c. in the recited acts s* and S3 Geo. 3. mentioned to be situate in Hampshire, and vested in the ftt. Hon. Wolfran Cornwall, Sec. shall be revetted in the former proprietors thereof. Certain pieces of land, in the parish of Alverstoke in the county of Southampton; and in the parishes of Titchfield and Rowner, in the same county $ and certain other pieces of land, &c. situate in the parish of Maker, in Devonshire *, vested in the Rt. Hon. Charles Wolfran Cornwall, Jervoise Clarke Jervoile e(q; Robert Thiftkthwayte esq *, fir Williata Lemon baronet, John Rolle e(q; and John Polloxfin Ballard esq $ their heirs and alligns in trull for the owners till the value adjudged and the purchase money paid with interest. Reasonable competition to be made to the proprietors out of the next parliamentary aids. His Majesty impowered by tetters patent under the K great

S32 Anno Vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 30. [1784.

great seal, to appoint commissioners to determine claims to the Cald famdi Sec. To proceed in a summary way, on testimony of witnesses upon ©att or inspection ot records, Sec. or by jury if required. Judgements and de crees of qommiffioijftrs to be entered in books, See. Copies thereof to b laid before both hou&s of parliament. CoramifRoners to issue their war rants to sheriffs to summon juries \ who are to inquire into the value o lands, Sec. Penalty on sheriffs or their officers making default! not mor than sol. and also on jurors, not more than so 1. In case a sufficient jur shall not appear upon return of the warrant, commissioners may ad jour; the inquest, and issue their Warrant for summoning other jurors in noor of defaulters. Commissioners, after the inquest shall be taken, may ad journ, Sec. for making decree. Commissioners to give notice previous t their respective meetings, 14 days at lead. If owners make default in appearing. Sec. to proceed to judgement which is to be final. On paymte of the sums assessed by jury, &c. trustees to be deemed seised of the pre mises for the use of his Majesty. Surveyors of the highways for the pa riflt of AJverstoke, and their workmen, Sec. impowered to enter upo; lands let out as a road, and to take gravel from the sea (bore. Officers 0 ordinance, before Jan. 1,178 c, in a written declaration, to specify th; particular vested lands, &c. which will be wanted for the purposes aforesaid. And all the lands not so specified shall be reverted irv the former pro prietors. No private building (except barns, hovels, or other building 0 wood only) to be erected on any lands vested by this act* and the jury m»j value the damage by such restriction, and if any building be erefl« after the assessment, the fame may be abated. Lands to be purchased ii pursuance of this act, shall be liable to the usual tithes and taxes. To b paid by the (tore keeper of the ordinance. Profits anting from the lands to be expended on the fortifications, to be appropriated by the mailer general, &c. of the ordinance towards the erection and reparation of the for* tifications. Proprietors of lands, hereby revetted, to be reimbursed (to expences, Sec.in consequence of the receited act si Geo. 3. Act of to Geo-v.c. 49. recited. Lands and tenements in Chatham, taken possessioocf for his Majesty's use, to be liable to tithes, land tax, See. as heretofore-Such tithes. Sec. to be paid by the storekeeper of the ordinance. Proprietors of lands, Sec. in Hampshire, to be reimbursed damages in consequfltf of the act sx Geo. 3. Commissioners not liable to penalties, in acts 15 C*-a. c. a. 1 Wm. and May. c. 8.13 and 14., Wi». 3. c. 6. 1 Geo. i.cjj-Commissioners not disqualified from being members of parliament

CAP. XXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon

for retailing beer9 ale, and other exrifeable liquors.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

Ftom Sept t. 1784, an additional duty

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, & commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembledjW* wards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Mijdty1 publick expences, have resolved to give and grant unto yo^ Majesty the duty herein after mentioned; and do mod haw beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it en*&" by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com®#15’, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority^ the fame. That from and after the fird day of oj#

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be, rhi^ugt^, out the kingdom of Great Britain, raised, levied, collected,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 30. 533

paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of ten ofios.6d. to Shillings and sixpence for every piece of vellum or parchment, be Paid for or sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, fj* retain? or printed, any licence from justices of the peace for felling ale, beer, ale, &c. beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail, in Great

over and above all other duties chargeable thereupon.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The new duty for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and pay- be under ing, the said duty herein-before granted, the same shall be un- Inent^o?^the* der the government, care, and management of the commission- commissionert ers, for the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged of (Ump

on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major duties* part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary offices under them for that purpose, and to use and provide such damps to denote the said duty as shall be re-quisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution with relation to the said duty herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Allowance to That the fame allowance shall be made, on present payment promptpay-of the several duties granted by this act, in such manner as by ment.

any former law, relating to damped vellum, parchment) and paper, is directed and allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Stamps may That such damps as the commissioners are hereby directed and be altered or authorized to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed, renewed in such manner gs any other damps on vellum, parchment or paper, are, by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered or renewed.*

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on

That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeiting counterfeited or forged, any seal, damp, or mark, directed or all c*

lowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the

duties by this act granted; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the said duty;. or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, damp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the said duty; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Provisions of That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, didri- former stanr.p bution of penalties, and forfeitures, and all other matters and j&wtobem things prescribed or appointed by any former act or aids of parliament, relating to the damp-duties on vellum, parchment,

Vol. XXXIV.

Oo

and

234 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 30. [1784.

and p2per, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said duty hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new duty hereby imposed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duty herein-before granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distin<$t account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purposes in this act mentioned, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That thetv shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any act or acts of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled An act for a certain film of money by zvey

of annuities, and f or establishing a

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Defendants That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be may plead the sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them general issue, jone or executed in pursuance of this ail, or of any clause,

matter, or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or and shall have defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them treble costs. against such plaiqfiff or plaintiffs#

Duty to be paid to the receiver general of stamp* duties, and by him paid into the exchequer.

A book to be provided by the auditor of the exchequer, for entering the duty separate from all others. Application thereof.

"S

, 1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c.jr.

535

CAP. XXXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on horses kept for the purpose of ridings and on horses used in drawing certain carri-

ages, in ref peel whereof any duty of excise is made

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the new duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and From Sept. 19, after the twenty-ninth day or September, one thousand seven the fol-hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collect- Jo* paid* to ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great, unto his Majesty;

and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates videlicet, and duties following; that is to say,

Every person who shall keep and use any horse, mare, or For every gelding, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of draw- faddle horse, ing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or any ^cac|j)^orj![*i other carriage, by whatsoever name such carriage is now or fam osso*.*:* hereafter may be called or known, (for or in respect whereof any rate or duty, under the management of the commissioners of the excise, now is or are made payable by any datute now in force), shall yield and pay annually, for every such horse, mare, or gelding, the sum of ten shillings:

For every horse, mare, or gelding, entered to dart or run for For every any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing whatsoever, the further sum of two pounds two shillings: pjat"

That every person exercising the trade and business of an Every licensed horse dealer, within the cities of London and the horse dealer

weekly bills of mortality, or within the borough of Southwark within the in the county of Surrey, and who shall take out a licence to use !* and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall ^ugh of °* yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his Southwark, heirs and successors, the sum of ten pounds: 10l. perann.:

And every person exercising the said trade or business of an And every horse dealer, without the cities of London and the ("ch dealer

weekly bills of mortality, or the borough of, in the

county of Surrey, and who shall take out a licence to use and 5|#

exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five pounds.

O 0 2 II.

'536 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3t.

[1784.

II. And, for the better and more effectually, levying collecting, and paying the said duties herein-before, be it enatt-Dutiestobe ed, That the same shall be under the government, care, and under the ma- management of the commissioners for the time being appointed "he comm if- to manage t^le duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, fioners of " and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby requir* ilamp-duties. ed and impowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary, and to provide and use such marks or damps as they shall think fit to denote the duty, and to repair, renew, and alter the fame from time to time as they shall see occasion, and to do all other matters and things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

Commission-

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the er* may grant passing of this act, any two or more of his Majesty's commis* licence* to sioners, appointed for managing the duties arising by damps oa bone eaier*. ve]jumj parchment, or paper, or' some person duly authored by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall applj for the fame, to use and exercise the trade and business of a horse dealer in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the space ot one year, to commence from the fail twenty-ninth day of Septem, one thousand seven hundred an! eighty* four, upon all licences to be granted on or before tbs day; and upon licences to be first granted to any person or pfr Ions after the said twenty-ninth day of, one thouso*

seven hundred and eighty-four, to commence from the day ct Licences to be the date of every fetch licence; and all and every person renewed an- persons, who shall take out such licence for using and exerc* nually. ing the lra(je an(j business of an horse dealer, shall, in ortkr to be exempted from the duty hereby imposed on any ho& mare, or gelding, kept and used by him, take out a fresh cence for another year, ten days at lead before the expiration that year for which he shall have been so licensed, if lie (to* continue to use and exercise the said trade and business of* horse dealer; and shall, in like manner, renew such licens from year to year, paying down the respective sums due on fa-licences, as long as he shall continue to use and exercise & said trade and business of an horse dealer.

Certain words

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person excrcjfin; to be wrote or the trade and business of an horse dealer, and who shall bart Frontof°thelC ta^en out a licence for that purpose, shall cause the words£* censed to deal in Horses,to be painted or written in large legible characters, either on a sign hung out, or on some vifib*e place in the front of his or their house, gateway, or (tables,at the respective places at which he or they keep such horses fa sale, to denote that such person is a dealer in horses, and Ik®)J ed for that purpose; and if any person, so ficensed as a^ore^j

house or (tables of every hone dealer,

1

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31.' 537

shall presume to fell any horse without fixing or hanging out such token as aforesaid, every licensed horse dealer so offending,

shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five on penalty of pounds, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is di- si* redled.

V. And be it further enacted, That the owner of every horse, Two guineas mare, or gelding, entered to dart or run for any plate, prize, tobepaidpre-sum of money, or other thing, shall, previous to the entering

or darting such horse, mare, or gelding, pay the sum of two horie to^un^ pounds two shillings, as the duty for one year; which said mo- for a plate, ney shall be paid, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, into the hands of the clerk of the course, book- keeper, or other person authorised to make the entry of such horse, mare, or gelding, being to start or run for such plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, as aforesaid; and if any owner on penalty of of such horse, mare, or gelding, shall, previous to the darting, *ol* neglect or refuse to pay the said sum of twp pounds two shillings, for such entrance, to the clerk of the tourse, book-keeper, or other person authorised to make the entry as aforesaid, the owner or owners of every such horse, mare, or gelding shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in such manner as herein after is directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every clerk of the Penalty on course, book-keeper, or other person, so receiving the said sum clerk of the of two pounds two shillings, as entrance money, shall, within negfeSing to fourteen days after the receipt thereof, give an account of all account with monies received by him for horses so entered to start as afore- distributor of said, to the distributor of (lamps in the county where the race damps. was run, upon demand made by such distributor for the fame,

and producing his appointment as distributor under the hands and seals of three of the commissioners of his Majesty's stamp-duties; and in case of not accounting for and paying the fame, he shall, for every default in not delivering such accounts, pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and for every default of payment of the monies due on such accounts, forfeit and pay double the amount of the monies due on the said accounts at the tithe of such default.

VII. And it i ihereby enabled. That the said head distribu- Allowance to

tors of (lamps, to whom such money shall be paid as aforesaid, be made to shall make an allowance of one shilling in the pound tc\ such £ *urfe clerk of the course, book-keeper, or other person as aforesaid, &c> J

for all monies so accounted for and paid by him to such distributor as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person All persons and persons who, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of keeping

September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall duties keep and use any horse, mare, or gelding, for the purpose of aforesaid, riding, or for the purpose of drawing any carriage subject to the within the duty of excise as herein-before is mentioned, for his, her, or bills of mor-their own use, or the use of any person of or for whom he, (he, ta^y*0^e or they, is, are, or shall be, committees, trustees, or guardians, fhercof to the

O03 if

5j8 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c*3.i.

[1784.

damp-office, if living in London or lVeJhnin or within the limits of the *nd pa»VhC weekly mortality, shall, within twenty days after the

annua uues. fal(] twenty.ninih jay Df S, or within ten days after be or (he shall begin to keep and use such boric, mare or gelding, for riding or drawing as aforesaid, and so, from time to time, within ten days after beginning to keep and use any other such horse for riding or drawing respectively, not being in the place or (lead of any former one kept and used by him or her, and of which notice has been given as aforesaid, and payment for the fame, give notice in writing at the head office in London for (tamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, of his her, or their keeping and using the fame, and of the number of such horses so by him, her, or them respectively kept and used as aforesaid, and of the parish or place where he, she, or they respe&Wely reside, and shall at the same time pay down the respective annual duties so imposed as aforesaid for keeping the same.

And all per-

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person fonskeeping an(j persons who, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of inCany°other September^one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall part of Great keep and use any such horse, mare, or gelding, for riding or Britain, (had drawing, as aforesaid, hereby charged with the said duty, for nonce jjs or fjer own use, or for the use of any person of or for whom hea^difhU or l^ey committees, trustees, or guardians, in

butors of " any other part of Great Brit, shall, within thirty days after stamps, &c. the said twenty-ninth day of, or within twenty days

and pay the after he, she, or they shall begin to keep and use such horse so them!to hereby directed to be charged with the said duty, and from time to time within ten days after beginning to keep and use any other such horse for riding or drawing respectively, not being in the place or (lead of some former one kept and used by him, and of which notice has been given as aforesaid, and payment made for the fame, give notice in writing to the head distributors of (lamps in each county, or to their deputies residing next to the place where such person or persons, for whose use the same shall be so kept, shall respectively inhabit, of his, her, or their keeping the fame, and of the number of such horses so by him, her, or them respectively kept and used as aforesaid, and of the parish or place where he, she, or they respectively reside, and shall at the same time pay down the respective annual duties so imposed as aforesaid, for the keeping the fame,

Persons keep- X. And be it further enacted, That all and every person »ng horses li- and persons who shall give, or be obliged to give, such notice able to the as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, at or within twenty give^relhVo^ days a^!er the expiration of twelve calendar months after the tices, and pay times of giving, or being obliged to give such first notice, to the duties, give a fresh notice in manner aforesaid, and pay down the re-annually. (pective annual duties above-mentioned, according to the number of such horses so by him, her, or them respectively then kept, and in the same manner to renew such notice, and make such payment from year to year, as long as he, she, or they

shall

i7#4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31. 539

(ha!) so keep any such horses as aforesaid; and if any person 0 persons shall so keep any such horse or horses, liable to the said duty as aforesaid, without giving such first or other notice, and making such payments yearly in manner aforesaid, he, she, or penalty, they shall, for every such horse, mare, or gelding, so kept and used by him, her, or them, and of which no notice shall have been given, and payment made as aforesaid respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds for each offence.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No person such person as aforesaid shall be compelled to travel for the need go fur-making fych entry, or the payment of the said duties, if he or *Jjcr than to she live in a market town, out of the said town, or if he or she ket town for" live out of a market town, then to no other place than to the nuking entry, market town neared to his or her habitation.

XII. And, for the betttr securing the duty hereby be it further enacted, That the several collectors of the duties on Panto collec-windows in every parish within Great Britain shall, and they-101* of duties are hereby directed to make out fair and correct lifts, in writ- make'out ing, of the names of all the persons residing within their re- proper lifts of spective pari (lies liable to the payment of the duties on win- persons liable dows, together with the number of windows for which each the said person is charged with the said duty, and to deliver the same to deliver the the distributor of stamps, or his deputy residing in the neared (afnc to the market town in the same county where such parish shall lie, distributors who shall pay to such collector the sum of two shillings for every of stamps; hundred names contained in such lifts, and so in proportion for any less number of names; and if such collector shall refuse on penalty of or neglect to return such lifts signed by him, or shall deliver in Sl* any fraudulent or fictitious lift, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the head distributor Distributor of of stamps, or his deputy, to whom such lifts shall be delivered (lamps to call by such collector of the duties on windows, shall call at the on jJ1* dwelling-house or place of abode of every person contained in havenotreei-such lift, who shall not have registered any horse, mare, or ftered any gelding, liable to the duty hereby imposed, and shall make a horse, &c. demand of the duty if any such be due; and if any person shall demand refuse to pay the same after such demand n>ade, and shall be the ul^ "c* convicted of having kept and used any horse, mare, or gelding,

liable to the duty hereby imposed, such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, upon the payment Names of tht of the said duties so hereby granted at the said head office of persons pay-{lamps in London, or to the respective offices in the country, by ,n£1 duty*

T, 1 r - 1- 1 r / and the nuin-

the several owners or proprietors of any such horse or horles paicj

liable to the said duty as aforesaid, the names of the persons so &c. to be en-

paying the fame, and the number of horses by him or her re- teredina respectively kept, and the name of the parish or place where he, S'1*®1*

lhe, or they reside, shall be entered in a register to be kept at

O o j. the

r

' v

given on ment of t duties.

To what horses this act shall not extend.

54Q Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31; [1784.

the said head office of (lamps, if in j and, if in the coun-

try, by the said head distributors of (lamps, or their deputies. Receipts to be for that purpose, by the person so receiving the fame; and a receipt shall be given to every person so paying such duties by the persons so receiving the fame; which receipt shall contain the number of the said regider, the number of such horses so respectively entered and paid for the him paid for the same, and the time for which such sum shall have been so paid, and be a discharge to the respective owners for such number of horses so paid for, wheresoever the same are respectively used.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge with the said duties, any horse belonging to any non-commissioned officer or private soldier of any of the regiments of cavalry in his Majesty's service, nor to any horse, mare, or gelding, belonging to and kept for sale, and not for hire, in the (lables of any dealer in horses licensed pursuant to this a<5l; nor to any horse, mare, or gelding, let to hire for travelling pod, by the mile, or from (lage to dage, or let to hire for a day, or less period of time, by any podmader, innkeeper, or other person licensed for that purpose by the commissioners appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said officers at

the head office of damps in, or their respective officers

in the country, shall, and they are hereby required, within thirty days after payment of the duty hereby imposed, to affix a true copy of the regider (herein-before directed to be kept) oa the door of the church belonging to the parish where the person or persons keeping and using such horse or horses shall re-fide; and if any person shall reside in any extra-parochial place, thin on the door of the parish church next adjoining; and in which regider or lid so to be affixed, shall be inserted the name of the person, and the number of the horses so paid for by such person, and the times when the fame were so paid:

Penalty on de* and if any person or persons shall designedly and wilfully tear facing them, down, obliterate, deface, or destroy, such regider and lift (b affixed as aforesaid, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings for each and every offence, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

Clause relative

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where *9 persons who any persons shall have divers places of residence, and shall keep stivers at cac^ P*ace any horse or horses chargeable with the duty places of re- by this all imposed, every such person shall, and is hereby re-bdence. quired, within the space of one month after the payment of the said duties, if the same shall be paid at the head office in Lea-don, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the damp officer in the market town neared to such place of his or her residence, a duplicate of every such entry, or the regider so made by such person, mentioning, at the foot of every such duplicate, the time when such original entry or regider shall have been made, and the duties paid as aforesaid; upon pain that every such person

Copies of re-giIters to be aflixed on church doors

541

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31.

ton neglecting to deliver such duplicate shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shall be divided Penalties bow and distributed in manner following; that is to say, one moiety to be divided* thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other

moiety thereof, witH full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Any neigh-any justice of the peace redding near the place where the of- bouringjuffence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence

against this act; which said justice of the peace is hereby autho- against rized and required, upon any information exhibited, or com- this act.5 plaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, and shall examine into the matter cf fact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his warrants, under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures Penalties may so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to jj? levied be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within fix dlftrefsi days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where or the off;n-the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer de* commit-the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain tc for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied: and if any person or persons Persons ag-shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of grieved may any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving fd-

security to the amount of the value of such penalty and for- ^oas!^ * feiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such udgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace it The next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place. Who are hereby impowered to summon and examine wii-lefles upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame 5 and ii> case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall eem meet.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness Persons sum-Dr witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of n>oned 10,aP-the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, ndfc*<balC<» cither on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons default, far-accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and teat 40s. place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom

the

54*

Justice may mitigatf penalties.

Duties to be paid to the receiver-general of stamp-duties, and by him paid into the exchequer.

Auditor to provide a book for entering the duties separate from all others.

Application

thereof.

Defendants may plead the general issue.

and have treble costs.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31. [1784.

the prosecution shall be depending; that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the Him of forty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as are herein-before directed as to other penalties.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall (ee cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think lit, reasonable costs and charges oflhe officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges*, any thitfg contained in this act, or any other act of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein-before granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raidog* paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner,« the duties now charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the an* ditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided and kept a bode or books, in which all the monies arising from the said ferenj rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any accoitf whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said receiptoi exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of tit several annuities, and all such other charges and expences a are directed to be paid and pajable, pursuant to an act of th ^srefent session of parliament, (intituled.

certain sum of money by way of annuities and for a

tery.)

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be Aid, molested, or prosecuted for any thing by him or them d&ne ofj executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evident for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict pass for the'defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or tiffs become nonfuired, then such defendant or defendants rtw-| have treble costs avyarded to him or them against such plaints or plaintiffs.

CAP.

1784*} Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 32 - 34.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to postpone the payment of the sum of two millions, advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and-' ' eighty-one.

Act of at Geo. 3. c. 60. and 11 Geo. 3. c. 3. recited. Repayment of the Turn of 1,000,000l. to the bank postponed to Jan. 5, 1786. Exchequer rills made out by virtue of this a Gtto bear 3 per cent, interest, until that period. Bills so issued not to be received again in payment of taxes; nor :xchanged before Jan. 5, 1786. Action not to lie for such retufal. Priori pal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of any supplies to be granted for the year 17851 or charged on the sinking fund. Monies so JTued to be replaced out of the firit supplies.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the feryiee of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty*four.

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 1,500,000l. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1785, as by malt tax act of last session, to be charged on the Unking fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the hilt supplies.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the relitf of the East India company with rejjtffl to the

payment oj certain sums due to the publick, and to the acceptance

of certain bills drawn upon the said company, and for regulating the dividends to be made by the Jsaid company.

WHEREAS the united company of merchants England preamble.

trading to the East Indies, on and at sundry times before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three,

became and now Jland indebted to his Maj for duties of customs

on goods imported, in sundry sums of monamounting together to

the sum of nine hundred twenty‘three thousand five hundred and -

teen pounds five shillings and two-pence, after making certain deductions and allowances to which, by law, the said company are intitled, on due payment of the said customs on or before the respective days on which the fame became due; and the said company also (land indebted to his Majesty in the further sum ofone hundred thousand pounds> which became due on the first day 17/December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for the last payment appointed to have been made in respect of the sum of four hundred thousand mentioned in an all made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing an agreement with Recital of 11 the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Geo. 3. c. 65* Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for the use of the publick, in full discharge and satis-faction of all claims and demands of the publick from the time the bond debt of the said company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March; one thousand

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34. [1784.

thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the -dies; and also for securing to the publick in respect thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of to clear revenues and profits of the said company; and for grant* ing to the said company, for a further term, the foie and cxdu-five trade to and from the East, and limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in Ink as in Europe, and the recruiting the military forces of the said

company: and whereas by the said all, made in the year of the reign of his present, amongst ether

things, enabled, That, from and after the first day of March,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, for and during Jo long (not as the said united company, under the authority of that all, intitled to the whole, foie, and excl trade and in, to, enl

from the East Indies, and places in the said all the whin

clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenue

after defraying the charges and expences attending the fame, tegethff with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after f-viding for the current payment of interest, and other outgoing charges, and expences of the said company, from time to tint,

be disposed of and applied in manner therein and herein after m-tioned\ f that is to say); it should be lawful for the pany to flu apart and retain, in the first place, in each and tvoj year, such sum as should be equal to eight pounds per centum pc annum, upon the capital stock of the said united company of tint millions two hundred thousand p5 and in case there main a surplus of the said clear revenues and profits above the sum of eight pounds per centum per annum, to be said united company as aforesaid, three fourth parts of fetch

profits should be feet apart and applied for the of the publui, & the remaining one fourth part thereof should be reserved and by the said united company for their own use: and it was ther dialled. That it should be lawful for the said united compel!> apply such money as they-were therein before to retaint!

therfijelves, and also other money in the said act mentioned, «fa payment of dividends to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of twelve pounds ten pc

centum per annum; provided the bond debt of the said not at any such time exceed one million five hundred and provided that they did not increase the present pounds per centum per annum, more than at the rate ontftd per centum in each and every year:and, in order to fa yearly net profits arising from the said united company's trade ?[ revenues, it was further enabled. That the said united company Jb^j ccufe to be made out yearly, for each and every year, during the ther tin mentioned, with as much accuracy as the nature of the would admit, a Jlatcment of the profits and loss upon the whole of fa trade and revenues of the said united company, together witbapu of the debts" of the said united company in England, the first

1784V] Anno vicesimo quarto GeorghIII. c\34« 5+5

of March in every year, to the first toy of March each year; which said account was to be signed and delivered to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high for the

time being, as therein is mentioned: and to the said act, such Jiatement as therein is mentioned of the profit and loft

upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the said united company bath been annually made up and delivered to the of hit

Majesty's treasury; and by the last of such made up from the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

to the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and four, it appears, that after debiting and bringing forward the deficiencies of former years, and the said dividend of eight pounds per

centum, allowed to be retained by the cothere was a deficiency on the said account, up to the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, of the sum of one hundred -thousand nine hundred and forty-one pounds: and besides

the said debts due to his Majesty, as aforesaid, the said company have been allowed to increase their bond debt to the amount of five hundred thousand pounds, over and above the sum of one million five hundred 1

thousand pounds, mentioned in the said act of the twenty-first year of his present Majesty's reign; and the said company also fiand indebted in the sum of three hundred thousand polent and advanced to

them upon sundry exchequer bills, which will become due and payable on the sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and the fame having been made out and delivered to the said pursuant to an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting relief to the united. 0ft, company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi by Geo. 3.*c. 8j,

allowing further time for the payment of certain sums due, and to become due to the publick, and by advancing to the said company, on the terms therein mentioned/ a certain sum of money to be raised by loans or exchequer bills; and to enable the said company to make a dividend of four pounds per centum to the proprietors at Christmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and to regulate the future payment of debentures of drawbacks on East India goods; by which said act it was enacted, That, until the debts therein and herein before mentioned to be due to his Majesty should be paid, the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds repaid, and the bond debt of the said company be ogam reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial and after defraying the charges and expenses attending the fame, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for the current payment of interefi, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the said company, and for such dividends to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, as they should be intitled or allowed to make, receive; and take, should, from time time, be disposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say), in the first place, in diminution and payment of the said debts due to his Majesty until the fame should be fully paid; and wards, in diminution and payment of the said sum of three hundred

44-6 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34. [1784.

thufand pounds and interest, and for dtfraying the charges in respect thereof; and then, in reducing the bond debt of the jail company until the fame should be reduced to one million five

thousand pounds: and whereas, over and besides debts due ti

his Majesty, the said increofed bond debt, and the said exchequer bilk, sundry bills of exchange have been drawn upon the court of directcn of the said united company from their different presidencies and meats in India, to the amount of one million six hundred and nirutj thousand pounds, or thereaboutsover and bills drawn frets

the fall ory at China, and over and besides the sum of three thousand pounds a year in bills of exchange, allowed to be paid by the court of directors of the said company of their own rity, and other bills of exchange are expelled to be drawn upon said court of directors: and whereas it is expedient that a further reasonable time should be allowed to the company for the payments if the debts due as aforesaid, on confederation of their revenues and profits, beyond a reasonable dividend to the, being appe-

aled to such payments, as fa ft as the fame come into cafb: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ani commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the an* Commission- thority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ers of the the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, treasury may or any three or more of them, to postpone and allow further company fur-' t,me ^or the Payment of the kid sum of nine hundred and ther time for twenty-three thousand five hundred and nineteen pounds fire payment of shillings and two-pence, which became due for customs atfech the sums due several times as herein-before are mentioned; and of the lickh but not ^um onc ^un<^re(* thousand pounds, which became due on

beyond Jan. the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and 1, 1796. eighty-one, or any part or parts of the said several sums respectively, unto such time or times as they shall think fit, not be* yond the first day of "January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*fix; and if the said united company do and shall the said sums respectively, at such time or times to which the said payments, or any part thereof, respectively shall be pofl* poned as aforesaid, the same shall be accepted and received in like manner as if the said sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective days on which the said sums became due; and the said united company, upon such payment at such postponed time or times, shall be freed and discharged from all damages, interest, and losses, which they be* came liable to by means of not having made the said payments respectively at the several times on which the fame became due;, and shall be intitled unto, and have the fame discounts, also* ances, and advantages, as if the said sums respectively had been paid on or before the several and respective days on which they became due; any thing in any act or acts of parliament in aflja wise notwithstanding. 1

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeM i That

lay

178+.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34; 547

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of direct- Directorawith >rs of the said united company, by and with the consent and consent of ipprobation of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for commissioners

may ac-certain ex-

uch terms and conditions, and with such interest, as the said change, &c. :ommissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or my three or more of them, ft>all think fit, and shall allow by writing under their hands.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the said prior;ty fa rcmmissioners of the treasury, in so adjuring and settling the payment of >ayments of the said bills of exchange, shall give a priority in such hill*, he respective payments, according as the fame would have ac- J10^0 be :rued if the said bills had been discharged in regular course; dueJU c egard therein being had to the several dates of the said bills, to

:he times when the fame were severally tendered for acceptance, ind to the respective periods in which they were originally made payable.

IV. And, in order to make proper provisio, and give security to tie creditors of the said company for the payment of the said, be

t further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the The clear re-laid debts due to his Majesty, and the said bills of exchange, to venues and be accepted with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, Profit*of shall be paid, the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, bc^ppHcd^n borrowed on the said exchequer bills, repaid, and the bond manner fol-debt of the said company be again reduced to one million five lowing t hundred thousand pounds, the whole clear profits arising from the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, after defraying the :harges and expences attending the fame, together with all the clear revenues and profits of the said company, after providing for the said bills of exchange to be accepted with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, together with the current payment of interest, and other outgoings, charges, and expences of the said company, shall, from time to time, be disposed of and applied in manner following; (that is to say,) it shall For making a and may be lawful to and for the said united company to set dividend of apart and retain, in the first place, in each and every year, such *, Per cent/ sum as shall be equal to eight pounds per centum per, ^01?-°^"" upon the capital stock of the said united company of three millions two hundred thousand pounds; and the said company shall and may, from time to time, paake dividends to the proprietors of the flock of the said company, not exceeding the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, notwithstanding any :hing contained in the said recited acts, or either of them; and, n the next place, the said clear profits shall be applied in pay- in payment of Dents of the said debts due to his Majesty, and the said three the debtsdue hundred thousand pounds, borrowed upon the said exchequer to his Majesty, bills, and the interest and charges thereof; and from and after Fuch payments as aforesaid shall be made, then in diminution ?n<* r*d°c-md payment of the bond debt of the said company, until the debt&c 4

fame 9

54*

Deficiency in the annual account, ending March i, 1784,to be carried forward as a charge in the account of the piefentyear.

[Preamble.]

The bishop of London, or any other bi-<hop by him appointed, may admit aliens to the order of deacon or priest, without their talcing the oath of alle-gience. Persons so ordained, not to exercise their office in his Majesty's dominions.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 35- [*7*4:

lame shall be reduced to the sum of one million five hundred thousand poundsj and from and after such reduction of the said bond debt, such division of the said profits between the publick and the said united company shall again take place and be resumed, as is mentioned in the said act of the twenty-frit year of the reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said deficiency of one hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and forty-one pounds, appearing in the said annual account made up to the fird day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be carried forward as 1 charge in the account of the present year; and in case any deficiency shall appear in the account of any subsequent year, daring the continuance of the participation between the publid and the company, mentioned in the said act of the twenty-fin: year of the reign of his present Majesty, such deficiency shall, from time to time, be carried forward to, and charged in, the account of the then next year.

CAP. XXXV.

An oH to impower the bishop of London for the time being,

other bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the order of i*-1 or trie ft, persons being subjects or citizens of countries out if r[

/ Majestfs dominions, without requiring them to take tbs od'i

allegiance as appointed by law. 1

WHEREAS, by the laws of this

shall be admitted to holy orders is to take the oath of alltp& in manner thereby provided; and whereas there are divers subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majesifs

habiting and residing within the said, who profijs

publick worship of almighty God according to the liturgy tf > church of England, and are deftrous that the word of & the sacraments, flmldcontinue to be unto them

ingto the said liturgy, by subjects or citizens of the said eountr--

ordained according to the form of'ordination in the church of En; land; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty» b and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and ter. poral, and commons, in this present parliament afiemb^ and by the authority of the same, That, from and after passing of this act shall and may be lawful to and for thebt ship of London for the time being, or any other bishop by to be appointed, to admit to the order of deacon or pried, forth purposes aforesaid, persons being subjects or citizens of counts out of his Maiedy’s dominions, without requiring them take the oath of allegiance.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That no pc son, ordained in the manner herein-before provided only, so be thereby enabled to exercise the office of deacon or pr^ within his Majesty's dominions.

IH.Pr<

1784.] Anno vicesimo quafto Geo it art III. c. $6. 54$

III. Provided always, and be it further eha&ed,* That in the The name letters testimonial of such orders, there shall be inserted the country, name of the person so ordained, with the addition of the coun- ^ain^ try whereof he is a subject or citizen, and the further descripti- id to be in-on of his not haying taken the said oath of allegiance, being ferted in the exempted from the obligation of so doing by virtue of this letter* testi.

a.

CAP. XXXVI.

moniaU

An act for repealing the present duties upon wax candles. mads

in Great Britain $ and far grantings in lieu thereof other duties upon wax candles made in Great Britain, and upon wax imported, and upon licences to make or fell wax candles in Great Britain.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament made in the eighth year preamble.’

of the reign of Queen Anne, intitAn act for laying Rccitaj of certain duties upon candles, and certain rates upon monies to g Anne, c. 9, be given with clerks and apprentices, towards railing, her Majesty's supply for the year one thousand seven hundred and ten, among other things, during the term of five years from the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and a duty of four-pence for ovtry pound weight avoirdupois was imposed on all candles of wax, or usually called or fold for wax, (notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredients the,) which should be made in Great Britain; and by another act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for reviving, and 9 Ann*! continuing, and appropriating, certain duties upon several c. 6. commodities to be exported; and certain duties upon coais to be water-borne and carried coastwise 5 and for granting further duties upon candles, for thirty-two years, to raise fifteen hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and for suppressing such unlawful lotteries, and such insurance offices, as are therein mentioned,) an additional duty of four-pence for every pound weight avoirdupoii was, during thirty-two from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and imposed on all candles of wax, or usually called or fold for wax candles, (notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredients -withy) which should be made in Great Britain; which said duties of four-pence per pound, and four-pence per pound, have fencep by other acts of parliament, been continued for ever: and whereas the fraudulent practice of making wax candles in fotret and obfeurt plates, without payment of duty, has of late greatly to

She prejudice of the fair trader, and the injury of the revenue, which fraudulent practice cannot so effectually be prevented as by lowering the duties1 on wax candles made in Great Britain, and by imposing an additional duty an all wax imported into Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this profent parliament assembled,

Yol. XXXIV. pjT and

(yGoOgl

e

55°

From Sept. f, 178^ ths duties on wax candles to ctafe.

And instead thereof, the following duties shall be

f>aid; vide-icet,

Anno irfee&no quarto GEORGII III. C. 36. [1784.

iridbytbe authority of the same, That, from *nd after Ac first day of ^September* one thou find seven hundred and eighty-four, the aforesaid duties of four-pence, and four-pence, for every pound weight avoirdupois on ail candles of wax, or usually called or fold for wax candles, made shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; five and' except in all cases relating to the recovering any of the aforesaid duties which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture incurred before or upon the said fed day of September* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

II. And* tb the intent that, no deficiency may happen*

termination of the/aid duties* in the funds to which

duties were appropriated* be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be answered and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and succeslots* the several duties herein after mentioned; that is to say;

For all Wax For and upon all wax which, after the said first day of Sep imported, timber, shall be imported or brought into the kingdbtn of Gref after Sept, i, Britain, over and above all customs, subsidies, and other duties tiom|:duty of alrca<ty imposed thereupon, the sum of two-pence for evey *d. per 7 pound weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or pound. iefler quantity; the said duty for and upon all imported W & be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, before die landing the fame:

For all wax And there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his candles made Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all caisdki in Great Bri- of wax* or usually called or fold for wax candles, (notwkb* tarn, a duty of (landing the mixture of any other ingredients therewith,) 3 P?r which, after the said first day of September* shall be made Great Britain* the sum of three-pence for every pound wdgb* avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity;

And there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all candles made of (permaceti, or usually called or fold for spermaceti candks, (notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredient therewith,) which, after the said first day of, shall bcnpde

in Great Britain, the sum of three-pence for every pobm weight avoirdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lew quantity.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

New duty up- That the said duty upon imported wax by this act grsnwt ported* cTbe ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, and n*

levied and Ve- fwered, by such rules, ways, and means, and under such pt* covered in the nalties and forfeitures, and in such mannftr and form as *bc same manner present duties upon wax imported are, by any law or (ftw*8 duties/^ now *n force*to ascertained, secured, raised, levied, record-

ed, or answered.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefo

e

pound.

And for sper-maceti can diet, 3 d. per pound.

t?84.]Anno vicesimo quarto GeoRQIiIIT. C. $6. 551

That the duties by this act imposed upon wax imported, shall The dime, beiubjestand liable to the additional duties or imposts ofiiveaP<*n wax impounds per centum, and five pounds ptr centum y federally itnpof-

ed by the acts respectively ihade in the nineteenth and twenty- additional 5 second years of the reign of his present Majesty, upon the pro- per cents, im-duce and amount thereof; and that such additional duties or poled oy 19 imposts of five pounds ptr centumy and five pounds per, 3’q* 15>

shall be raised, levied, oollefted, and paid, in the same manner, Jt c 4^, and under the same rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional duties or imposts are, by the said acts of the nineteenth and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, directed to be col* lested and paid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties imposed by this act upon imported wax And shall be as shall arise in England, 1ralesy and the town of Berwick, Ifder the raa*

Tweed, shall be under the management of the commissioners [hccommim-and officers of the customs in England; and such of the duties oners of cu 1- imposed by this act upon imported wax as shall arise in toms.

shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of the customs in Scotland5 and all the monies arising by and be paid the dudes imposed by (his aft on wax imported into Great - into the ex-taeny (the necessary charges of railing and accounting for the chetlucr* fame excepted,) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at 1Westminster, and are hereby appropriated and shall be applied, one moiety thereof to the same Application uses and purposes, in such manner and under such regulations, thereof, as the monies arising by the duties imposed, by the aforesaid act of the eighth year of Queen Anne, upon Imported wax candles, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied 5 and the other moiety thereof to the same uses and purposes, in such manner, and under such regulations, as the monies arising by the duties imposed, by the said act of the ninth year of Queen Anne% upon imported wax candles, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied*

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, upon the exportation of any wax from this Exporters of cingdom to any port or place beyond the fear as merchandize, which he exporter shall be paid and allowed a drawback of the ba# P.a,d the lutict paid upon the importation of such wax, by virtue of this duty"®* (ft, which drawback or allowance shall be made in such man- be allowed a ler, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfei- drawback of ures, in all respects, as any former drawback or allowance,the fmt« ayable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of rax, was, could, or might be made before the passing this <St.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

"hat all such candles of wax, or usually called or fold for wax Candles felted andles, as, from and after the first day of, one thou-far nonpay.

nd seven hundred and eighty-four, mall be seized on impor-J®*n* ition or otherwise, and be legally condemned for nonpayment,^ &c<

p p 2 «f ’

55 2

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 36. [1784.

of the duties thereon, shall, immediately after such condemnation, be broken, or otherwise defaced, and rendered unfit for use.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Snd^made afbrclkid. That the duties by this act imposed for and upon all in Great Bri- wax candles made in Great Britain, shall, from time to time, tain, to be le* be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such vi«d andre- ways and means, and under such management, and under such famYmanner penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and as the former mitigating penalties, and forfeitures, and with such power of duties. making compositions and other powers, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in such method, manner, and form, as the duties upon candles made in Great Britain, granted by the aforesaid acts of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Queen Anne, are by those acts, or Powers of the by any law or statute thereby referred unto, or since made, to acts of Sand be raised, received, levied, recovered, or secured; and that 9 Anne, &c. the said acts, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, in execution6 authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein con-of this act. tained, or thereby referred unto, or (ince enacted, for the raif* ing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, w & counting for the duties upon candles made in Great Brito thereby granted, are by force of this act continued, and Oul be practised and put in execution for railing, receiving, levying* recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the duties 00 wax candles made in Great Britain hereby granted, and b making allowances out of the fame, ps fully and effectually, ® all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at in? repeated in this present act.

Prom Sept, i,

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeftt 1784. a duty That, from and after the said first day of, there

every unto b*s Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty

ficence for ^vc pounds for every licence to be taken out, in manner bereft-making wax after mentioned, by every person making wax candles or fp* or spenriaceti maceti candles within Great Britain; and a duty of five

anH ings for every licence to be taken out, in manner herein* mentioned, by every person whatsoever trading in or M wax candles or spermaceti candles within Great

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforei& That the several duties by this act imposed upon wax caodjj and upon spermaceti candles made in Great, and *!5!rf-t-tre licences to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, and Ii< posts of 5 per' ces to.trade in or fell wax candles or spermaceti candles, 1 cent, imposed be subject and liable to the additional duties or imports of by 19 ueo. 3. pounds per centum, five pounds per, and five pounds

*s, si Geo. centum, severally imposed by the acts respectively made in mGw’jIc, nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-feedhd years of thetu?| 66, upon the* of his present Majesty, upon the produce and amount theft] amount there- of; and that such additional duties or imports of five poun of* per centum, five pounds per, and five pounds per tt*

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the fame

candles, and s. for every licence for felling thereof.

The inland duties to be

553

17 84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 36.

ter, and under the Tame rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional Juries or imports are by the said acts of the nineteenth, twenty-irft, and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign di-ected to be collected and paid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. After Sept. 1, That, from and after the said first day of September, no person /Jntomakeo* >r persons whatsoever who now doth, or at any time hereafter fell wax or hall make, or trade in, or fell any wax candles or spermaceti spermaceti randies, shall presume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any candle‘ with-jther person employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or out a ,lcence* heir benefit, either publickly or privately, to make, trade in,

>r fell any wax candles or spermaceti candles without first tak-ng out a licence in manner herein after mentioned, before he, he, or they shall make, or trade in, or fell any wax candles or "permaceti candles; and such person shall, immediately upon aking out such licence, pay down for the fame respectively the Tom of money after-mentioned; that is to say, the sum of five Licence for rounds for a licence to make wax candles or spermaceti can- making. 5). dies, am) the sum of five shillings for a licence to trade in or for felling, 5s* ell wax candles, or spermaceti candles j and, if such licences At what shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise placet licences n London, then such licence shall be granted under the hands are to be taken

md seals of two or more of his Majesty's commissioners for the oul*

Junes of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons is the commissioners of excise shall from time to rime appoint for that purpose, and the respective duty for the same shall be Hid at the chief office of excise in London 5 and if such licences shall be taken out in any part of England or not within

he said limits, then such licences shall be granted under the lands and seals of the several collectors or supervisors of excise within their respective collections and dirtricts, and the re* jpective duty of five pounds or five shillings shall be paid for such licences to the collector of excise within whose collection uch licence shall be so granted; and in case such licence shall ie taken out within the limits of the city of, such li-

cence shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his Majesty's commissioners of excise in, for the time

icing, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of ex--ifc in Scotland shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, ind the respective duty for the same shall be paid at the chief of* ice of excise in Edinburgh; and if such licences shall betaken jut in any other part of Scotland without the limits aforesaid, then [uch licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the cveraI collectors and supervisors of excise within their respective 'ollections and dirtricts, and the respective duties for the fame shall be paid to the collectors of excise within whose collection uch licence shall be so granted; and such respective commissi-jners of excise, and the persons so to be appointed by them respectively, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such V

P p 3 licences

Dig- y

554

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $6. [1784.

licences respectively to the persons who shall apply for the fame, upon payment of five pounds for a licence to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, or upon payment of five shillings for a licence to trade in or fell wax candles or spenni-ceti candles.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Licences to be That every person or persons who shall take out any such licence renewed an- as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fire(h licence, anally. jcn at |east before the expiration of twelve calendar

months after taking out the first licence, before he, she, or they presume to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, or to trade in or fell wax candles or spermaceti candles, and in the same manner shall renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like sum of five pounds for every new or renewed licence to make wax candles or spermaceti candles, and the like sum of five shillings for every new or renewed licence to trade in or fell wax candles or spermaceti candles, in manner Every person and at the places and times before mentioned $ and if any per* makeor fell ^on or Persons shall, after the said first day of September, pre-ro r fume or offer to make any wax candles or spermaceti candles without first taking out a licence for making the same, or to trade in or fell any wax candles or spermaceti candles without fri taking out a licence for trading in or felling the fame, and without renewing such respective licence yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the to of twenty pounds for each offence.

XIII. Provided always, That persons in partnership, no^oblf'ed to carry*nS on their trade or business of making or of trading in takeoufmore f®N*|ng wax candles or spermaceti candles in one house otto? than one li- only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one l icence so

making, or more than one licence for felling, in any one year; and that no licence granted by virtue of this a(hail author/# any person or persons to make, or trade in, or fell any wax caudles or spermaceti candles, in any other house or place than house, or places thereto belonging, wherein, he, she, or for shall dwell at the time ofgranting such licence.

XIV. Provided also, That no person that shall take out a

licence for making wax candles or spermaceti candles, and to pay the said duty of five pounds for the fame for one year, W, be obliged to takeout a licence for trading in or felling*11 candles or spermaceti candles, or to pay the said duty of to shillings during the same year 5 but it shall be lawful for toh person or persons so taking out such licence for making candles or spermaceti candles, and paying the said duty far to fame, to trade in or fell wax candles or spermaceti candle* ring the year he, she, or they shall be so licensed to make to fame, without taking out any other licence for trading in & felling wax candles or spermaceti candles.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforetoh That such of the said duties as are charged upon licence* £ England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upm Tweed,

(uqh candles without taking out a licence, or renewing the fame, to forfeit sol.

Persons in

fence, &c.

Persons who have taken out a licence for making such candles, may sell the same without any other licence.

Duties on licences to be

i?84j Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 36. 555

under the management of the commissioners and officers of his under the ma- Majesty's revenue of excise in England> and such of the said du- nagement of ties as are charged upon such licences in, shall be under gonereaTex*

the management of the commissioners and officers of excise in cife in Eng-Scotland, and all the monies arising by the said licences, and by land and Scot-the duties by this act imposed upon wax candlea or spermaceti ^DCj respect candles made in Great Britain (the necessary charges of railing |iv*!y* and accounting for the fame excepted,) shall, from time to p^d ;#ot® time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at exchequer.

Westminster\ and are hereby appropriated and shall be applied. Application one moiety thereof to the same uses and purposes, in such man- thereof, ner, and under such regulations, as the monies anting by the duties imposed by the aforesaid a St of the eighth year of Queen.

Anne* upon wax.candles made in Great, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied; and the other moiety thereof to the same uses and purposes, in such manner and under such regulations, as the monies arising by the duties im^ posed by the aforesaid a St of the ninth year of Quern Anne, upon wax candles made in Great Britain, now are appropriated unto and directed to be applied.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, for- All the pow-fcitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by any act, and penal-statute, or law, made and now in force, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, to the inland raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudg- duties on ing, or ascertaining the excise or inland duty or duties upon pa®dlc,*.to candles, or upon any licences granted by the commissioners of exqfe or inland duties, shall be practised, used, and put in tins execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties by this act imposed upon wax candles and upon spermaceti candies made in Great Britain and upon licences for making wax candles or spermaceti candles, and licences for trading in or felling wax candles or spermaceti candles, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, j

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such bow to ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture covered and may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or applied* by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scat land and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform, sue for, or discover the /ante.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any aCUon or (uit shall be brought or commenced a-

WP p 4 gainst

55*

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37. [1784.

gaind any person or persons for any matter or thing by hint* her, or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this act such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county *, and the defendant or defendants in fucti General issue. action or suit may. plead the general issue, and give this and the special matter in evidence at ahy trial to be had thereupon* and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by authority of this a(5t; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants rrtftt shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, Or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional rates of

pojiagefor conveyance of Utters and by the within the kingdom of Great Britain 5 for preventing frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goods in packets', and for further preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Utters isnd packets free from pefi-age.

[Preamble.]

from Aug.31, *7*4.,.the following additional rates of pottage to be taken fa all letters and packets in Great Britain; videlicet.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Maiedy's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, to* wards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies 10 defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voh tarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do moll hum* bly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s tnoft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the thirty-first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's podmader general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto diffidently authorised, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demaitd, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of all such letters and packets which he shall convey, carry, or fend pod within the kingdom of Great Britain, according to the several rates and sums hereafter mentioned, the fame being rated by the letter or by the ounce, in addition to all other rates and duties, now payable for the conveyance of letters and packets by the pod within the said kingdom, by any act or acts of parliament now in forces that is to lays

For

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C-37- 55/

For the port and conveyance of every Tingle letter, To coo- For one post ▼eyed or carried by the port as aforesaid, not exceeding one j*aKc sing,c whole post stage from the office where such letter may be put ctter* *" in, within ttfe said kingdom of Great the sum of one penny s

For every double letter, two-pence: Double, d.

For every treble letter, three-pence: Treble, 3d.

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and To in pro- ounce wt. portion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con- Tww-post ▼eyed or carried by the post above one post stage, and not ex- EnglindO ceecding two post stages, from the office where such letter may fi,||C letter, be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain sd. called England, the Turn of one penny: Double, sd*

For every double letter, two-pence: Treble, 3d*

For every treble letter, three-pence: Ounce wt.

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and so in pro* id. portion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con- jpfchty milesi ▼eyed or carried by the post above two post stages, and not ex- JJ*1* ceeding eighty English miles, distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called England, the sum of one penny:

For every double letter, two-pence: Double, sd*

For every treble letter, three-pence: # Treble, 3 d.

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and so in pro- 0uncc portion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con~ j-J®u^letter, ▼eyed or carried by the post above eighty English miles, and not ,<£ exceeding one hundred and fifty English miles distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called, the sum one

penny:

For every double letter, two-pence: Double, sd.

For every treble letter three-pence: # Treble, 3d.

And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and so in pro- Ounce wtsd* protion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con- A!jov^ ij®. ▼eyed or carried by the post above one hundred and fifty Eng-lip miles distant from the office where such letter may be put 9 in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called England, the sum of two-pence:

For every double letter, four-pence: Doubft, sd*

For every treble letter, sixpence: Treble, 6d.

And for every ounce in weight, eight-pence; and so in pro- Ounce wt. Id* portion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things:

And for the port or conveyance of every single letter, con- From London ▼eyed or carried by the post from the general post office in the to Edinburgh, city of London, unto the city of Edinbin that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or from thence to the said general c 9 post office in the find city of London^and to and from Dumfries

and

558' Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37.

[17*4.

and Cockburnfpttb, and between either of those places and the said city of Edinburgh, the sum of one penny:

Double^ *d. For every double letter, two-pence

Treble,3d. *_ Fareycry treble letter, three-pence:

Ouncewt.4d. And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and so in proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other thing*:

Fifty Engtifft' And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con-

mites, (in veyed Or carried by the post above one post stage, and not ex-

Scotlandj) ceeding; fifty English miles, did ant from the office where such

tingle kt|*r» jctter may pyt jnj within that part of the said kingdom of

ld# Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of one penny:

Double, ,d. For every double letter, two-pence:

Treble, 3d. For every treble letter, three-pence:

Oiinoe wt. *d. And for every ounce in weight, four pence; and so in proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things: Eighty miles;. And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, coo-tingle letter, vsy.e&or carried by the post above fifty English miles, and not exceeding eighty English miles distant from the office where

such letter rpsy be put in, within that part of the faklkingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of one penny:

Double, sd. For every double letter, two-pence:

Treble, 3d. Fbr every treble letter, three-pence:

Ounce wt. *d. And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and so in proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things: 150'mifet; And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, contingle letter, veyed or carried by the post above eighty English miles, and not exceeding one hundred and fifty English miles, distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of one

penny:

Double, id, For every double letter, two-pence:

Treble, 3d. For every treble letter, three- pence:

Ounce,wt.4d. And for every ounce in weight, four-pence; and (o in pro-' portion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things: Above 150 And for the port and conveyance of every single letter, con-miles; single veyed or carried by the post above one hundred and fifty letter, sd. UJh miles distant from the office where such letter may be put in, within that part of the said kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the ifum of two-pence:

Double, 4d. For every double letter, four-pence:

Treble, 6d. For every treble letter, six pence:

Ounce wt. 8d. And for every ounce in weight, eight-pence; and so in proportion for every packet of writs, deeds, or other things*

Restrictions II- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no letter relative to or packet (not passing through London,} to or from

ttter* {°ror the intermediate places by the way of GarUJU, shall pay an from Glasgow, of poftpge than if the fame had paled through Edinburgh, to or from Glasgow; and that no letter or packet, passing to or from Edinburgh,or any intermediate places in aw

Scotland, north of London, shall be subject to an higher rate ef. postage

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57. 559

postage than seven-pence for a Angle letter, and so in proportion.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No letter un-letter or packet, together with the content* thereof, shall be ^"®nehoun£? taxed or rated at an higher rate of postage, according to the higher than at rates and duties granted by any former act or acts of parlia- a treble letter* ment, or by this present act, than as a treble letter, unless the fame shall be one ounce in weight; and that all letters and packets of the weight of one ounce shall be rated as four (Jng^e letters, and so in proportion for every quartet of an ounce above the weight of one ounce, reckoning each quarter of an ounce as a Angle letter.

IV. And, for the prevention of frauds on the, by the in* portation into this kingdom, in Utters or packets sent by post,of

goods which are prohibited to be imported, or on the importation of which a*duty is payabU; be it further enacted, That from and Directioni re* after the passing of this a <51, whenever any foreign letter or l*hve tofb-packet, containing any inclosure, shall be received at any of the offices of the general poll office, it shall and may be lawful for conodning any of the officers employed in the said office to carry,such let- prohibited ter or packet to any justice of peace, or other magistrate for the X00*1* btee town, district, or county, in which such office shall be Atuate, and to make oath before such magistrate, that he suspects the same to contain goods which are prohibited to be imported, or on the importation of which a duty is payable; and it shall then be lawful for him, in the presence of the said magistrate, to cut with a penknife in and through the folds of the said letter or packet; and its inclosure or indofures, one opening or (lit not exceeding two inches in length; and if it shall then If "if such appear to the said magistrate that any such goods as aforesaid Jhweiiiffiev are contained therein, he shall proceed forthwith to open the are to be dL said letter or packet, and shall immediately, in presence of the (toyed* laid officer, destroy such goods; and in such case, the magistrate shall indofe such letter or packet in a cover, in which shall be written an attestation Agned by him, containing the name of the officer by whom such letter or packet shall have been brought to him, the time of its been so brought, and the quantity and description of the goods found therein, and attesting that the fame were then by him destroyed, and shall deliver the said letter or packet so indofed, end also sealed by him, to the said officer, to be by him forwarded to the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, who shall, on the receipt thereof, cause to be paid to the said officer any sum not exceeding Ave pounds, nor less than ten shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That if, on making Aich open- if no such ing as aforesaid in such letter or packet, no such goods shall be goods are found therein, the said magistrate shall then inclose the fame found, the in a cover, with an attestation Aped by him, that the opening

in such letter or packet was made in his presence, and shall de- the letter in liver the fame, sealed up, to the said officer, to be transmitted a cover, with by the ordinary course of the pod to the person or persons to ProPer all

whomt€ttMUoa0

560

Not to extend to the penny pod.

Act 4. Geo. 3. c. *4.

"lteftrirtion* relative to Iranking letters by mein* bers of parliaaacnt.

What letter* directed to members of parliament shall be ex> empted from portage.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37.

[1784. whom such letter or packet shall have been directed when it was received at the post office 2 provided always, That no additional portage shall be charged on any such letter or packet in consequence of these proceedings, nor shall any letter or packet be detained thereby beyond the due and regular course of the post, except in cafds of the mod urgent necessity.

VI. Provided always, and.be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be courtrued to extend, to alter, or in anywise to affect the rates or sums to be paid for letters or packets parting by the carriage called Penny Post.

VII. And whereas, notwithstanding the made in-

art off Puffediri the fourth year of the reign of his present

intituled An act for preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of posta^, divers persons have presumed to counterfeit the hand writing, and otherwise fraudulently to make use of the names of

members of parliament in the superfeript of letters and packets sent

by the post, with intent to avoid the payment of the duty of

in order therefore to put the more effectual flop to these frauds and abuses, be it further enacted, That, from and after the end of this present session of parliament, so long as the revenue arising in the general letter office, or post office, or office of post-master general, shall continue to be carried to, and made part of, the aggregate fund, no letter or packet, sent by the port from any place whatsoever within the kingdom of Great Britain, directed by any member of either of the two houses of parliament of Great Britain, (h all be exempted from paying the duty of portage according to the rates established by the several arts of parliament now in force, and by this present act, unless the whole superscription upon every letter or packet so sent shall be of the hand writing of the member directing the fame, and shall have indorsed thereon the name of such member, together with the name of the port town from which the fame is intended to be sent, and the day* month, and year, when the same shall be to be put into the port office, the day of the month to be m words at length, and the whole to be of the hand writing of the member; and also unless every such letter or packet shall be put into the general post office, or other port office, or into any receiving house or place appointed by his Majesty's post-master general for the receipt of letters and packets to be forwarded by the post, on the day of the date put upon such letter or packet; and no letters or packets directed to any member of either of the two houses of parliament of Great Britain shall be exempted from paying the duty of portage, unless such letters and packets as shall, during the fitting of any section of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the fame, be directed to any such member at the place where he shall actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at his usual place of residence in London, or

at

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 37. 561

at the house of parliament, or the lobby of the house of parliament, of which he is a member.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the several persons who, by persons whey virtue of any act or acts of parliament, are authorised, in rignt by virtue of of their respective offices and employments, to send and receive their °®cc*» letters free from the duty of postage, and their successors in such toVnd and offices and employments, shall and may, during their continu- receive letters ance in such offices and employments, respectively fend and re- duty-free, ceive letters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the jW continue feme manner, and under such restrictions, as any member of der the fame either house of parliament may send and receive the same in restrictiont as pursuance of this act; and shall and may respectively fend and members of receive votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspa- payment, pers, free from the duty of postage, in such and the like man- c*

ner as any member of either house of parliament may send and receive the same: provided always, That nothing herein eon- Not to exteiuT tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the delivery to the penny of letters or packets sent or conveyed by the carriage called P0?*

Penny Post.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person whatso- Penalty on ever shall, from and after the end of this present section of par- counterfeiting liament, forge or counterfeit the hand writing of any person whatsoever, in the superscription of any letter or packet to be any pSfon In sent by the post, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of the hiper-' postage, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall procure fcnption of to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the date upon the fu- ordertoevadc

x perfeription of any such letter or packet, or shall write and fend t^c duty of by the post, or cause to be written and sent by the post, any poitage. letter or packet, the superscription or cover whereof shall be forged or counterfeited, or the date upon such superscription or cover altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered; v

every person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be transported for seven years.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Duties to be duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from time to time, paid to the into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the receiv« ge-post office, who shall pay out of such rates and duties (the ne- office;* cefiary charges of collecting, paying, and accounting for the and by him fame being first deducted) the fuli, clear, and entire weekly Turn paid into th of two thousand three hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great exchequer.

Britain, into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purposes in this act mentioned, upon Tuesday in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then upon the next day that is not an holy day, as one week shall successively and immediately follow and succeed another; the first of the said weekly payments to begin and be made on Tuesday the thirtieth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and in case the rates and duties hereby granted shall not be sufficient to answer the said weekly payments hereby directed to be made, that then

and

g6z Anno vicesimo quarto Georgji 111* vC. [ji 5*84.'

tt|d foioften t|>c deficiency and deficiencies thereof shall be fop-plied and made good out of the whole receipt of the rates and duties of pottage j and in -case the rates and duties hereby granted shall be more than sufficient to answer the said weekly payments, that then, and lb often as it shall (o happen, the overplus shall be appropriated and applied to such and the (kmc uses as the prefect rates and duties of pottage are respectively now by law made applicable.

XI. jfnd, to the end 4b* fetid weekly sum of twotboufand three

s hundred-poundsmay be made a fund or for herein

A book to be eupressed}Jbe it further enacted, That there shall be provided

provided by ap^ kept, in the oflice of the auditor of the receipt of the exin Vhich the chequer, a book or books, in which all the monies which shall weekly pay- be paid in weekly as aforesaid* for or upon account of the bid menta shall be rates and duties shall be entered separate, apart, and distinct ei\tefro fc^i’ fro 111 all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, hir other«.0m - ^eirs successors, upon any account whatsoever j and the Application *<* weekly payments shall be a fund for the payment of the thereof* several annuities and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable, purftuult to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raifng a cerium sum of money by way of annuities, and fir a

Defendants

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-may plead the fons shall at any time or times be sued, moktted, or prosecut* general issue, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person and per ions shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence$ and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be-and shall have come nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs* treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. XXXVIII.

In act for repealing the fever duties on tea, and for granting to his Mojtfly other duties in lieu j aUo several duties m inhabited hoetfet} and upon the importation of cocoa nuts and coffee} and for repealing the inland duties of excise therein*

Mott gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several rates and duties upon, exposed fir file in these kingdoms* amount together to so cenfidetable a futtb in proportion to the value of that commodity, as to afford greet encouragement to the fraudulent importation thereof, and have contributed greatly to ether illicit practices highly detrimental to the revenue,

and of dangerous conferences to the publick, the prevention of which is become an object of the utmost we, your Majesty’*

most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great, in parliament assembled, do therefore think it. would be for the

advantage

Anno vicesimo tjuirtaGsopt oil 1H»'C. 3$; 563

advantage of the niblick to repeal ' the Several duties imposed upon tea, and in lieu thereof to grant unto your Majesty the Several new duties herein after mentioned: and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ^advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thi* present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth day of Sep- From Sept. 15, Umbtri one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the feve- 1784. the dural rates, duties, and other impbfitions upon tea imported, fold, Jj*1*11 or ofed in this kingdom, (tall ccafe, determine, and be no toaH fcafe* longer paid or payable.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That,the united company of merchants of England trading to East India (he East Indies shall be, and they are hereby discharged, of and company dtC from the payment of all duties whatsoeter, by any act or acts charsed from heretofore imposed upon all tea, the property of the said united duties on tea company, which shall, on the said fifteenth day of, in their ware-

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, remain in the houses. at warehouses of the said company in under the tiut Per>0<l*

lock, or in the custody of the officers of his Majesty's revenue,

having charge thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon all tea which, from and after the (hid fifteenth day For alt tea of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-foarr shall delivered by

be delivered* to the buyers thereof by the said united company, the company there shall be paid to the King’s majesty, his heirs and succes-fort, by the purchaser or purchasers of such tea, a duty of twelve of after that pounds ten.shillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross period, there prices at which such tea shall be (old 5 which duty shall be paid, shall h® P"d by the said purchaser or purchasers, to the said united company, at such time or times as shall, by the conditions of such 1 1

sales, be from rime to time appointed for payment of the price of such tea, to the said united company $ and that the said united company shall at all times, together with the proper officers of the customs, make up an account of twelve pounds ten shillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which such tea shall be fold, and pay the same to the collector inwards of his Majesty's customs, within thirty days after the expiration of each quarterly sale, which duty shall be which shall bs again drawn back and repaid upon she exportation of such tea <tr*wn back to any place where a drawback of the duties is now allowed by law.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-

laid, That all tea upon which the duty hereby imposed shall All tea in not have been paid, and which, from and after the said fifteenth warc" day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be entered for exportation to any place where a drawback for which the* of the duties is allowed by law, shall and may be delivered from duty shall not fetch warehouse wherein the same shall be Secured as aforesaid ha*(f^ce?e-for (hat purpose, free of any duty, subject to the same rules, ex"

regulations.

wall be delivered from the warehouses tree of duty.

364 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38; [1784.

portation, &c* regulations, redridtions, securities, penalties, and forfeitures* in all other respects, to which such tea would/ have been liable if the duty thereon had been paid and drawn back as herein* before directed.

V. And whereas it is just and reesonable that the feed muted

party Jbouldy in confederationthe great benefit which refidt

their commerce from the rof duties hereby, anti'

their utmost endeavours for securing to the the full i

which wiilarife from an immediate and permanent reduction ofprim be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the (ail united company shall, as soon as may be after the passing <4 this act, put up and expose to publick sale, at the lead, tiftl millions of pounds weight of tea; and shall, in like manner, tf| some other time before the thirty-first day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, make another sale, at which they shall, in the like manner, pujtup, at the lead, two millions five hundred thousand pounds weight of tea; and (bill thenceforward continue to make, at the lead, four Tales in every year, and, as near as conveniently may he, at equal didances of time, and shall put up at such (ales such quantities of tea a shall be judged sufficient to supply the demand; and that a each and every such sale, the tea so put up shall be fold without reserve to the highed bidder, provided an advance of one peony per pound shall be bid upon the prices at which the fame ltd Redriaion of be put up; and that at the four first Tales, which shall be took the prices put tfcer the passing of this act, the prices at which the said to shall be put up and exposed to sale shall not exceed the folio* ingrates, videlicet,

Direaiont for the company relative to their (ales of tea.

up four Tales:

Boheatis*7d* per pound; Congo, st*sd» Souchong,

3*' 3d* Singlo, p. 3d* Hyfon,+s*nd*

For bohea tea, one shilling and seven-pence pound;

For congo tea, two shillings and five-pence per pound*, For fouchong tea, three shillings and three-pence per pound; For finglo tea, three shillings and three-pence pound; For hyfon tea, four shillings and eleven-pence per pound;

Restriaion at t^iat lt not at any t*mc hereafter* lawful for the all future said united company to put up their tea for sale at any pri* tales* which shall, upon the whole of the tea so put up at any on:

sale, exceed the prime cod thereof, with the freight and charge* of importation, together with lawful intered from the time of the arrival of such tea in Great, and the common p«

mium of insurance, as a compensation for the sea risk incur# Company to thereon; and that the said united company shall from time« ftocit o/te*Cr t'mc kn<* on*ers for l^c purchase of such quantities of tea, an< in°their ware- provide sufficient ships to import the fame, as, being added houses, Sec the dock in their warehouses, and to the quantities ordered an

not arrived, shall amount to a sufficient supply for the keepity a dock at lead equal to one year’s consumption, according the (ales of the lad preceding year, always beforehand; act that the said united company shall, from time to time, lay be fore the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treafcr

ic

1y§4.] Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGII IIf: C. 3.

fbrtHe time being, copies of the accounts and ediraates upon which such orders for importation, or prices for sale, or quantities put up to sale, shall be grounded, whenever such orders shall be sent out, or such sales made, or as often as they shall $e cal(ed upon for the fame, by the said lord high treasurer, o any three or more of the said commissioners of the treasury the time bfeing.

VI. And whereas, for the relief of dll now possessd of ted

fought of the said united company but remaining in their

as af onefold^ it hath been agreed by the said united, in -

pHartce with the unanimotii opinion of a general meeting of the said -petfonsy to take back from them all such tea at prime as /bally on the said fifteenth day of October, one thousand hundred and eighty foury remain in the warehouses of the said company in entire' lot5) or in lots not diminished after the date of such agreement; be it rorther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all bargains Cladfetdaftiff blade by the said united company respecting such tea is is here- to tea sold by In-befdre described, as (having been sold at their sales) shall,' company^ bn the said fifteenth dajr of September, one thousand seven Hun- fl^aliteniain Id dred and eighty-four, remain in their warehouses not delivered their ware-to the buyers thereof, shall be, and they-are hereby declared to houses, in en* be, null and Void; 'and that the said company shall forthwith tire ^ts, grant to each of the said buyers a certificate of the sum of money °"g p which each of the said buyers shall have paid to the said united Company in rfcfpeft thereof; which certificates shall be received by the said company as and in lieu of drill to the same amount*

In payment for any tea bought at their next ensuing sale; or, if not so tendered in payment, the said company shall, upon de-tnarid, at any time after the prompt day, or day of payment, to be appointed for tea to be so bought at their next sale* pay the fairie iri caih to the holder thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every tea dealer, hot redding within the bills

bf mortality, or the borough of Southwa, who shall, at the

time of passing this act, have in his, her, or their possession, one or mote entire chest or chests of tea in the fame package in Which it was originally imported into this kingdom by the united company bf merchants trading to the East Indies) and for 'Which the inland duties shall have been paid by or in the name bf such dealer, and which shall have been purchased at either of the two la(l sales of the said company; and which shall have been conveyed directly from the warehouses of the said company to the warehouse or (hop of such tea dealet, to return such died or cheds of tea, by the most proper and speedy conveyance; tb the warehouse keeper of the said company; a lid of which cheds, containing an account of the number of each died, the Weight of tea contained in it, and the price Which it cod at the company’s sale, together with the name of the ship in which it Was imported, and the folio in which it was printed in the company’s sale booh, shall be delivered to the warehouse keeper of the said company within eight days after the passing of ttus aft,

;Voi, XXXIV. ' Q^q an*

T*ea deateft not, redding within the pills of mor? tality, or b rough of Southwark, who are possessed of any chests of teat in the package wherein ft was imported^ &c.

may return the same to the company*! warehouse keepera

§6$ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. [1784.

and the said chest or cheftt of tea shall be taken into the ware* And if the houses of the said company; and if it shall appear, to the satis-company are faction of the said co nip any, that the tea which is contained in-satisfied such any fa returned has not been unpacked fioce it was tkjU tKsen Unpack* vered from the warehouses of the said company, but is the fame, ed, See, they which was originally contained therein, then the prime cost of are to also* such chest or chests of tea, which shall have been paid by fiidp the dealer the deader or dealers, shall be allowed to Aich dealer or dealers, in (

paid fortthe P5*1* of payment for such tea purchased at the next We of the lame, Sec. East India company; but if the said East India company shall be of opinion that the tea contained in such chest or chests so returned is not the same as was originally contained therein, or N that any unfair practice shall have been made use of, it shall be lawful for the said company to refuse such chest or chests of tea; and that, for every chest of tea accepted, as herein-before provided, by the said East India company, the commissioners of excise shall deliver a certificate of the sum of money which hat been paid for the inland, duties on the tea contained in fuels chest, to the dealer returning the fame; and such certificate shall be taken by the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in payment of the customs which shall be due on the teas" to be purchased at the next file of the East India company; provided that every dealer shall, within five days after the passing of this act, deliver to the excise officer who usually surveys the flock of such dealer, a list of the teas proposed to be returned to the warehouses of the Epjl India company, in all respects (unitor to that herein-before directed to be delivered to the warehouse keeper of the said company.

Company not

VIII. Provided always, That no dealer shall be permitted to obliged to re- return to the East India company any whole package either of ceive any such green or black tea, unless it shall appear that such dealer had in the partku- Hock,at the last survey made thereof, previous to the first lars herein day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, as

mentioned much of either or both of those forts, over and above the chests are complied f0 intended to be returned, as would, according to his uftal wk"* consumption, to be computed upon the average of the last four

months previous to the said first day of August^ be sufficient to itxppiy the fame from that time till the fifteenth day of Stptemkr next $ and an account of the usual consumption of such dealer, and of the amount of his stock of green and black teas respectively, at the time any whole packages are returned, shall be tranitnitted, by the officer of excise who usually surveys such dealer, to the commissioners of excise, and also to the warehouse keeper of the East India company; and fitch officer of excise shall also transmit to the directors of the East India company an account of all teas which have, since the twenty-fifth day of x July last, been taken into the stock of any dealer who shall fend

any chest of tea to be returned as aforesaid, to the end, that if it should appear to the said directors that there is just cause to suspedk that any of the tea so taken into the stock of such dealer h?s not paid the full duties to which the feme by law was liable, c 'the

Ai vtovlpcflma ^uartn Geown III. v, j$.

p frii dweller* may, in such case, refute to xecdiye ^ny tea? i*fc W from fugh dealer.

EX. 'Am? whereas there are certain quantit of pr\%e teas now

miking under the loch of his Majesty's the and

ptf fir which the duties of customshome hern paid* and certain VquMtities of prize teas damaged hfilt water are now remmp 'in two private warehouses under the survey of his Majestys oJfir \ofjtxtife, whore they were removed fir the convenience of drying fame, for which the duties of customs and rncife have been f

U further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be o*n»M of* ful for the oofomitBoners of Ivis Majesty's treasury, or any certain prito in or more of them, to dire#, by warrant* under their hands, bV°t opamiGioners of his Majesty's customs or excise respe<5HvoIy paid for *p*y to the owners or proprietors of such teas the amount such part as ht duties which have been received fgr such part of the said shall remain i as shall be remaining in the custody and under the fpryey tJ® warc*

*e mentioned, on the fifteenth day of, one thou- ,?u,c,£nScP&

& seven hundred and eighty-four j provided it shall be madp '

tar, to the satisfaction of the said com mid;oners of the trea-

r, (that the duties on the said teat, so remaining on the day ' -

ft mentioned, have been actually received by the officers.of customs and excite; provided always, That the owner* or Bqtforwhich

jprietors of the said teas shall pay the duty of eighteen pounds My M" pay

r ten /hillings per xeutum}according to the prices at which J g* dulJ

Stmt were bought, for such parts pr parcels thereof as shall con^ "

remaining under the locks of his Majesty's officers of customs

wtcife, or under survey in the two warehouses as above men-

sed.

L And be it further enacted by the authority r.foresaid, That oa. 10, n end after the tenth day of October one thousand seven 17*4, the foK idred and eighty-four, there shall be charged, raised, levied, lowing addi-paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several d"*ie* respective additional rates and duties upon all inhabited inhabited' its, as herein after mentioned, according to the number gf house* in

dooms or lights in each; (that is to say).

Great Britain} videlicet.

or every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- for every he kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dwelling other offices, is or ought to be rated, under the authority h°uJf? *C#A

0 ad of the sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An

ror repealing the several duties upon houses, and lights 3 at 3*. an ad/ fir granting to his Majesty other duties upon bavfes, ditional j*.t

lights, at three shillings, the additional yearly hfo of theca ogs:

it every dwelling house, inhabited or io be inhabited, with- Bor every he -kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the hdhfehokj other offices, is or ought 10 be xated in like manner for y

1 windows, the additional yearly sum of fix: shillings; windows, 6 9. >r every dwelling house, mhabuid or to be inhabited, with- For s win* he kingdom of Great Britain, which, with U\C bpuCchaJd dows, *9,3

Q,<1 and

568 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. [1784.

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for eight windows, the additional yearly Aim of eight shillings: for 9 win- For every dwelling house, inhabited Or to be inhabited, with-dows, 10s. 6d.: in the kingdom of Great, which, with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for mine windows, the additional yearly sum of ten shillings and six pence:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with* in the kingdom of Great, which, with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ten windows, the additional yearly sum of thirteen shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great, which, with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for eleven windows, the additional yearly sum of fifteen shilling* and sixpence:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with in the kingdom of Great, which, with the househoU

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner ftf twelve windows, the additional yearly sum of eighteen 8^ lings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, wi& dows, il. is.: in the kingdom of Great, which, with the househoK

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner ft thirteen windows, the additional yearly sum of one pound shilling:

for 14 witi- For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, wifr

dows, 11.5*.: in the kingdom of Great, which, with the houfdtf*

and other offices, is or ought to berated in like manner j* fourteen windows, the additional yearly sum of one pound shillings:

For 15 win- For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited,

dows, il. 1 os* * in the kingdom of Great, which, with the housebf

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner ® fifteen windows, the additional yearly sum of one pound $ shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, in the kingdom of Great Britoin9 which, with the houseM and other offices, is or Ought to be rated in like manner Ax teen windows* the additional yearly sum of one pound fiA^ shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, in the kingdom of Great, which, with the houseiw

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner

For 10 win dows, i^s.

for 11 windows, 15s. 6d

For xt windows, 18 s.

For 13 win-

For 16 win* dows, il. 138.

For 17 windows, si.:

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner j eighteen windows, the additional yearly sum of two pounds fi shillings; 1

S4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. 569

or every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with* "For 19 w»n-he kingdom of Great Britain,which, with the household dow,» .:

other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for :teen windows, the additional yearly sum of two pounds ten irtgs 2

or every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 10 win-he kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dow*, si, 14s. s other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for a tv windows, the additional yearly sum of two pounds fif- shillings:

or every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For si win-he kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dows, 3 L« other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ntv—onc windows, the additional yearly sum of three nds: v

or every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For »* win* he kingdom of Kir eat Britain, which, with the household dows, 31. other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ity-two windows, the additional yearly sum of three pounds shillings:

or fevery dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For *3 win-he kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household dows, 3l. ipa.s other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for nty-three windows, the additional yearly sum of three nds ten shillings:

or every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For *4 win. :he kingdom of Great Britain,which, with the household dows, 31.15s.:

other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for nty-four windows, the additional yearly sum of three ttrds fifteen shillings;

'or every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For *$ to >9 the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows,41.:, other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for nty-five windows, and not more than twenty-nine windows, additional yearly sum of four pounds:

?or every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with-'For 30 to 34 the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows,

I other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ,01* rty windows, and not more than thirty-four windows, the litional yearly sum of four pounds ten shillings:

for every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 35 to 39 the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 51.:

I other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for rty-five windows, and not more than thirty-nine windows,

! additional yearly sum of five pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 40 to the kingdom of- Great Britain, which, with the household windows,

1 other offices^ is or ought to be rated in like manner for ,0*4

ty windows, and not more than forty-four windows, the

htional yearly sum of five pounds ten shillings 2

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 45 to 44

Q^3 in windows, 61.1

57®

for 50 to 54. window 6

*r t iOl«t

Anno vicesimo qflarto (rBoRGti IIL $9.[1784.

In the jtmgdotn of Great BrtfaiHy which, wkh the boufebdld and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for forty-five windows, and not more that* forty-nine windows) the additional yearly him of six pounds

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with* in the Kingdom of Great which, with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for fifty windows, and not more than fifty-four windows, the additional yearly (dm of six pounds ten millings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great, which, with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for fifty-five windows, and not more than fifty-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of seven pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great v which, with the household

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner fot sixty windows, and not more than sixty-four windows, the additional yearly sum of seven pounds ten shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited with* windows, si. r in the kingdom of Great, which, with the tadehoM

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for sixty-five windows, and not more than sixty-nine windows, & additional yearly sum of eight pounds

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with* in the kingdom of Great which, with the househetf

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner fa seventy windows, and not more than feveaty-four window the additional yearly sum of eight pounds ten millings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great, which, with the boufeW

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner fa seventy-five windows, and not more than seventy-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of nine pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the kingdom of Great, which, with the housetotf

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner fa eighty windows, and not more than eighty-four windows, the additional yearly sum of nine pounds ten shillings:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with* windows, 16kt in the kingdom of Great, which, with the hoefeb®»

and other offices, is or ought to be rated like manner fa eighty-five windows, and not more than eighty*nine window* the additional yearly sum of ten pounds

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with* in the kingdom of Great, which, with the hoefefe

and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like maimer fa ninety windows, and not mdre than ninety*four windows, tfa additional yearly sum of ten pounds ten shillings: for 05 to 99 For every dwelling house, inhabited ot to be inhabited, with w&dow«,iiU in the kingdom of Grm Britmny which, with the koefa*0

for 55 to 59 Wiodfowfy 7 l.s

for €0 to 64 windows, yJ, 101.1

For 6$to 69

for so to ft. windows, Bl» ios.i

for to 74 windows, 9l.:

for 60 to S4 windows, pi. 101.1

For 85 to 89

for 90 to 94

Windows,

»oi. ios.s

57*

I7&4.] Anno vice (I mo quarto Georgii fll. c. 3$.

tnd other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for ninety-five windows, and not more than ninety-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of eleven pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For ioc to 109 In the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows,:

kttd other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred windows, and not more than one hundred and nine windows, the additional yearly sum of twelve pounds:

For evyry dwelling Wife, inhabited or to be inhabited, with* For 110 to 119 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, iji.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and ten windows, and not more than one hundred and nineteen windows, the additional yearly sum of thirteen pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- Forv*otoi«9 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 14l.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and twenty windows, and not more than one hundred and twenty-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of fourteen pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 130 to 119 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 151.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and thirty windows, and not more than one hundred and thirty-nine windows, the additional yearly Aim of fifteen pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 140 to 149 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, x61.: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and forty windows, and not more than one hundred and forty-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of sixteen pounds:

Fof every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 150 to 1*9 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, 17U: and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and fifty windows, and not more than one hundred and fifty-nine windows, the additional yearly Aim of seventeen pounds:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- For 16010169 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household windows, sSLi and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and sixty windows, and not more than one hundred and sixty-nine windows, the additional yearly sum of eighteen pound*:

For every dwelling house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with- for 170 to a in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the household window and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for -one hundred and seventy windows, and not more than one hundred and seventy-nine' windows, the additional yearly sum of nineteen pounds;

For every d wetting house, inhabited or to be inhabited, with-Q,q 4 m

51%

And for 180 windows, and Upwards, 291.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38.

[17844 in the kingdom of Great Britain, which, with the househol4 and other offices, is or ought to be rated in like manner for one hundred and eighty windows, and upwards the additional yearly sum of twenty pounds*

XI. And whereas it way happen that one and the fame is the

occupier or inhabitant of three or more houses at the fame

under the directions anaprovifms of this act> muji necessarily be charged with the rates and duties hereby rnlejs specially providedJor\

and it not being intended that such persons should be liable to pay the said rates and duties for more than twp such houses j it ferfoni occu- js therefore hereby enacted and declared by the authority afore-S'more That no one person shall be subjected to the payment of

houses, to any of the rates and duties by this act imposed for more than pay for pnjy two houses which he or she shall Occupy at the same time: pro-tw0 vided always, That each person shall, in all cases, pay the said thegresueftm Tates anc* duties for two such houses as shall contain the great-nunfber of eft number of windows of ?ny two houses jq hi* pr her occu* windows. patron.

XII. Andy in order to provide for the relief of such persons as mas < be the occupiers or inhabitants of three or more houses charged with and ajfefjcd for the duties hereby imposed at the same time, it is fur-

Clause for re- ther enacted and declared, That every such person, intending, Jief of persons to be relieved from the payment of more than two thereof, pecupying shall, when called upon by the collectors of the several parishe* j two houses. or places> ^or the payment of the rates and duties imposed by this act, or previous thereto, by him or herself, his pr her agent or servants, deliver, or pause to be delivered, to them; in every such parish or place wherein any house in his or her occupation, other than the two severally containing the greatest number of windows, is situated, a declaration in writing of the two houses in his or her occupation for which he or she is to pay; on receiving which such collectors as aforesaid shall discharge from their book or books the charges or rates made for every such house hereby intended to be exempted j which notice or declaration the said collectors are hereby directed to deliver over to the surveyor or ipspector for the district in which such parish or place shall be situated, for their information, and in order 10 their making an entry of the fame in their books, and for enabling them to make a proportionable deduction from the Charge against, such collectors.

Persons not

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any paying for person or persons shall omit or negfedt to pay for (uph two houses judi1 two m t^ejr occupation, containing the greatest number of windows, cording tofhe according to the notice they shall give to the coiledfors in the notice given parities or places in which they have houses for which they shall to the collec- claim exemption, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay, for tors, to forfeit every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and rt is the true intent and The aforesaid meaning of this act, That the said several rates and duties here-pid kaddj- b?respetfiyely charged as aforesaid shall be paid,over and «bove.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. fyj

and in addition to the respective duties charged upon houses tion to those and windows by virtue of an atf, made in the sixth year of the charged by reign of his present Majesty, intituled. ait the Act 6 Geo. 3.

several duties upon, houses, windows, and lights j and for granting to c. 38.} his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and of

another alt, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on all and 19 Geo. 3. inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the last session of c. 59.

mint \ and jor granting to his Majesty otb$r duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain; and for amending the said act and also Jar amending so much of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty on all servants retained pr employed in the several capacities therein

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That assessments shall be made out for raising Assessment* t* the duties upon inhabited houses by this present act imposed, be made ont from the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ^om IO» eighty-four, to the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hun- to April dred and eighty-five; which assessment shall be certified by the c*

a (Fedors, and returned by them to the commissioners, on or be* fore the third day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and that the surveyors shall and may, on or before the twentieth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five following, certify their surcharges for raising the said duties for the said two quarters, to the said commissioners; and Appeals all appeals, in respect to the said two quarters assessments, shall therefrom, and may be heard and determined between the sixth day ofwh*n to be

March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the hear<* fourth day of April following; and that from and after the fifth From April e day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the 17S5, the dul said duties shall be a defied annually for one whole year, to com- to be roence from the fifth day of April in each year; and that in all

future years the assessment shall be made out and certified, and n the surcharges certified, and the appeals heard, at the same time as the assessments, surcharges, and appeals, are made, certified, and heard, on the duties on houses and windows.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several duties by this act granted shall, in that Duties in part of Great Britain called England, be paid quarterly, on/the England, to four ipost ufqal days of payment in the year; (that is to say), beDaidquar-on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of, the fifth day 5

of July, and the tenth day of October in every year, by equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and and in 9cot-

in that part of Great Britain called S, on or before the land, half-. twenty-fifth day of March, yearly, for the half year betwixt yearly* Martinmas-day and IVbitJunday, and on or before the twenty-ninth day of September yearly, for the half year betwixt IVbit-sunday and Martinmas.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be That the said duties granted by this act shall be charged only theo^pieri

upon of houses*

574

Anno vicesimo quarts Georgii III. c. 38.

[17 g*.

upon the inhabitants or occupiers for the time being of the houses or tenements hereby charged, hb, her,or their respective executors or administrators, and not on the landlord or landlords who let or demiie the fame (except in the cases here-in-after mentioned), any covenant or agreement made or entered into previous to the passing of this act, relative to the payment of any duties or assessments imposed, or to be imposed up-' on such houses or tenements, or upon such inhabitants or occupiers, in respect thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Poor people

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby ettacted by the exempted authority aforesaid, That no duty shall be imposed, afleded, er from church levied, by virtue of this act, for or in rciped of any dwelling rams^ot house, cottage, or tenement, whereof the occupier or occupiers, liable. by reason of hb, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempted

from the actual payment of the usual taxes, assessments, and contributions towards the church and poor.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The duties to That the said several rates and duties by this a dimposed shall beastefied, raised, levied, collected, and received by persons to Se feme be appointed b$ the fame authority, for the purposes herein* manner, and Ester expressed, in such and the like form and manner, and under the with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeiture, ( fame penal- and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and di- i those granted re(^ons» as are prescribed and appointed for assessing, raffing, by thefeUowt levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the duties on house, ing adsi windows, or lights, in and by an act of parliament made in the twentieth ye?r of the reign of his late majesty King so Geo. a. c. the Second, intituled An 7 far repealing the several rales td $. s - duties upon houses, windowsand lights 5 and for granting te

Majesty other rates and duties upon or lights; ui

for roofing the sum of four milRom four hundred thousand pounds annuities, to be $barged on the said rates or duties; and by anbtkr

% ad, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said lafe Ma* so Geo. a. c. jesty, intituled An atto enforce the execution ttii

4a. { fe]fion tf parliament for granting to his several rates and In-

ties upon houses, windows, or lights*, and by another ad, m*h in the twenty-first year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled, si Geo. a. c. An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the exeattm 10.1 tf an att passed in the loft session of parliament, An id

for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, window!, and lights *, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights and for raising the fern of four millions four hundred thou land pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by an act, made (fl the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, * s* GeO. s. c. tuled,. Art att for the more effectual levying of the duties upon 17.; dows or lights, in that part of Great Britain tailed Scotland j

by an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of bisfej |i Geo. s. c. late Majesty, intituled An for granting to his «.$ rates and duties upon offices and penftons 5 and upon

windows or lights \ and for raising the sum of five erf!'

17 & 4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. fe '

entities and a lottery, to be charged on the rates and duties; and

by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his several rates

and duties upon windows or lights; and by the said herein-before mentioned act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his pre-feat: Majesty 3 and by two acts for granting to his certain

duties upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain, made in the eighteenth and nineteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, or by any of them, so far as the fame now re- main in force, or are not altered by this act 3 and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, for- feitures, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the said several acts, or any of them, for the assessing, fais-ing, levying, collecting, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for the assessing, railing, levying, collecting, and paying, the several duties upon all inhabited houses, by this act grant-ad, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes^ as the same are or may be, for the afieiling, railing, levying, coiled* tag, and charging the rates and duties granted by the aforesaid acts, or any of them, so far as the said powers, authorities, rules, and penalties are applicable hereunto, and dot altered by this act.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies that shall arise by the duty on tea granted by this act, and all the arrears of the several duties and subsidies hereby repealed, shall, together with the monies that shall arise by the additional duties on inhabited houses, granted by this *d, (which additional duties on inhabited houses shall be paid, by the several persons who shall be appointed to receive the same, into the hands of the receiver general of the customs), be applied and paid, by him into the receipt of the exchequer, upon the several distinct heads of subsidy, or customs, as the duties or subsidies hereby repealed have been paid in there, pursuant to the several acts of parliament for appropriating the fame; and in case the whole amount of the subsidy granted, together with the monies hereby directed to be paid to the said teceiver general, shall at any time, in any one quarter, exceed the fom of eighty- seven thou land one hundred thirty-six pounds fikteen shillings and eight-pence farthing, being the one fourth part of three hundred forty-eight thousand five hundred forty-(even pounds six shillings and nine-pence, the average produce of the several duties and subsidies on teal for five years, with the addition of five pounds per, and five pounds per e*n-turn,laid upon the said duties and subsidies by the acts of the nineteenth and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, the said receiver general mall pay Over fitch surplus into the hands of the receiver general of excise, which shall be by him distri* bated, irt duo proportion, so the respective heads of excise to Which the duties of excise on teas, repealed by this act, were

applicable*

Of

* Geo. 3.c. I.(;

18 Geo. t. c. *6.3 and 19 Geo. 3. c. 59.

Montes vif. ing by this art to be paid into the exchequer by the receiver general of the

And in case of any surplus, the same shall be paid to the receiver general of excise, &Ci

' Anno Vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. [*7^4*

applicable, and shall be by him paid into the receipt of the exchequer, at the rate of one hundred thirty-eight thousand nine hundred seventy-mine pounds, five shillings, and ten-pence half-penny per quarter, being the one fourth part of five hundred fifty-five thousand nine hundred and seventeen pounds, three shillings, and sixpence, the average of the excise duties on tea for five years, with the addition of five pounds per, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per, laid upon the said duties of excise by the acts of the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign} Monies paid and such money, so paid into the receipt of the exchequer, by into the ex- the said receiver general of the customs, and receiver general of tobe1^applied. exc*e» respectively, shall be applied to the same uses and

PF purposes as the former duties on teas hereby repealed, were applicable unto; and in case any deficiency shall happen in the said duties, the said receivers general respectively shall return certificates thereof into the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer aforesaid; and such deficiency shall from time to time be made good by or out of such money as shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of or for the surplus-fes, excesses, or overplus monies, or other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking, at any quarter day $fter the said certificates respectively shall have been returned into the office of the auditor of the said receipt 5 and whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said sinking fund, shall be replaced by or out of the first supplies to be then-after granted by parliament.

fteceipt of the

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the receiver gene- receipt of the receiver general of the customs shall be a suffi-ral of thecuf- £jent discharge to the several persons who shall be appointed to SargMo* receive the said additional duties on inhabited houses; and also receivers of the receipt of the receiver general of the excise shall be a suffi-new duties on cient discharge to the receiver general of the customs for such houses, &c. monies as he shall pay in pursuance of this a<fi 5 and the said receipts shall severally be allowed by the auditor or auditors in passing their respective accounts.

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the subsidy on teas hereby granted, together with the duties on houses, windows, and lights, also granted by this a<fi, shall, in surplus ot mo- any one quarter, produce more than sufficient to satisfy the this aS the^ ^um c*f>kty-seven thousand one hundred and thirty-six iameftiallbe pounds, sixteen shillings, and eight-pence, farthing, tomak« applied to- good the like sum to be replaced to the several subsidies orcul-wards making tom duties on teas, by this a<fi repealed, and also the sum of ch^wfon1118 onc hur|dre(* thirty-eight thousand nine hundred seventy-ntoj the nextquar- pounds, five shillings, and ten-pence halfpepny, to make good |er. the like sum to be replaced to the respective duties of excise on

teas, by this act also repealed, the surplus which remains, after satisfying the above sums, shall be applied towards making good the like sums charged upon the said subsidy and duty on Houses, windows, and lights, in the next succeeding <juartp£

If in any one quarter there Should be a

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. C.jtf.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Separate af-authority aforesaid, That separate assessments shall be made ouf for {,ne"t8 railing the duties hereby imposed, which adedVrients shall be verlfied^ythe brought in by the adedors, in writing under their hands, and assessor* upon be verified upon their odths, and not otherwisej as required by oath, the act of the twentieth year of his late Majest/s reign first above mentioned, upon pain of forfeiture of any sum, not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds; and that the commissioners for putting this act in execution shall causei true duplicates of the said adeflinents to be made 6Ut* delivered, and transmitted, in such manner as is directed by any of the said former acts' relating to the duties upon houses, windows, or lights, with respect to the duplicates of the adetfments therein mentioned.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the better execution of this act, and for the CommidToh-ordering, railing, levying, coliefling, and paying the duties efs of for.me* hereby granted, the commissioners authorised or appointed, or *h7dutif who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in house* amd

execution the said herein-before mentioned acts relating to the windows, (halt duties upon houses, windows, or lights, or inhabited houses, or be commissi-any of them, shall be commissioners for putting in execution ^cxc* this present act and the powers therein contained, in all and aft1"8 every the respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within Great Britain; and that the said commissioners, in order to the and shall meet speedy execution of this act, shall, in their respective counties, on or before shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports,

towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed acc‘ commissioners respectively, meet on or before the eleventh day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and shall in like manner meet yearly and every year, at such day or time as the said commissioners for the time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly; and shall then divide themselves to act in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the duties hereby granted, in such and the same manner, and under the fame regulations and di^ reftions, as are prescribed by the said before mentioned acts, or any of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby imposed (except in such cases in which an alteration is made by this act.)

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, by any negligence: or default, Incase com<* there shall not have been a meeting of the said commissioners, and |?,®.°Jncr8 a due execution of the several powers hereby created, within or nJcetattfie at the time or times, or according to the manner or circumstan- time prescrib-ces directed or prescribed in and by this act, it shall and may ed, they may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any two or more meel c*-of them, in all and every the respective counties, thires^ stewar- at^ny other tries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinqite ports, and towns, in tuae/

Great

iyg Annovk?elimo quarto [1714.

Crtat Bfitmrespectively, wherein fpch 4efM& ftwffhav* happened, to wet and execute the said power* at any ether star or times, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstandini; and they are hereby <ajit.borised and required forth* with, or as Toon as may be, after the time or times at which such meetings Should have been held, and such powers ftpukt have been executed, according to the directions of tbit present act, to meet and execute the fame, so as that the said rate* and duties he duly and effectually charged, iraised, levied, cal-le&ed, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and fucoeflots, far Che purposes in this act, notwithstanding any such ooiflion or dcfect j and all such meetings and acts of the said commiflapn-ers, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared, to be good and valid, to all intents and purt poles, notwithstanding any loch omUfiop ior defeat.

Hocice to be XX

VI. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said eoramif*

given that the (toners shall cause notice to beinferted, in the precepts to be from aifcffort under time to time directed by them jo the inhabitants of the parishe* aireSef- or P^cet within their respective distriCU or divUkms, whom fort under this they shall think fit to be presentors or assessors under the said act. before mentioned adU, or any of them, that such persons are

also appointed assessors of the duties on all inhabited housesf gnd upon windows or lights, granted by this act.

XXVII. And* fir the more effectually levying and alUcting

In case no <k/y impojedby this all, be it enacted and declared, That in case

assessor* shall at any time thp ^om mi (Turners for putting in execution this be appointed, present act in that part of Great Britain called England and iurveyors may Wales* pr in case at any time the commissioners of supply in do their duty, part of Great Britain called Scotland* shall oegLeft to appoint assessors, or in case the assessors by them appointed shall »cgls<& to perform what is required of them by this act, that then, and in any such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, appointed or to be appointed nailer {he authority of any of the before mentioned acts, to do pod perform such and the like services as are by the said acts required from such assessors.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

Surveyors, said. That from and after the said sixteenth day of November one

twice a year, thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the £ud surveyor or jo make a surveyors shall, twice in every year, to wit, on or before the tenth

boufeVomit- day of January, and the tenth day of August* yearly, certify in red or under- writing, under his or their hand or hands, by. way of fta-(charged. charge, io any three or mom of the said commHftoners, what

inhabited houses bane been omitted to be charged, or haws been under-charged with the rales and duties imposed by this act, in the assessment made of the fame for the then current Notice to be year \ and that thereupon, and upon oath being first made that given to che notice was left in writing at the dwelling houses of the ieuenl occupier* for- joccuptcpis so changed or Sirchacged by virtue of such certificate,

aS^ents that the Curveyors intended to charge them in Inch manner, and m b« gifted, actodingmiuchnumbff of windows, as they (bafi be chaxgsd

i^4-l Anno vicesimo quarto Geoson III. c. 3$. $}<f

for by virtue of such certificate, the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall canfe fetch assessment to be rectified according to such certificate, and delivered to the collectors, and the said rates and duties shall be levied accordingly. -

XXIX. And be it further eroded and declared, That it any If a furchtrge

surveyor or surveyors shall, after the said fifth day of one to*11 be omit-thottfend seven hundred and eighty-five, omit to make a fur- ?*Jfthe charge or fisrcharces for the first half year, it shall and may be " ^made lawful for the said surveyor or surveyors (o make a forchasgc or for the whole surcharges for the whole year. year.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That where where*houses any house shall be divided into different (lories, tenements, or are let in dif-Joagiogs, and shall be inhabited by two or more persons or fa- *«rent tene-miues, the same shall nevertheless be subject to, and shall, in Siord^a!! Jike manner, pay the duties granted by this act, as if fdch be deemed the house or tenement was inhabited by one person or family only; occupier, and the landlord or owner of such house shall be deemed ana

taken to be the occupier of such dwelling house, and shall be charged with, and liable to pay the duties imposed by this act.

XXXI. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all dwelling rooms in every hall and Dwelling office whatsoever, belonging to any person or persons, or to rooms in of-any bodies politick or corporate, that are or may be lawfully &c. charged with the payment of any other taxes or parish rates, c0ZfZxcu 6c shall be subject to the duties granted by this act, and shall be parish rates, respectively charged as inhabited houses, within the true intent to be subject and meaning of this act; and the person or persons, bodies po-to the^,?t,eg litick or corporate, to whom the feme shall belong, shall bTthhad. charged and assessed as the occupier or occupiers thereof: pro-

vified always. That each/Tiflind chamber or apartment, in any college or hall in any of the universities of Gnat, shall be £ub}ed to the duties granted by this act, as if the fame was an entire house.

XXXII. And be it likewise enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That every chamber or apartment in any of Apartments the inns of court of chancery, being severally in the tenure and the 6f occupation of any person or persons, (half be subject to thebl^to the duties granted by this act, as if the feme was entire duties, house.

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, That this act, or anything to exte«d herein contained, shall not extend, or be confirued to extend, to any house o charge with the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, any occupied by louse or tenement in the possession or occupation of his Ma- raj£*« eftjf, or any xxfdie royal family, nor to subject or charge any m mbaffedor or foreign Minister, sefiding in the kingdom of

rTAet Brkam^ xo or wkh the payment of the said duties granted »y this act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Regulations kites and regulations provided by the acts of the eighteenth and "tke °* inotecoth yearn of thercign-of his frtfent Majesty before then- j*?dr

tioned, exempting

5§p Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. j&. 117^4«

Warehousr s, tioned, for exempting' all warehouses ai>d buildings requisite &c. extended f0r carrying on manufactures, trades, occupations, and callings, to ilm aft, froth the duties on inhabited houses, imposed by those adb, shall be extended to exempt all such warehouses and buildings* in like manner, from the rates and duties imposed by this act.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Hospitals, &c. authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall ex-Exempted > tend, dr be construed to extend, to charge or make liable any

hospital, charity.school, dr house provided for the reception suid relief of 'poof persons, to (he payment of the rate or duty im-except apart- posed by this act, except such apartments therein as are or may merits ot offt* be occupied by the officers or servants thereof, which shall be cers,&c. subject to the faine duty (according to the number of windows in each), as other inhabited houses are by this adk subject to;

XXXVI. And* it is further enacted by the authority afore* Parents and said. That where ariy person or persons chargeable with the du' guardians ties hereby granted as aforesaid, shall be under (he age of Fiaole to pay fWenty-one years, in every such case the parents, guardians,

or m an s. ancj tutors of such infants respectively, upon default of payment by such infants, shall be, and are hereby made liable to and charged with the payments which the said infants ought to have madej and if such.parents, guardians, or tutors, shallneg*

lect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed again# them m like manner as again# any other person or persons making default of payment of the duties hereby granted; and all parents, guardians, and tutors, making payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every sum and sums paid for such infants in his; her, or their accounts.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore*

No perlou to fa*l(j^ yhat the payment of any of the rates and duties gran«d men^by pay" by this act, by any occupier or occupiers of any dwelling house ment of the or houses, in any parish or place, shall not entitle the person or rates. persons so paying such rates or duties to a legal fetclementin

such parish or place.

What housea XJCXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no shall be deem- house shall* within the intention of this act, be deemed or taken ed inhabited. to an inhabited house, except the same shall be inhabited by the owner, or his servant or servants, or by a tenant or tenants renting the fame,

Commission-

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no «rf» in^nS* son shall be capable, in \ Wales, or Berwick upon

wak until0t a<a‘nS as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or ex* they have ecuting any of the powers herein contained (unless it be the ydeen the power hereby given of adminstering oaths,) until such time °?K,apJSf)int’iie have ta^cn t*lc oaths appointed by the act of paj[w" Geo «a e \«ment made in t^le fifft.ywr of the rcigri of his late majesty Kfo?

3* George the First, intituled An act for the further of hit

Majestfs person and government* and the of the

therheirs of the late princefi Sophia, being; and fir fcf*

tinguishing the hopes of thos Wales, and his

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto (GEORGH HI, t. 3#. jgj.

end secret abettors; which oaths, and any others prescribed to btf

taken by this act, it shall and may be lawful for any two of more of the commissioners to administer, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer the same, to any other of the said commissioners accordingly.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person oft-penalty of hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, city, town, or place, in England, Wales* or Berwick upon Tweed, shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, befo e he.

shall have taken the oaths which by this act he is required to take, and in manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of twd hundred pounds.

XLI. Provided always, That every person appointed by this CommifiiQtf-act to be a commissioner for executing the several powers here- era in Scotland in contained, in that part of Great Britain called, shall,

before his acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, ^anc^and* or any of the powers herein contained, take and subscribe the abjuration, oaths of allegiance and abjuration, and subscribe the afluranrce &c. appointed by law to be taken and subscribed by persons on penalty «f in offices of publick trufl in Scotland, upon pain of forfeiting xoh the sum of twenty pounds sterling; which oaths it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said commissioners to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same accordingly.

XLII. rrovided likewise, and be it further enacted by the AflUfors to be authority aforesaid, That every person to be appointed an af- f*onf. feflor as aforesaid shall, before he presumes to act in the execution of the said office or employment, take the following oath

I A.B. do swear, [or affirm, as the case may require], The oatl%

in the assessment which / shall make of the houses and offices within the district or parish for which 1 am appointed an -

Jeff or* 1 will rate each according to the whole number of Windows therein, to the best of my knowledge and judgement; and that will truly and faithfully execute the trusts reposed in me by virtue of ait act of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of cocoa nuts and coffee and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon.

Which oath any two or more of the commissioners in the, county, shire, city, or place, where the assessment is to be made, are hereby un powered and required to administer.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of acting Commissioiy* as a commissioner in the execution of this prefenr aft, or any of for the the powers herein contained, within the crty of, and liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, nor within the city and liberty ^"woni a* of Westminster* unless such person be possessed of lands, tene- to their quag-

Hients, or personal estate, to the amount or value of two thou- fixation*

Vox#. XXXIV. R r faad

£8& Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. [1784.

sand pounds at lead, after the payment of all his debts, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; which qualification they shall swear to, previous to their aiding as aforesaid, or (being one of the people called make and

subscribe his solemn affirmation,' in the following form:

The oath* T A.B. Jo swear, [or aas the case may require,] that,

X truly and bona fide, I han estate% consisting of [specify* ing the fame,] of thi char value of two thousand over

above what will satisfy and discharge all my debts*

'So help me GOD.

Penalty on And If any person shall presume to act as a commissioner in the commissionen execution of this present act, or any of the powers herein con-Mart mined, within the city of London, and liberty of Saint Martin It taken Grand, or within the city and liberty of before be

oath, shall have taken such oath, or made such affirmation as herein-

before is directed, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the Aim of two hundred poundsj one moiety thereof shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to any person or persons who will inform and sue for the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Fwfons over- That if any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or pealtotSe* ^emselves respectively overcharged or overrated by any assess-commission- ment, charge, or surcharge, to be made by virtue of or in our* in fuance of this act, it shall be lawful for him or them itfpec?

tively to appeal to the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required tp hear and determine all such appeals; and that all such appeals shall be heard and determined on the days appointed, and in the manner directed in the several acts herein-before mentioned, with re-sped to the rates and duties thereby granted.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission- That the said commissioners, or any of them, shall not, upon k^ofappeals *bc ^earing of any appeal, make any abatement or defal-not to make cation in the charge or surcharge made upon any person by such. any abate- assessment as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any such surveyor ment, &c. on- gr surveyors as aforesaid, but the fame mail (land good, and re* madron oath ma*n P*1 annual assessments, unless it shall then appear that the ap- 1 to the said commissioners, by examination of the circumstancts peilant is of the case upon oath, that such person hath been overrated in over-rated, and by such assessment or surcharge \ in which cases the W commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered, upon every such appeal, to abate or diminish any such assessment to be made as aforesaid, in such manner as they shall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this act \ and every person intending to appeal to the said commissioners shall and is hereby required to give, at the leafs* ten days notice

1784*} Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3$. 583

tice thereof to any aftedor or aftedbrs, furvqyor or surveyors of Persont in the parish or place wherein such person is aftededy of such in- tc,|d»ng to ap-tendon to appeal and such adeflor or a He {Tors, surveyor or fur- g^e’ days veyors, may then and there attend and justify the said assess- notice to the ment and surcharge; and such afledor and alFeflors, surveyor assessvrs, &c. and surveyor*, and appellant, shall have full and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such appeals, and of the said commissioners determining the same.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all appeals, once heard and determined by the said com- Bctermma-

mifftDners, or any three or more of them, or the major part of tion of the

them then present, on the day or days by them appointed for

hearing of appeals, shall be nna), except as herein after di-

reeled. except, «c.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such afledor or assessors, surveyor or survey- Person* difla* ors, or the persons so appealing, in that part of Great Britain ti*6ed with called England^ or in Wales, or in Berwick upon ,shall ap- the deiermi-

prehend the determination made by the said commissioners to ?omnjifTionera be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and may, in Eng-shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such deter- land or Wales, mination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such assessor or aPP|*l.to one assessors, surveyor or surveyors, or appellant respectively, to re-°f Jhecoort*©! quire the said commissioners to state specially, and to sign the King's Bench, case upon which the question arose, together with the de- &c« termination thereupon; which case the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to date and sign accordingly, and to cause the feme to be delivered to the party making Rich request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the justices of the court of king’s bench or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer, for the time being; and every such justice and baron* is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion there* upon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion, so certified, the assessment which shall have been the cause of such appeal shall be altered or confirmed; and that if such assessor and in Scot-or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, or the person so appeal- h«d to one of ing, in that part of Great Britain called, shall apprehend the determination made by the said commissioners to be reffi^ or ba-contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall ronsof exchc-thess declare himself or herself di Satisfied with such determ ina- quer there, lion, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor, or person didatisfied respectively, to require the said commissi-enc rsyor the major part of them then present, to state specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; which case the said commissioners are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the feme to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted to one of the judges of the court of session, or one of the barons of the

v R r 2exebe-

5*+

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. [1784.

exchequer, in Scotland; and every such judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpced, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscrtb- cd thereto; according to which opinion, so certified, the assessT-ment which shall have been the cause of such appeal shall be altered or confirmed: provided always, That notwithstanding any such case so transjnitted to any of the said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said commissioners shall (land, with respect to the payments which shall become due preco-dent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for any offences against this act, for which there is no particular way of levying hereto prescribed or appointed, shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at W, with costs of suit, by sc* tion of debt or on the case, bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, wager at law, or more than one impar* lance, shall be allowed.

Constablet,

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all con-&<: to be aid- tables and headboroughs, tything men, and other his Majesty's !ng exwut- °®cers» &aN* anc* are hereby required and enjoined, to be re-ing this act. spectively aiding and a flirting in the execution of this act, and to obey and execute fuehjprecepts and warrants as shall be to them directed in that behalf by the respective commissioners hereby appointed, or any three or more of them.

From Sept. L. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore* i5» i7?+» the said, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, 10 follomng ad- ancj for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for to1 be"paid to an<* upon the several goods herein after mentioned, which shall,

" ‘ from and after the said fifteenth day of, one thou£ud

seven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, or be delivered out of tfe warehouses in which the fame shall, on the said fifteenth day of j September be lodged under the care and custody of the pro*

per officers for fecoring the duties heretofore payable thereoo, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already itn-posed thereon, the several and respective duties following; (that is to say;}

his Majesty videlicet.

For every pound of cocoa nuts, the produce of British America, &c. 6d.

as. 6d.

For every tound of cof*

But if the pro- ^or cve,7 pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nois, duce of any. growth or produce of any British colony or plantation ia other place, America, and imported directly from thence, the sum of fix* pence:

And for every like pound weight of cocoa nuts of any otba the°pro-" P^ace>the ^um of one shilling and sixpence: duce of British For every like pound weight of coffpe, of the growth or pro*

America, &c. duce of any British colony or plantation in, and im«

6d. ported directly from thence, the sum of sixpence:

But if the pro- And for every like pound weight of coffee, of any othe place, the sum of two shillings and sixpence;

duce of any fther place.

at. 6d.

AlV

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. 585

And in those proportions for any greater or less quantity: and Hew duties to the said duties shall also be subject and liable to an additional to impost or duty of five pounds per centum, and five pounds per SSpoftoSTe*1 centum thereon, which were iroposed by two several acts of par- percent, and foment, made in the nineteenth and twenty-second years of 5 per cent, his Majesty's reign, for granting to his Majesty additional du- im*

ties upon the produce of the several duties under the manage* Geo. ment of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise and t» Geo/# in Great Britain. 3. c. 66.

LI. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties herein-before granted upon the importation of Import duties cocoa nuts and coffee shall be under the management and di- to be under redtion of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Eng* the land and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready OTrami/fimiers money, without any discount or deduction Whatsoever; and the of thecuf., said duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, toms, and to and shall be drawn back upon the exportation of the fame *in goods, in the same manner and form, and under such restric- y tions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed* (except where any alteration is made by this act,) as fully, tp all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

LII. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said fifteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several duties and und dotioT" other impositions of excise, commonly called The Inland, upon cocoa upon all cocoa nuts or coffee imported, fold, or used in this nuts and cof-kingdom, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or pay- feetoceafe. able.

LIII. Provided always, That in order to ease the merchants Clause for and importers of coffee and cocoa nuts from the difficulty of in ofcoJie^ paying down the full duties imposed thereon by this act, it is and cocoa hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said nuts* duties shall not be paid for any coffee or cocoa nuts which shall be imported into this kingdom, from and after the said fifteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four,

provided that such coffee or cocoa nuts shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under his Majesty's locks, in such warehouse or warehouses (to be provided at the expence of the importer or proprietor of such goods) as the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs at the port of importation, shall approve of for that purpose, and shall not be taken out or delivered from such warehouse or ware* houses, but upon the following conditions; (that is to say,) if such coffee or cocoa nuts, or any part thereof, shall be delivered for exportation to foreign parts, the same shall be subject and liable to the like security, regulations, and restrictions, as

Rr3 Eafi

If such coffee or cocoa nuts shall not be exported, or the duties

commissioners pt the cultoms may (ell the lame, $c.

58$ Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGII III. c. 39 '[1784.

Eajf India goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great are now liable to by law$ but if such coffee or cocoa nuts, or any part thereof, shall be taken out in order to be used in this kingdom, the person or persons so taking out the fame shallfirff pay down the said additional duties, and they shall in all other respects be liable to the same restrictions and regulations as they would have been subject and liable to if such coffee and cocoa nuts had not been warehoused in pursuance of this act: provided always, That if such coffee or cocoa nuts shall not be either exported, or the duties paid for the same, within twelve calendar months from the importation thereof, but shall then continue and be remaining in the said Warehouse or ware-paid"witmn ithouses, in such case it shall and may be lawful for the commit-months, the sioners of his Majesty's customs for England and Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them for the time being, to cause such coffee or cocoa nuts, so remaining, to be publickly sold by auction, or inch of candle, to the heft bidder; and the money anting by such sale to be applied first in discharge of the duties, and the expences of such sale, and the overplus, (if any) to be paid to the importer or proprietor of such coffee or cocos Tiuts, or other persons legally authorised to receive the fane; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstand*

nW And be it further enacted by the authorit y aforesaM, Defendants That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be fned, may plead the tnolefted, or prosecutea, for any thing by him or them done or general ilfuc, executed in pursuance of this a ft, or of any clause, matter, of thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict fful pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue arty action, or Puffer a nonpros, or fiiaD become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants And have treble costs awarded to him or them against sech plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXIX.

tnd hive treble costs.

An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain, viduaUng, and transport bills, and ordnance

[Preamble.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affetnbJed, have taken into our serious consideration the present state of the dt*bt of your Majesty's navy, and office of ordnance; and being desirous to make some provision towards satisfaction thereof, have resolved. That all persons interested in, or intitled onto, any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy or vidhiaUing offices, or for transports, which were made out on or before 1 be thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven bundled and eighty-

Anno vicesimo quarto GfeOfcGII lit. C. 39; 587

eighty-two^ who already have carried, or should, on or before the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and wighty-fous, carry the fame, after having had the interest there* upon computed and marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling office respectively, to the office of the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, should have in exchange for the fame, from stich treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the Governor and company of the bank of, for every entire

Aim of one of more hundred pounds, of which such bill or bills, together with the interest so marked, should consist 5 and also one ether certificate for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, being the remainder of such bill or bills; and the persons who should be possessed of such first-mentioned certificates, of the entire sum of one or more hundred pounds, should, upon deli*

*ery thereof to the said governor and eompany, be intitled, in respect of the fame, to the sum of one hundred and seven founds, ten shillings, and sixpence capital stock, for each one hundred pounds of such bills made out on or before the said thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty* two; and have also resolved. That all persons intended in, or intitled unto, any debentures payable out of the office of ordnance, which were dated on or before the thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, who already have carried, or should, on or before the tenth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-finir, carry the same to the treasurer of his Majesty's office of ordnance, and should have the interest on such debentures computed after the rate of four pounds per untum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen

months from the date thereof, to (he fifth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and should have a certificate for every one hundred pounds contained in the amount of the principal and interest of such debentures, and also a certificate for the fractional part of one hundred pounds, the first of the said certificates to be carried to the governor and company of the bank of England, should be intitled, in respect of the fame, to the sum of one hundred and seven pounds, ten shillings, and sixpence capital stock, for each one hundred pounds of such debentures made out oh or before the said thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the said capital stock to be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per tentum per anrtum: We, your Majesty's most faithful commons, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all persons interested in or intitled unto any bill or All persone bills, payable in the course Qf the navy or victualling offices, or interested i* /or transports, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day a"Y nay, or of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, who shall, JmsuaUin8 ou or before the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hnn- 9

Rf4 dred

£$S Anno vicesimo quarto GeoRGirlll. c. 39; [1784.

dred and eighty-four, carry the fame, after having had the interest thereupon computed up to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and marked upon the said. bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, to the s office of the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, shall have, in ex* Change for the fame, from such treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England, for every entire turn of one or more hundred pounds

of which such bill or bills, together with the interest so marked thereupon, shall consist, and also one other certificate for the fra&iooal part of one hundred pounds, being the remainder.of the amount of the principal and interest of such bill or bills; and the persons who shall be possessed of such first*mentioned certificates of the entire sum of one or more hundred pounds, shall, ppon delivery thereof to the said governor and company, be intitled, in respect of the feme, to the sum of one hundred and seven pounds, ten shillings, and sixpence capital stock, for each pne hundred pounds of such bills made out on or before the said thirtieth day of June,one thousand seven hundred and pr ordinance eighty-two 5 and also that all persons interestetf in or intitled debenture*, unto any debentures, payable out of the office of ordnance, d ^d°nt0r were dated on or before the thirtieth day bf one

Wore°June thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, who shall^ on or be-*o, 178#, fore the tenth day of Qfttbir, one thousand seven hbndred and who mall, on eighty-four, carry the same to the treasurer of his Majesty's of-or before Oct. fice of ordnance, and shall have the interest on such debeuturei jo, j784- f competed after the rate of four pounds per centum per anuau, to The'refi^jft- from expiration of fifteen months from the date thereo:. to jve treatuma, the fifth day of Jiffy, one thousand seven hundred and e?/ and have the four, and mail nave a certificate for every one hundred uoi :1s iptenfi com- coptained in thdamount of principal and interest or such d

turps, and a»so a certificate for the fractional part 01 one hur.;l a certificate pounds, the first of the said certificates to be carried to the go* for every verpor and company of the bank of England shall be intjtled, 100l. to the in respect of the fame, to the sum of one hundred and levea flu* bank °and Pounds, ten shillings and sixpence capital stock, for eqch one bp intitled to hundred pounds of such debentures made out on, or before the >07*1- »os. fid. said thirtieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and itock for the eighty-two 5 which said capital stock shall be attended with anil* 5 Per puities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, " ? commence from the,fifth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein after mentioned.

Person* ppf* |i. And be it further enacted by the authority, aforesaid* of navy That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person orper--,v>2^‘lingl fon$> natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who pnbr before stall PP^efled of, interested ip, or iptifled unto any bill of June, 10,17X1.,), payable in course out of his Majesty's offices of the navy t^/ieiiver pr victualling, pr for trjanfports, or any debenture or debeo-fhern fw the sure$, payable out of his Majesty's of otdnjuice, whi

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39, 589

were itfpeCbvdy made out or dated in the said respective offices, respective on or before the thirtieth day of Junty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, to deliver such bill or bills, debenture or before debentures, to the respective treasurers of the said offices, to be Oct. 10, 1714, marked, cancelled, and certified in such manner as is herein after mentioned, at any time on or before the tenth day of Ofiobtr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed by notice given in the London Gazotte, and other publick papers for that purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the interest which became due on the Interest which said fifth day of Juljy one thousand seven hundred and eighty- became due four, for and in respect of such of the said navy, victualling, ’

and transport bills as bear an interest, shall be computed and bills,’&c. fedt marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling office re- be marked spectively, before the same are delivered to the treasurer of his thereon, be- Majesty's navy; and the proper officer and officers of his Ma- JteihSSto* iefty’s navy office and victualling office respectively, is and are the treasurer* hereby authorized and required to compute and mark the interest as aforesaid, upon every such bill which shall be tendered

to him or them for that purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of his Treasurer of Majesty's navy for the time being, to take in and receive from the navy to all and every person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies Kf 2lls on« politick or corporate, who is, are, or shall be possessed of, in- & oa. 10, terested in, or intitled unto, any such navy, victualling, or 17S4. transport bills, all the said bills which any such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall, on or before the said tenth day of Oftobtry one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

four, deliver to such treasurer; and the said treasurer, or his Bills to be can-paymaster and cashier, is and are hereby authorized and requir- called, and ed to mark and cancel every such bill, and make forth and sign the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said bills $ and that it also shall and may be lawful to and for the &c. 9

treasurer of his Majesty's office of ordnance, in like manner, to take in all such debentures, payable out of the said office of ordnance, which, on or before the said tenth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be delivered to him; and the said last mentioned treaffirer, or his deputy, is hereby authorized and required to cancel the fame, and to make forth and sign the certificates herein directed to be made out in lieu of such debentures.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, bodies politick and cor- Every certifi-porate, who shall deliver any such bill or bills, debenture or cate for 1001, debentures, to the said respective treasurers as aforesaid, upon to h*ve *" producing such certificates as are hereby directed to be made

forth by the said treasurers, in lieu of such bills and debentures, p shallf in respect of th* principal sum hereby granted fqr every

entire

59°

to be paid at the bank half-yearly.

Annuities to be tax free.

Annuities charged on a funa to be established this fefton, and collaterally on the fink* Sag fuad«

Treasurer of the navy, to give certificates for bills*

and the treasurer of the ordnance for debentnits.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39. [1784.

entire sum of one hundred pounds contained in such respedbve certificates, have and be intitled to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and to be paid or payable to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate* or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively; which said annuity shall be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at two of the most usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of, and tbs

fifth day of J*ly%the first payment thereof to become due on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

five; and that all persons and corporations, intitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, sure, abiblute, and indefeazable estates and interests in the said annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, and shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority tforeW

That the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per ((*& per annum, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable

out of, the monies which shall from time to time arise and b in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fund to be established in this session of parliament, and for which the fund, commooly called The Sinking Fund, shall be a collateral security; and tfut the said annuities shall be irredeemable until twenty-five oil* lions of the publick debt, bearing interest after the rate of eitbcf three pounds per centum per annum, or four pounds per fer annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeM That, upon the delivering in of every such navy, victualling* or transport bill, by any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, or his paynnft* and cashier, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a certificate signed by him or them for tl* principal sum or sums contained in every such bill, and also (or the interest which shall have been computed and marked a aforesaid to be due on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon such of the said bills # bear an interest, to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their assigns» and that upon the do* livering in by any person or persons, bodies politick or corpo* rate, of every such debenture or debentures, the treasurer of h* Majesty's office of ordnance, or his deputy, shall, and they hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a certificate

59*

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39;

fsigned by the said treasurer, or deputy, for the principal sum -or fa ms contained in every such debenture, and also for the interest on such debentures, computed after the rate of four pounds

percentum per annum, from the expiration of fifteen months from the date thereof, to the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their assigns; and all such Certificates certificates shall be assignable by indorsement thereupon, made assignablt on* *at any time before the twemy-first day of, one thou- ^P*41*

sand seven hundred and eighty-four, and no longer; and all *c* such certificates and assignments thereupon shall not be charged with any stamp-duties whatsoever; and that the interest, so computed and marked on every such bill and debenture respectively bearing interest as aforesaid, shall be added to the principal Turn contained in every such bill and debenture respe&ivdy, and the amount of such principal and interest, or the amount of the sum contained in every such bill and debenture not bear- ing interest, certified in manner before directed, except as here-in-after is mentioned, shall be the principal sums for which the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such ‘ bills or debentures, shall be intitled to an annuity after the said rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

'That all certificates of fra&ional parts of one or more hundred Certificates of pounds, shall be paid by the treafUrer of his Majesty's navy, fn&iooal according to the course of the navy, in such order as the bills ait part of which such certificates (halt have been granted were payable; and that all certificates of fractional parts of one or more hundred pounds of such debentures shall be paid by the treasurer of his Majesty's office of ordnance; and such of the said certificates so to be granted in part of bills bearing interest,

shall, from the said fifth day of July% one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, carry interest after such rate as would have been payable in respect of the sums mentioned in the said bills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and that all the said certificates which shall not have been Certificates delivered to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, shall and may not delivered be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, until the fame treasur--shall be paid in the course of the navy as aforesaid; and that mwbeafi ' none of the said assignments shall be charged with any damp- tigned, &c. duties whatsoever. '

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any infants shall, by the gift, devise, or decease, of the Guardians of parent, or other relation of such infants, or otherwise, become Infant* may intitled to any of the said bills or debentures, in such case, the d? guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, of such infant or in- benture^ic. fants, shall or may be, and he/ (he, or they, is or are hereby

inn powered, for the benefit of such irtfent or infants, to deliver up to such respeCUve treasurers all such of the said bills or debentures to which such infant or infants shall be so intitled; and such infant and infants, guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees.

rtf of tool, wtobcpiuiv

9*

Ctanfe relative to executors, &c. interested in any such bills or debentures.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39.

[1784. trustees, delivering up such bills or debentures, shall be intitled to such an annuity as aforesaid; and the said guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall be discharged from the feme; any thing herein contained, or any Jaw, usage, or custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanmng.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who, as executor to, or administrator, trustee, committee of an idiot or lunatick, or persons of unfound mind, depositary, or mortgagee, shall be or become possessed of, interested in, or intitled unto, any of the said bills dr debentures, shall and may deliver up such bills or debentures as they shall be so possessed of, interested in, or intitled unto, to such respective treasurers as aforesaid; and as to executors or administrators, the annuities which they shall be intitled to, in respect of the said bills or debentures, so by them delivered up, shall be the fame assets in their hands, as the said bills or debentures were or would have been had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid { and as to trustees, committees, depositaries, and mortgagees, tlpe annuity which they shall be intitled unto, for or in respect of such trust or mortgaged bills or debentures which they shall so deliver up to such respective treasurers as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the same trusts and equity of redemption, as such bills orde-bentures were or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (halt and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of, and their successors, or such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to take in and receive all and every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the said bills and debentures as aforesaid, in pursuance of the directions of this act; and upon the receipt of the every such certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby amount there- required forthwith to give credit, in a book or books to be pre-°*to e pared for that purpose, for the principal sums contained in every such certificate so brought to him or them as aforesaid; and the persons, bodies politick or corporate, to whose credit such principal sums shall be entered in the said book or books, his, ber> or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the fame, or any part, share» or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the said governor and company for the time being, shall also, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-fire* ihcexcheouer transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said boqk pr books first iprein-before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XII. And) for tbf more and Jure payment of the

Bank tmpcftr red to receive certificates;

and to giv credit, for

va

An attested copy of such pooksto be

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39. 593

aflabU/bed by this act, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank Bank to ap-of England^ and their successors, shall, from time to time, ap- P?int a c*-point and employ one or more sufficient person or persons, with- ^ountant^ in their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first general, cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the same office, to be their accountant-general j add that the mo- CommiSonnies from time to time and at any time being in the receipt of cr* of 'be the exchequer, of the fund to be established for paying the said oi^crthe'mo-annuities, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, nice of the fail or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time fund to be being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, paid totbe or obtained in that behalf, be issued and paid, at the said receipt of exchequer, to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers the annuity*. of the said governor and company of the bank of, and

their successors for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account, for the payment of the said annuities 5 and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said monies shall, from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer. -

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said account- Accountant-

ant*general for the time being shall, from time to time, inspect

and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or ce?pt*»iid cashiers, and the vouchers relating the reunto, in order to pre- payments, &c, vent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies, intended to be converted into annuities by AUthemomes virtue of this act, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be to he convert-one capital or joint stock, on which the said annuities, after the ^UX" said rate of five pounds per centum per, shall be attending; t£ be one

and that all and every person and persons, and corporations what- joint stock, Ibever, in proportion to the money which he, she, or they shall be intitled to, as aforesaid, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said stock, and in the annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforesaidj and that the which shall be said whole capital or joint stock, or any share or interest there- arguable, in, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, shall be assignable and transferable, as this act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the office of the Books to be said accountant-general for the time being, within the city of kept by tt*

London,a book or books, wherein all assignrrrents or transfers

of the said whole capital or joint stock, or any part thereof, and fntering the proportional anntflty attending the fame, at the rate afore- transfers, said, shall be entered and registered; which entries shall be con- Manner of ceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be ligned by transferring, the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more. credible wit nodes 2 and that the person or persons to whom such

transfer

59+

Annuities

the redcmjy-tion of their fundi*

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39. [1784.

transfer shall he made, shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance (hereof; and that no other method of affigiv-ing or transferring the said dock, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and that no stamp-duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them.

XV. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any share may b« devis- or interest in the said joint dock of annuities, or any estate of cd oy will. intered therein, may devise the lame by will in writing, attesterf

by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment (had be made upon any such devise until so much of the said will at relates to such estate, share, or intered, be entered in the said office and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share* estate, or intered, shall go to the executors, administrators, fuo-ceflprs, and assigns.

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Bank to con- authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the tinue a corpo* bank of England, and their fuccedors, notwithstanding the reration, not- demption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the withstanding a^s for cftayinting the fame, or any of them, shall continue a

corporation for the purposes of this act, till all the said annuities shall be redeemed by parliament j and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing ia pursuance of this act.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, <No fee to be That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demand-taken for com- ed or taken for computing and marking the intered on the said

bills or debentures, or for receiving, taking in, 6r cancelling the said bills or debentures, or any of them, or for granting certificates in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, or for issuing the monies for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any Turn, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this act; upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity, contrary to this act, shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieved 5 to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by adioft of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majedj's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of redraint, oc any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall have power, and they are hereby authorized, out of the fund to be established in this session of parliament for payment of the annuities granted by this act, or out of the sinking fund, to reward all such persons as shall be any ways employed in the execution of this act, for their service, pains, and labour; ami life to defray such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the

puting interest, or cancelling bills, Ac,

on penalty of toll

Commissioners of the treasury may reward all pocTons employed in executing this act.

1784 } Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. S9S

the fame; and also to appoint such allowances as they shall think proper for the service, pains, and labour of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuU ties made payable by this act; and also for the service, pains, and trouble of the accountant-general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on him by this act; all which allowances, hereby impowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued. Defendants molested, or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing seaerai therein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, qr the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonfiiited, or judgement shall be given agatnd him or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded *ud recover 9gainst such plaintiff or plaintiffs. B, We cott‘*

CAP. XL.

efn qfl for granting to his Majesty additional duties on linens printed,

painted, Jlained,or dyed in Great Britain; and for granting certain duties on cotton stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and an licences for bleaching or dying the fame; and upon the importation of stuffs made of, or mixed with cotton, not pointed, printed,

Jlained, or dyed in foreign parts,

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamp commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies for your Majesty's publick ex-peaces, have cheerfully resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Aadditional rates and duties herein after mentioned, upon all linens which shall be printed, painted, dained, or dyed in Great Britain, and the several rates and duties herein after mentioned upon all duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, which shall be either bleached or dyed in Great Britain j and upon licences for bleaching or dying such duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be cnadUd* and be it enacted by the King’s jnoft excellent

fl^jedy.

ele

595 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. [1784.

From Oct. ?, majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord* (pi-lowui addi- ritual ar*d temporal, and commons, in this present parliament tionai duties assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and to be paid to after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and his Majesty eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, whoir'made to an<1 ^or u^e Ms Majesty, his heirs and successors, for of hempor and upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax,' which, at flax, and any time or times after the said first day of, one thou-stuffs made of sand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be printed, painted, C°tton*and ^Med, or dyed in Great, (such linens as shall be dyed

linen "reckon- throughout of one colour only, always excepted), the additional ing yard- wide; rates and duties herein after expressed over and above all other videlicet, duties payable for the fame; that is to say.

For all linens For an(* uPotl ^ncng w ^y made of hemp or flax, to be made of hemp printed, painted, stained, or dyed as aforesaid, in Great ' or flax* print- (such linens as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only, ed, dyed, &c. always excepted), the fun* of three farthings for every yard in tain 7except lcn8th» reckoning yard-wide, and after that rate for a greater those dyed*1 or lesser quantity: throughout of one colour), three farthings per yard i

For cotton For an^ upon all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, and stuffs, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great, to

cotton and be bleached or dyed as aforesaid in Great, (not being

5*72 u’afoe-,awn9 or Sauzes of linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged with fa^d in Great" cotton), which shall be under the value of three shillings by the Britain, (not yard in length, without respect to the breadth, before the sene being linen shall be bleached or dyed, the sum of one penny for every yard so < *ed7dthPc<rt length, reckoning yard-wide, and after that rate fora greater or ton), WundeV le^r quantity: js, per yard in value, — i d. per yard i

, For all such And for and upon all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, stuffs as afore- and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, as?!per°yard, to bleached or dyed as aforesaid in Great Britain, (not befog or upwards, lawns or gauzes of linen, ornamented, figured, or fprigged ad. per yard, with cotton), which shall be of the value ot three shillings by the yard in length, without respect to the breadth, or of greater value, before the same shall be bleached or dyed, the sum of I two-pence for every yard in length, reckoning yard-wide, and I after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. New duties to That the said duties upon linens, printed, painted, stained* or th fUddY r° 1 d?ed *n Great Britain, and upon stuffs made of cotton and I

imports of°5 mixed, and stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in

per cent, on Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to the additional duties the amount or imposts of five pounds per centum, and five pounds par -minted b*tum and ^ve Poun<*s person the produce and amount

Geo. j. c?V/j hereof respectively, in the feme manner, and under the lame a 1 Geo. c. regulations as the additional duties of five pounds *71 and aa five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, are granted Geo. j. c. 66. iq his Majesty by three several acts of parliament made in the

nine*

.17*40 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40.

nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties by this act imposed upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, so printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, shall, from time to time be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered, and paid, by such ways and means, and under such management, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with the like discounts, allowances, exemptions, and drawbacks, and in such manner and form as the duties imposed upon the fame commodities, by ap ad madp in the tenth year of the reign of Queen for laying several duties upon soap, paper, chequered and Jinped and upon certain Jills, callicoes, linens, and stuffs, printed, painted, or Jlained,

(amongst other things thereby charged), towards raising the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned; or by another act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on foop and and upon certain linens, fills, callicoes, andfluffs, amongst other things thereby charged, towards raising the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned, or by any other act or alls of parliament by either of the said two acts of Queen Jnne referred unto, or by any other act of parliament since made, are to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered, and paid.

IV. And, for the better securing the duties by this granted upon all linens wholly made of hemp or flax, printed, painted, Jlained, or dyed in Great Britain, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such proper stamps or seals shall, on or before the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be provided and distributed by the commissioners for managing the several duties by the said two former acts, and by this act, chargeable on the said commodities, as may serve to denote the payment or charging of the several duties by this act, and the said former acts, chargeable on the fame commodities respectively; and that the said stamps or seals by this act directed to* be provided, shall be used and applied accordingly, and shall and may, from time to time, be renewed or altered by the said commissioners as often as they shall see fit to renew or alter the same.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, pains of death, and other pains, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever, contained in the said several alts of the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the duties on such commodities as are by this act charged with additional duties, or touching the stamps thereby or hereby directed, shall be continued, practised, and put in execution for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the additional duties by this act charged upon the fame commodities,

Vo i. XXXIV. Sf and

S97

Duties on linens to be collected and recovered in the fame man* ner as those imposed by

act to Annas, c. 19;

and 11 Annas, c. 9, &c.

On or before Od. i» 1784, stamps to be distributed by the commissioners for managing the duties on linens;

which may bt renewed or altered.

Provisions of former acts for raising the duties hereby enlarged, extended to this act.

59*

From Oct. t, 1784, the following duties on licences to be paid to his Majesty j videlicet.

Every bleacher or dyer of cotton stuffs, &c. al. per ann.

From Oct. t, 1784, no person to bleach or dye any such stuffs, without taking out a licence.

Licences in England and Wales, by whom to be granted t

and in Scotland,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georoit III. c. 40. f 1784.

and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in this present act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccedors, from and after the first day of Octob, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several duties herein after mentioned, for and upon the several licences to be taken out in manner herein after mentioned, by all bleachers or dyers, within Britain, of duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or duffs wholly ifaade of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain j that is to say.

Every bleacher or dyer of duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or of duffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, shall take out a licence, apd pay for the fame yearly the sum of two pounds,

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said first day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no person or persons whatsoever, who now doth, or at any time hereafter shall bleach or dye any duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or any stuft wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great, shall pit-fume by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publickly or privately, to bleach or dye any such duffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great, without first tak-

ing out a licence for that ptsrpose in manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they shall bleach or dye any such duffs as aforesaid; for which licence he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down for the fame the sum of two pounds in manner following; that is to say. If Mi licence be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, then such licence shall be granted under the hands

and seals of two Or more of his Majesty's commissioners of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the com* midioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duty for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London$ or if such licence shall be taken out in any part of England not within the said limits, or in WaUsy or Berwick upon Tweed, then such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of the collectors and supervisors of excise within their respective collections and didri&s, and the duty for the same shall be paid to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted: and in case such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh) such licence shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of his Majedv’s commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, or of Uich person or persons as the coauniflion-

ers

1784,) Anno vicesimo quarto GteofcGii III. c. 40. 599

ers of excise In Scotland shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, and the duty for the fame shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh; or if such licence shall be taken out in any other part of Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licence shall be granted under the hands and Teals of the collectors and supervisors of excise within their respective collections and districts, and the duty for the same shall be paid to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be so granted; and such respective commissioners of excise, and the persons so to be appointed by them respectively, and also all such collectors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant and deliver such licences to the persons who shall apply for the fame, upon their paying the duty herein-before mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person or persons who shall take out any such li- Licence* to bt cence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh rcnc,rc^tn" licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar nua months after taking out the first licence, before he, she, or they presume to bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid, and in the same manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like sum of two pounds for every new or renewed licence, in the manner, and at the places and times herein-before mentioned: and if any person or persons shall, after the Person* said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- bleaching, Ac# four, presume or offer to bleach or dye any such stuffs as afore- out i*i-said, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the cence, and fame yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respect renewing the tively forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for each offence: |?.rae t(?for* provided always, That persons in partnership, and carrying on pfs° their trade and business in any one house or place only, shall p^tnership not be obliged to take out more than one licence in any one need not take year for carrying on such trade; and that no one licence which out more than shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorize or impower ®nc licence any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to for onc hours# bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid in any other house or place than the house wherein he, she, or they did bleach or dye such stuffs as aforesaid, or in places thereto belonging, at the time of granting such licence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties as are charged upon such licences Duties to be In England, Walts, or the town of Berwick upon shall be under the ma-

under the management of the commissioners and officers of his Jommissioneri Majesty's revenue of excise in England for the time being; and of excise, such of the said duties as are charged upon such licences in Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of excise in Scotland.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who, on or Bleachers and before the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred dyer* to leave and eighty-four, shall bleach or dye any stuffs mad* of colton

S f 2, and

6oo

office of their names and places of abode, &c.

and of their utensils,

on penalty of 501*

Bleachers and dyers to make entry every six weeks.

Names and places of abode of the owners to be specified.

Need not go further than the next mar< ket town for making entries.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40.

[17

and linen mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Gri Britain, so that a duty shall be payable by this act upon d bleaching or dying the feme, shall on or before the said fiiftd of Octoberi one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, r or leave notice in writing, at the next office of excise, of ti respective names and places of abode, and of the place or pj where every such person or persons do usually bleach or i such stuffs as aforesaid; and that all and every such bleacbe dyer, as often as he, she, or they shall change their places bleaching or dying any of the said stuffs, and all and cveq j son and persons who at any time shall be a bleacher or dya any such stuffs as aforesaid, shall give or leave the like 0 of their respective names and places of abode, and of the he and places where they shall respectively work or intend to v in such bleaching or dying, and of the places where they spedlively shall dry or intend to dry any such duffs as atora and of all coppers, fats, and other utendls by them uid bleaching or dying, before they respectively presume to any such new or other place or places, or to use such fat, or other utensil, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty f*s for every neglect or default by not giving such nonce as* said.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority afora That* from and after the said fird day of OQdbtr, onetbej seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every person and p« who shall bleach or dye any such duffs as aforesaid, upcei bleaching or dying whereof a duty is chargeable bythjj shall, once in every Gx weeks, make a true entry in wri the next office of excise, of all such duffs as aforesaid fofcjk her, or them severally bleached or dyed within every i weeks respectively, which entries shall contain the juS w and quantities thereof; and if such bleacher or dyer be cat true owner of such duffs, or any of them, so bleached cr^ then, and in every such case, he, she, or they, in ew t entry, shall specify the names and places of abode of ibs Tons who are the owners thereof, or for whose account tiff! spedlively do bleach or dye the fame; which entry shall be o upon the oath of the bleacher or dyer, or of his, her, or* chief workman employed, to the bed of their knowledge belief, or, being a Quaker, upon his or her solemn affirm^ and the said oathr and affirmations to verify such entries* and may be administered by the proper collector or fupcrvs of the didridt within which such bleacher or dyer doth in^! without any fee or charge for the same.

XII. Provided always, That no person, for the making fc entries, oaths, or affirmations as are lad mentioned, obliged to go or fend further than the market town where 1 or her duffs made of cotton only, or of cotton and ho® ed, are bleached or dyed, or the next market town totb* of bleaching or dying the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority a

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 601

That all and every person and persons who shall bleach or dye Katies to be any such stuffs as aforesaid in Great Bri, shall from time to cleared within time, within six weeks after he, she, or they shall make, or entry, ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, clear off all the said duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all such stuffs as shall have been bleaclied or dyed by him, her, or them respectively as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for every'on penalty of default therein, double the sum of the fame duties whereof the forfeiting payment shall be so neglected 5 and that no such person, after double the such default in payment made, shall deliver or carry out, or cause to be delivered or carried out, any such bleached or dyed goods, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, on pain to forfeit double the value of the goods so delivered or carried out.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the officers of excise shall at all times, by day Officer* may, or by night, and if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, entcTthef' or other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon his or their house*, &c. of request, to enter into the house, workhouse, dryinghouse, ware- bleachers or house, field, or other place, belonging to or used by any person or dyers, and persons who shall bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid, and ^k^and to take a just account of the kinds and quantities thereof which make report shall have been bleached or dyed by such person or persons thereof to the from time to time, and shall thereof make a report or return in commission-writing to the respective commissioners of excise, or such per- er*’ son or persons as they respectively shall appoint to receive the same; leaving a true copy, if demanded, of such report, in Copy of rewriting under his hand, with or for the said bleacher or dyer p?rt to be left respectively, and such report or return shall be i charge upon Wca*

;very such bleacher or dyer respectively; and if the said officer c c* hall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true copy of his report it the time of taking such account, the fame being demanded on

is aforesaid, every such officer, for every such offence, shall for- 40 s. eit the sum of forty shillings to every such bleacher or dyer respectively.

XV. Provided always, That every officer who shall be im- Officers ini-towered to make such charge as is last mentioned, shall, in the

irft place, be sworn for the due and faithful execution of his charge^to be ffice, and the oath in that behalf shall and may be administered sworn.1 >y all or any of the commissioners of excise, or by any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, who shall give to such officer certificate thereof.

XVI. And, for the better preventing of frauds, be it further

lasted, That all and every the officers of excise shall also be Officers may ermitted to take an account of the quantities of the said stuffs time, hich shall at any time or times be in the custody or possession f any bleacher or dyer to be bleached or dyed; and in case any in possessficer shall miss any quantity or quantities of such duffs where- (Urn of any f he had taken an account at his lad survey, th^n, and in bleacher. See. rery such case, such officer shall charge such bleacher or dyer

S f 3 with

6q£ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40% [1784.

with the duties of such Ruffs so missing, as if the fame were bleached or dyed.

Person# ob-

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons who structing offi- shall* bleach or dye any of the Ruffs aforesaid, shall obRrudor jjn(jcr any of the said officers in the execution of the powers given by this act for ascertaining and securing the duties there*

upon, the offenders therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Stuffs prepar* That if any bleacher or dyer of Ruffs made of cotton and linen ed for bleach- mixed, or wholly made of cotten wool, wove in Great, (bail

ing or dying bleach or dye such Ruffs, or prepare the fame for bleaching or sured* Fc% dying, before the same shall have been measured and marked at the officer, to both ends thereof by the officer of excise with a frame mark de* be forfeited, noting the measure thereof, then, and in every such case, the and sol for said Ruffs fb bleached or dyed; or preparing for bleaching or each piece. clying, before being so measured and marked by the office,

shall be forfeited, and the bleacher or dyer, in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit twenty pounds for evtfj piece.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Bleached That no person or persons who shall bleach or dye any of tir goods not to said Ruffs chargeable with the said duties by this act, shall fc

uon"?hToffi- ve> carry> or/e.nd £ kfuf[er " be rem°ved>

cer have sent away, any of the said Ruffs by him, her, or them bleached*

taken an ac- dyed, until such time as the proper officer shall havetakena

count thereof, account of every particular quantity of such Ruffs so to beer*

the fame*r,cc^ away* a°d unt‘I every particular piece or pare f, or rtf*

nant of such Ruffs, be duly marked at both ends thereof

a Ramp or seal, or Ramps or seals, denoting the chargingu

duty as this act directs, on pain of forfeiting the sum of t*&!

on penalty of pounds for every such offence; and that all such Ruffs, foe*

forfeiture. ried away without being marked with a Ramp or seal, or (hi#

or seals, denoting the charging the said duties, and being M

in the possession of any draper, or other trader or dealer thertfj

or of any person for the use of such draper, trader, or dealer,

sale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer 4

excise.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority afordf Bleachers, &c. That in case any bleacher or dyer of such Ruffs as aford" ouMheoffi- wilfulty cut our* obliterate or deface, or wilfully so* cer’s mark to to he cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the frame mark I. denote the by the officer on any piece of such Ruffs as aforesaid, to measure, shall note the measure thereof, every such bleacher or dyer shall w forfeit 10l. soit the sum of ten pounds for every piece on which the so Goodsfnrvey- frame mark shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or deface ed to be kept

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and eve separate from the said bleachers and dyers of such Ruffs as aforesaid, ffo veved"°tfUr* ^rom r‘me to r*me ^cep muc^ of the feme goods as shall n ’ have been surveyed and taken an accoitnt of by the proper of

1784 I Anno vicesimo quarto GEOfton III. c. 40.' 603

tiers, separate and apart from all others of the fame kind /which shall have been surveyed and taken an account of by such officers, on' pain to forfeit, for every offence therein, the sum of five pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said tfogoods to bleachers or dyers shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be fraudulent-be hid and concealed, any such stuffs before or after the fame concealed, are bleached or dyed, with intent to deceive his Majesty, of of soh and* his just duties by this a*5t granted, then, and in every such case, also thtgoodt* the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, and all the stuffs which shall be found in any private workhouse, or other place whereof no notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be be seized by any officer of excise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the utensils and instruments for the bleaching or dying Utensils to be any such stuffs as aforesaid, in the custody of any such bleacher liable to ar-or dyer as aforesaid, or of any person or persons to the use of, or rorsofdu-in trull for them, or any of them, shall be liable to, and are here- ei# by made chargeable with all the debts and duties in arrear and owing by such bleacher or dyer for any such stuffs bleached or dyed by him or them, or in his or their workhouses or places aforesaid; and shall be also subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons so using such workhouse or’ other place, for any offence against this act relating to the duties on such stuffs as aforesaid so bleached or dyed; and it shall be lawful, in all such cases, to levy debts and penalties, and use such proceedings as may lawfully be done by this act, in relation to such goods, in case the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the same.

XXIV. And, for the better ascertaining, collecting, levying, raising, and fe curings the several duties by this aff imposed upon all stuffs made of cotton and linen mixed, or wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and for preventing frauds concerning the same be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties as Dutiwonart-are chargeable upon such stuffs bleached or dyed in ton stuffs, &c.

Indies, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management to be under of the commissioners and officers of excise in England for the the managetime being; and such of the said duties as are chargeable upon mfffioner^of" such fluff* bleached or dyed in Scotland shall be under the ma- excise. nagement of the commissioners and officers of excise in Scotland for the time being.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, commission-That the respective commissioners of excise shall, on or before ers to provide the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- frame marks, four, provide proper frame marks, to denote the measure of such to denote the stuffs as aforesaid, and proper seals or damps, to denote the ti de-charging the duties thereon, and shall cause the said respective note the du-frame marks, seals and (lamps, to be distributed to the respect tics.

live officers for the several purposes before mentioned $ which

- S f 4 officers

0+ ' Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4a

officers are hereby enjoined and required, in using the fame, to do no hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the stuffs to be To marked or stamped; and the said (lamps, or any of them, may be altered or renewed from time to time, as the said re (pelt ive commissioners shall from time to time, think fit: persons frau- anc* lf any person or persons whatsoever shall, at any time or tunes dulemlycoun- hereafter, counterfeit or forge any (lamp or seal to referable any terfeiting damp or seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this act,

it amps, to denote the charging the duties on the said Huffs, or shall

counterfeit or resemble the impression of the fame upon any of the stuffs chargeable by this act, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty hereby granted, then every person so offending, being thereof convicted indue forotofiaw, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death; as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and if any person or persons shall, at any time or times hereafter, fell any such duffs as aforesaid with a counterfeit damp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and fuccedors, all and every such offender and offenders, their aiders, abettors, and adidants, being duly convilled as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit, and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall be adjudged to (land in the pillory, in some publick place, for the space of two hours.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible person or persons, that he, she, or they have reason to fufjxd or believe that any such stuffs as aforesaid, for which a duty ought to have been paid or charged by this all, are or shall be in the custody or pqflession of any draper, or other person or persons trading or dealing the rein, or of any person or persons for the use or account of such draper, or other trader or dealer, for sale, without having thereupon such seals or (lamps as are by this all required to denote the payment, or charging the said duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for the respect tive commissioners of excise, or any two of them, within their respective limits, or ifor any two justices of the peace in any other parft of Great Britain, from time to time, to issue their respective warrants or orders, thereby authoring and requiring any officer or officers of excise, with the affidance of a condable or other officer of the peace, in the day time, to search for the fame, and to open doors, cheds, trunks, and packages, and to seize such stuffs, and to bring them to the excise office next to the place where they shall be so seized, In order to a further proceeding thereupon according to this all; and that every such warrant and order shall be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XXVII. And) for the better ascertaining the duties to be

such stuffs as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority Every piece of aforesaid, That every manr/allurer of the said duffs, or other marked^be- Person who shall put out or fend any of the said duffs to be fore bleached, bleached or dyed, shall mark every pieee, or remawU ofapi

to suffer death as felons.

Penalty on persons felling such stuffs with a counterfeit stamp thereon.

If any such stuffs are fuf» peeled to be in the custody of a draper, &c. undamped, the commissioners,&c. may issue their warrants to search for the ferae*

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 6c5

at both ends thereof, with a mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, and also the price or value; that is to say, whether the said (luff be of the price or value of three shillings or upwards, or under the value of three shillings by the yard in length without respect to the breadth thereof; and (hiall also deliver a note in writing with A note to he the said stuffs to the bleacher or dyer, expressing the number of delivered to pieces, their quality and value; that is to say, whether of the ^edbl*acb€r value of three shillings by the yard in length, or upwards, or prCf^,g te£ under that value as aforesaid, and the time when delivered to number of such bleacher or dyer; Which note the said bleacher or dyer pieces, &c. shall deliver to the officer who is to take an account of the said stuffs before the same shall be bleached or dyed, on pain that every piece of such (luff, not so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise 5 and that Penalty 00 the manufacturer or other person putting out or fending such omitting piece, not so marked as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the e*Jhcr °*the sum of twenty pounds 5 and that every bleacher or dyer who ^oned mud"-shall bleach or dye any such stuffs as aforesaid on his own ac- colara.* count, shall, before he begins to bleach or dye the fame, mark each piece, or remnant of a piece, at both ends thereof, with a mark, containing in words at length his or her name and place of abode, and also the quality and the price or value; that is to say, whether the said (luff be of the price or value of three shillings or upwards, or under the value of three shillings by the yard in length without respect to the breadth thereof, before he begins to bleach or dye the feme, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every neglect; apd also that the said duffs, not so marked as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise: and in case any such manu- Penalty on facturer or other peVfon, so putting out or fending such stuffs to falsely roark-be bleached or dyed as aforesaid, or any such bleacher or dyer, p,cce

shall mark any piece or remnant of such stuffs, being really of 0 0 8*

the value of three shillings or upwards by the yard in length without respect to the breadth thereof, as being under the value of three shillings by the yard in length, every such piece or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of cxciie, and tl)e owner thereof shall forfeit the lum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XXVIII. And whereas it may happen, in the Pleaching or dying thi said stuffs* that the frame marks set thereupon by the officer of ixcise, to denote the measure thereof may unavoidably become obliterated or defaced; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That When frame when the said frame marks shall become obliterated or defaced, J^e obfner-the bleacher or dyer, who shall bleach or dye the said stuffs, ztt^9 thryare shall give notice thereof to the officer of excise under whose fur- to be renewed, vey he is, and require the said officer to renew the said frame

mark, who shall renew the fame accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- which the said. That it shall be lawful for any person or persons who duty ha» been shall have a&uglly paid his Majesty's duties by this act payable paid, may be

for sported.

6o6

Stuffs reland* cd, arter shipping thereof lor exportation* to be forfeited*

Exporters of goods for which the duties have been paid* entitled to a drawback.

Directions relative to extorting Ituffs.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. [1784.

for arty such stuffs as aforesaid, bleached or dyed in tabiy and for any other person or persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intitled to any such ftuflfe as aforesaid, from the person or persons who actually paid his Majesty's duties payable by this a ctfor the fame, to export any such stuffs, for which the duty was so paid, for any foreign parts, by way of merchaadzt, giving sufficient security before the shipping thereof that the particular quantities so intended ro be exported, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and not be relanded or brought again into any port of Great Britain; which security the customer or collector of the port of exportation shall take in his Majesty's name, and to his use: provided always, That if, after the shipping of any such stuffs, and the giving or tendering such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein after mentioned, the fame, or any part thereof shall be relanded in any part of Great Britm} that then, and in every such case, (over and above the penalty of the the bond which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's use,) all the said iiuffs which shall be so landed, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XXX. And it is also hereby enacted, That any person ot

persons, who shall export any such stuffs as aforesaid, to or for any foreign parts, shall and may make proof, upon oath, (or, being Quakers, by affirmation,)' that the duties thereon bate been paid or secured according to this act, (which oath or affirmation the customer or collector of the port of exportations hereby required and impowered to administer;) and thereupon the said customer or colleger of the said port of ev?'r‘ tarion shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, exptf* sing the true kinds and quantities of the said stuffs, bieacbci* dyed, so exported; and the exportation thereof being certifid by the searcher upon the said debenture, the coiledor appoint^ to receive the said duties upon such stuffs as aforesaid, in the county or place where such exportation was made, upon pss ducing the said debenture so certified to him, shall forthvM pay the duties which shall have been received upon this act fa the stuffs so exported, to the persons so exporting the fatne,* their agents; and if such collector shall not have money in jjs hands to pay any such debenture, then the respective commissi* oner-s of excise are hereby required to pay, or cause to be pai«» the said debenture out of any duties arising by this act; or, jj the duty of the duffs so exported were only secured, and rtwH remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon thelc' curity for the same.

XXXI. Andy for the better preventing the reloading any ft*

stuffs as shall be exported, to receive a drawback of the duties -upofty be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of one thousand fcj*0

hundred and eighry-four, all and every person and persons th*1 shall export any such stuffs as aforesaid, for which a drawbars is to be allowed* before he or they shall ship the said ftuns,jn

x 784*1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. 607

order to obtain the drawback for the fame, shall be obliged to give notice to the proper officer or officers to be appointed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of the customs* when and where he will pack up the said stuffs, in order to be exportedj and the said commissioners of the customs are hereby impowered and dke&ed to cause such officer to take care to fee that such leal or seals, {lamp or damps, denoting that the said duties upon such duffs are.paid or charged, be taken off from every piece so intended to be exported} and the said officer or officers shall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the duffs so intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer that shall be appointed by such commissioners to receive the same, without any fee or reward for so doing: provided always, That the said officer or officers shall not permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, and shall not take off such seal or seals, damp or damps, denoting that the said duties have been paid or charged, from any piece of such duffs as aforesaid, not having the frame mark, denoting the measure thereof, didincl and plain thereupon, and not obliterated nor defaced.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Stuffs charged

stuffs as shall have been charged with the respective duty afore- on bleaching* said on the bleaching thereof, and shall afterwards be dyed of "har^d on* one colour throughout, shall not be charged again with the said being dyed of duties upon being so dyed as aforesaid. one colour.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and From paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, Jitiona"c?uty for and upoa all stuffs made of or mixed with cotton not of id. iq. per printed, painted, stained, or dyed in foreign parts, (except yard square, -such stuffs as are prohibited to be used or worn in Great Paid

tain,) which, from and after the said first day of, one [ioVot^Sufft

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be imported or made of or brought into this kingdom, over and above all customs fubfi- mixed with dies, and duties already imposed thereon, the sum of one penny cotton not halfpenny for every yard square; and the said duty shall be also subject and liable to an additional impofl or duty of five reign parts. pounds per centum and five pounds per centum thereon, which Duty liable to were imposed by two several acts made in the nineteenth and the import of twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, for granting to his 5 percent. Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under "JJT, Jn" the management of the respective commisftoners of the customs and ex' Geo. 3. c. 15 j cife in Great Britain and at Geo. 3.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority c» aforesaid, That the said duties herein-before granted upon the Importation importation of such duffs, made of or mixed with cotton, shall under the ma~ be under the management and direction of the commissioners nagement of of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, the commifli-and shall be paid down in.ready money, without any discount °"er8 of

or deduction whatsoever, and, shall be drawn back upon the tom*' exportation of the fame goods 3 and the said duty and drawback Duty and shall drawback to

6o8

be levied and recovered in the same manner as the former duties and drawbacks*

Duties to be

paid into the exchequer.

Application

thereof.

The powers

and penalties in act is Car. a. c. 24, fire, relative to excise duties, fall be applied in executing this act.

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and apphtd.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40.

[1784.*

shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same manner and form, and under such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for fifth goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where any alteration is made by this act,) as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several chafes, powers, airec-tions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any act or acts of parliament relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

laid, That all the monies arising by the duties by this act granted (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, Separate and apart from all

other duties; and shall be a fund for the payment of the several j annuities and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain fm

money by way of annuities, and for a lottery.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures,’ clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and, and tenures in capite, and by knights servicey and purveyance, and for settling a revenut upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenuf of excise, or inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, coliefling, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjuging or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detefling, and punishing frauds relating thereto (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act,) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, ad* judging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying, the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers,.authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, respecting tfio inland duties imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in of any h[s

Majwy

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41. 6cy

Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively $ and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons, for any thing by him or them atfions. done in pursuance of this act, such atftion or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter 'or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in such ad ion or suit may plead the general issue, General issue. and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her* or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, Treble costs* against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLT.

An act for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers in, txcifcable commodities therein menti-

oned

1

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several rates and duties upon licences herein after mentioned; and do hereby most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of, one From Sept.io,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be paid to his i7*» the fol- Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several and respective du- l°"ing duties ties herein after mentioned, for and upon the several and re- bepaidtoShis spective licences to be taken out in manner herein after menti- Majesty-vide-oned, by all makers and manufacturers, within Great Britain^ licet, ’ of the several and respective commodities herein after mention-'ed i that is to say.

On or before the said tenth day of, one thousand For small beer

seven hundred ant] eighty-four, every common brewer of small brewers, il. or table beer, not being a common brewer of strong beer, shall

take

<6i#

Strong beer brewers* who brew yearly not more than 1,000 barrels, si. <os.

Ditto,between i,oooo and s,oooo barrels, *1.

Ditto,between % ,oooo and 5,000 barrels, 5a*

Ditto,between 5,000 and 7,500, 7L 10S.

Strong beer brewers, who brew yearly between 7*500 and 10,000 barrels, 10l.

Ditto,between 10,000 and *0,000 barrels, sol.

Ditto,between *0,000 and 30,000 barrels, 30U

Ditto,between

30.000 and

40.000 barrels, 40l.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41.

[1784. take out a licence, and pay for the fame the Aim of one pound1

Every common brewer who shall brew (hong beer, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of one pouod, tea shillings, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall not exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity one thousiod barrels:

Every common brewet; who shall brew (hong beer, shall tike out a licence, and pajr for the fame the sum of two pounds, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of one thousand bands, and be under two thousand barrels

Every common brewer who shall brew (hone beer, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of five pounds, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of two thousand barrels, and be under five thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew (hong beer, shall tab out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of seven pounds, ten shillings, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of five thousand barrels,.and be under seven thousand five hundred barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall ub out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of ten pounds, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within tb year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of seven thousand fi« hundred barrels, and be under ten thousand common barrels: Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall tab out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of twenty pounds, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to hi* taking out the licence, the quantity of ten thousand barrels, a^ be under twenty thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of thirty pounds, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, witbm the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of twenty thousand barrels, and be under thirty thousand barrels:

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of forty pounds, it the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of thirty thousand barrels, and be under forty thousand barrels:

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii ‘III. c. 41.

Every common brewer who shall brew strong beer, shall take but a licence, and pay for the fame the (Vim of fifty pounds, if the quantity of beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his talcing out the licence, the quantity of forty thousand barrels: Every distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, for sale or for exportation, and every rectifier of spirits, shall take out a licence which licence shall be charged with a yearly sum equal to the amount of one halfpenny per gallon of the contents of every (till or

(tills of each description, which shall have been in the possession of every such distilJer or rectifier within the year, ending the fifth day of July in each year, previous to his taking out the licence:

Every brandy dealer, or person felling brandy or other spirituous liquors1, not being a retailer, and not being a redtifier, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of five pounds:

Every maker of mead for sale shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of one pound

Every maker of any kind of sweets, other than mead, for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of five pounds:

Every maker of vinegar for sale shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of ten pounds:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of five shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall not exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous, to his taking out the licence, the Quantity of fifty quarters: Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of ten shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of fifty quarters, and be under one hundred quarters:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of fifteen shillings, If the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the yea*, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of one hundred quarters, and be under one hundred and fifty quarters:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of one pound, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previ-3us to his taking out the licence, the quantity of one hundred and fifty quarters, and be under two hundred quarters:

Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of one pound, five [hillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each

year*

6ix

Ditto, exceeding 40,000 barrels, jol.

Every distiller of low wines or spirits, and every rectifier, (halt take out a licence, and pay* &c.

Brandy dealers. not being retailers or rectifiers. to pay $l Makers of mead, lof lale, 1.

Makers of, other sweeti* 5l.

Makers of vinegar, 10l.

Mai tiers, who make not more thur 50 quarters annually, 5s*

Those who make more than 50, and leis than 100 quarters, 10 s.

Between 100 and 150 quarters, 15 s.

Maltster*,who make between 150 and 100 quarters, il;

Ditto,between 200 and 250 quarters, il. S«-

6\2 Anno vicesimo quarto GeorOU HI. c. 41. [1784.

year, previous to his taking out the lice’nce, the quantity of two hundred quarters, and be under two hundred and fifty quarters:

pitto,between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out a

*50 and }qo licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of one pound, tea quarters, x 1. shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, 101,1 within the year, ending the twenty-third day of in each

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of two hundred and fifty quarters, and be under three hundred quarters:

Pitto,between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out2

300 and 350 licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of one pound, Hi* quarters, il. teen shillings, it the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, ,il*s within the year, ending the twenty-third day of in each

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of three hundred quarters, and be under three hundred and fifty quarters:

Ditto)between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out 1 350 and 400 licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of two pounds, if quarters, si.: the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of in each year, previous to, his taking but the licence, the quantity of three hundred ani

fifty quarters, and be under four hundred quarters:

Maltster*,who Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out 1

make between licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of two pouods, 400 and 450 five shillings, it the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, quarters, al. w*lthin the year, ending the twenty-third day of ined 5 '* year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity

four hundred quarters, and be under four hundred aodfi^ quarters:

Pitto,between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out 1

450 and 500 licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of two pounds quarters, al. jcn shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed) I08,: within the year, ending the twenty-third day of in exi

year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity# four hundred and fifty quarters, and be under five htlndre-quarters:

Pitto,between Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall take out t 500 and 550 licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of two pounds, quarters, fifteen shillings, if the quantity of malt made by him Aialla*

15s.: ceed, within the year, ending the twenty-third day of each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quanta of five hundred quarters, and be under five hundred andfify quarters:

Pitto,exceed- Every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall takeout* ing 550 quar- licence, and pay for the fame the yearly sum of three pounds ters, si. 1 if the quantity of malt made by him shall exceed, within tk year, ending the twenty-third day of June in each year, previous to his taking out the licence, the quantity of five hundred and fifty quarters:

Jivery ^handler or maker of candles, other than wax candle.

Anno vicesimo quarto GeorgiiTII. c. 41. 6t$

for sale/: shall take out a licence* and pay for the fame the’ font Candle-mak* of one pound; ‘

' Every soap-maker shall take out a licence, and pay for the 1 Is ,: fame the Turn of two pounds: $?"*

Every paper*stainer, and every maker of paper, shall take out Paper-stain-a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of two pounds: er*, See. »i.j

Every callico printer, and every printer, painter, or stainer of Caliico Print* silks, linens, cottons* or stuffs, shall take out a licence* and ew»&c. 10L* pay for the fame the sum of ten pounds:

Every, starch-maker shall take out a licence and pay for the 6tarch-mak* fame the Atm of five pounds: ' ers» 5

; Every wire-drawer, or other person who shall draw or cause Wire draw* to be drawn any gilt or silver wire, commonly called *.trt»

shall take out a licence* and pay for the fame the sum of two pounds:

Every tanner within the bills of mortality, or the borough Tanners, jl. of Southwark, shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of five pounds; and every other tanner the sum of two or *1. i*s.« pounds, ten shillings:

Every tawer shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame Tawers, sks the sum of one pound:

Every dresser of hides and skins in oil shall take out a licence* prefferi of and pay for the fame the sum of two pounds s hides in

Every currier shall take out a licence, and pay for the fame

the sum of two pounds: Corner., »U

Every maker of vellum or parchment shall take out a licence, VeUtim-mak*' and pay for the fame the sum of one pound: «"»

Every glass-maker shall take out a licence, for each and every Every glass-glass-house by him used, and pay fdr the fame the sum of ten house, iol.t pounds:

IL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person or Strong beer persons who shall, at anytime after the fifth day or July, one brewers to pay thousand seven hundred and eighty-four* first become a com- *Q,^nce* moo brewer of strong beer for sale, shall, before he or she shall brew any strong beer for sale, take out a licence, and pay for the fame the sum of one pound, ten shillings; and at the end and an add!* of any and every year after the said fifth day of July, one thou- l,onal {Jut7 fend seven hundred and eighty«four, shall pay mch further ad- 5prding5to*li ditional duty for such licence herein-before charged, according quantity to the number of barrels of strong beer so brewed by him or her brewed, within the preceding year, as herein-before is directed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person Brewers who who, before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred withdraw and eighty-four, was a common brewer of strong beer, shall andmakVfreib withdraw his or her entry at the office of excise where he or she ones> to has made entry, and afterwards make a fresh entry at the fame the whola or any other office of excise, he or die shall not be deemed a duty.

-person becoming a common brewer of strong beer since the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-fous,

Vo*.. XXXIV. T t u but

6 if Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41% [1784.

but - shall pay the whole duty imposed by this act upon hit or her licence at the time of taking out the tame.

Mattfters to

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any period or pay 5 s. for a persons who shall, at any time after the twenty-third day of licence) Junt9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, first be* come a maltster, or maker of malt for sale, shall,' before he or she shall make any malt for sale^ take out a licence, and pay and an addi- for the fame the foot of five shillings; and at the end of any tional.duty and every year, after the said twenty-third day of ooe

aSn?all5ito the t^ou^tn(^ kvcn hundred and eighty-four, shall pay such further quantity additional duty for such licence herein-before charged, accord-made. ing to the quantity of malt so made by him within the preceding

year, as herein-before is directed.

Maltster* who V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any perfoB» withdraw who, before the twenty-third day of 7*, one thousand few* their entries, hundred and eighty-four, was a maltster, or maker of malt for frdh on!* to ^all w^hdraw his or her entry at the office of excisewhfli pay the wSiole be or (he has made entry, and afterwards make a frefti entry* duty. the fame or any other office of excise, he or she shall dot h

deemed a person becoming a maltster, or maker of malt fe sale, lince the twenty-third day of June, one thousand (bo hundred and eighty-four, but shall pay the whole duty ioipofet by this act upon his or her licence at the time of taking out tU feme.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeW From Sept. 10, That, from and after the Aid tenth day of September, one thou* 17*4# no per- fond seven hundred and eighty-four, no person or persons wte* mv of the* now doth, or at any-time hereafter shall make*

aforesaid manufacture any of the commodities herein-before mentioned, commodities, shall presume by him, her, or themselves, or by any other p* without a li- fan or persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, fe

*£* his, her, or their benefit, either publickly or privately, to flak

or manufo&ureony of the commodities herein-before meow* ed for sale, without first taking out a licence for that -pufpto ki manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they fed make or manufofUire any of the aforesaid commodities* j* which licence he, she, or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down for the fame the sum or turns of aux*? nor to deal in respectively herein-before mentioned j and that, from and afej brandy, with the said tenth day of Septem, one thousand seven hundred *w out a 5l. li- eighty-four, no person or persons who my doth, or at any cence. hereafter shall deal in brandy, not beingu retailer, nor arefr

v fier, nor a distiller, ftudl prelume, by him, her, or therofelws

or by any other person or persons whatsoever employed by-bto her, or them, for his*, her, or their benefit, either publickly

privately, to deal in brandy, without first taking out a Ike*6 for that purpose, in manner herein after mentioned, before to (he, or tnegr shall so deal in brandy, for which licence, be, (to or they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay for the fame the said sum of five pounds; and that if any fen u; licences

Anno vicesimo quarto GfloRGll lit. <2.4l.'

Wfences (halt be taken out within the limits of the chief office who are to of excise in London^ then such licence shall be granted under the grant licence* hands and seals of two or more of his Majesty's commissioners of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise shall from time to time appoint for that ptirpose, and the said several and respective duties shall be paid &t the chiefoffice of excite in London; of if such licences shall be taken oat in any part of England or not within thtr

said limits, or in the town of Berwick upon Tweed, that such licences shal), in such case, be granted under the hands and seals of the several Collectors and supervisors of excise within their respective collections and districts, and the said fevCral and respective duties shall be paid for the fatne to the collector of excise within whose collection such licences shall be so granted; and that in case such licences shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, such licences shall be granted under ^the hands and seals of two or more of his Majesty's commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, or or such person or persons as the commissioners of excite in Scotland shall from tittte to time appoint for that purpose, and the several and respective duties for the time shall be paid at the chief office of excite in Edinburgh; or if such licences shall be taken out id any other part of Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise within their respective collections and districts, and the several and respective duties for the same shall be paid to the collector of excise within whose collection such licences shall he so granted; and such respective Commissioners of excise, and the persons so to be appointed by "them respectively, and also all such collectors, are hereby respectively authorized and required to grant and deliver such licences to the persons who shall apply for the fame, upon their payment of the said several and respective duties herein-before mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who shall take out any Licence! tobe

such licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out renewed-an*

a fresh licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve nual

calendar months after taking out the first licence, before he,

fbe, or they shall presume to make or manufacture any of the

commodities herein-before mentioned for saie, and in the fame

manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying

down the like sum for each and every new or renewed licence,

as Is by this act required for the first licence, in manner and at

the places and times herein-before mentioned: and that if any Persons raak-

person or persons shall, after the said tenth day of

one tholifand seven hundred and eighty-four, presume or offer moditiea,

to make of manufacture any of the commodities herein-before without tak-

mentioned for sale, without first taking out such licence, and out *"

renewing the fame yearly in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they

T t 2 shall fame aunu-

.6i6 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41. [i7?4

ally, ate liable shall respectively forfeit and lose the several and respectivepeflri-to tot follow- tjcs herein after mentioned for each offence; that is to say, log penalties:

Corn distil- Every com di(filler so offending, shall forfeit the sum of two lers, sool.: hundred pounds:

Strong beer Every common brewer of strong beer or ale, every vinegar brewers, &c. maker, every callico printer, or printer, painter, or stainer of so l.i silks, linens, cottons, or stuffs, and every glass maker, so of*

fending, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds:

MeUfle* dif- Every melasses distiller, every rectifier of spirits, every brandy tillers, recti- dealer, or feller of brandy or other spirituous liquors, not being fiers, &c. jol.: a retailer, every maker of sweets other than mead, every starch* maker, and every tanner, so offending, shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds:

Soap-maker*, Every soap-maker, every paper-stainer, and paper-maker,

Paper-itain- every wire* drawer, or maker of gilt or silver wire, called ers, &c. sol* Wire, every dresser of hides or skins in oil, and every curricfj so offending, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds:

Small beer Every common brewer of table beer or of small beer, every

bowers, maltster or maker of malt, every maker of mead, every chandler

ajl?er*&c* or maker of candles (other than wax candles), every tawer of 10 * hides and skins, and every maker of vellum and parchment, so

offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

Persons in partnership need take out onty one licence for one house.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of excise.

e powers penalties: rCar., , &c.

' V - (0

VIII. Provided always, That persons in partnership, carrying on their trade and business in one house or (hop onty shall not be obliged to take out more than one licence in any one year for carrying on such trade; and that no one licence which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorize a impower any person or persons, to whom the fame shall k granted, to make or manufacture any of the commodities herein-before mentioned in any other house or place than the house or places wherein he, she, or they duf make or manufadns the said respective commodities at the time of granting few licence.

IX. And, for the better collecting, raifuig, and the duties by this act imposed upon licences as be it furthtf

enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said dunes as are charged upon such licences in, Wales, or tte

town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management« the commissioners and officers of his Majesty's revenue of excw in England for the time being; and such of the said duties *s & charged upon such licences in Scotland, shall be under the nw* nagement of the commissioners and officers of excise in Sw* for the time being.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeup That all and every the powers, authorities, directions* methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and thing5* which in and by an act, made in the twelfth vear of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taiini WW

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGII III. C.

court of wards and liveries* and tenures in capite, and Sxc.!r5fotie!.*

service* and purveyance* and for settling a revenue upon his

in lieu thereof* or by any other Jaw now in force relating to his ing this act/ Majesty's revenues of excise Or inland duties, under the management of the commissioners of extife, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying^ mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for £refehting, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, tiled, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying, the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every ithe said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penal-\ ties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Penalties and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, re-

means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or covered and mat be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law applied, or laws of excise, or by action of debt, plaint; or information, in any of his MajestyY courts of record at or in

the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the money arising by the duties by this act imposed Duties to He upon licences as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of railing and exchequer, accounting for the fame excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at

separate and apart from all other duties; and the said money. Application fb paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fond for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenceS as are directed to be paid and payable purfdant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of -

ties* and for establishing a lottery.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against Limitation of any person or persons, for any thing by him or them done in a&i°n»* pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county 5 and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and giye General UTue; this act, and the special miitter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become

T 13 nonsuited,

A

6jg Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. ^.4^.

[1784.

nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or profeou-tion, or judgement shall be given against him, her, pr them, upon demurrer, or Otherwise, then ftjcn defendant or defendants Treble ecfftt. shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, again# such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. XLII.

jfn all to explain,amend, and render more an act made

the thirtieth year of the reim of late George th

Second, intituled An act tpr the more effectual punishment 0 ' persons vyho shall attain, or attempt to attain possessioned goods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlavyful pawning of goods; for the easy redemption fof goods pawned; and for preventing gaining in publick houses, by journeymen, labourers, servants, and apprentices, so far as the Jarhe relates to the preventing the unlawful paurm^ of goods; and for the eafyredemption pawned,

[Preamble.]

’tT THERE AS, by an act passed in the thirtieth year if & reign of hie late majesty King George the Act jo Geo. t. An act for the more effectual punishment of persons who Aufi c* H’ reciipd. attain, or attempt to attain, poflfeflion of goods or moftey, bj false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; for the easy redemption of goods pawned $ and for preventing gaming in publicR houses, by journeymen, labourers! servants, and apprentices, certain rules are prescriktl

and established for regulating the manner in which goods and frtay be taken m pledge or for the repayment of money be

star eon, not exceeding in the whole the principal of ten and dir citing the mode of redeeming such goods and # on

ment of principal and interest of the momy borrowed thereon, wife h further sum, for charges of warehouse as the parties jb&

have agreed on at the time of making such pledge or pawn: as white as fever altenders of money, for principal and interest of mey lent, and warehouse room of goods pledged, lately made far the n demption gf goods pledged, to, the amount of which

terejland charges for warehouse room, Jo tendered* keen mi

below the amount of the usual and customary interest and charges ft warehouse room taken by pain said and at $ rfi

much below the necessary expences thereof, have lately keen to be fufificient, and yerdifli have been obtained by persons main

such tenders as aforesaid, against tf>e \ and if the

business should be carried on agreeably to such verdicts, the profits ing therefrom would be so much reduced atto be tp efd

dn adequate maintenance for the pawnbroker's and pcited'aft is & other rfpells (so far as the same relates tq tty.peeving goods, and redemptionpawned) inefficient to iu

{pod purposes thereby intended; may if therefore please your Ms-efly that it may be enacted; and be fa foafted by the Jnoft excellent majesty, by and with $e advice and gaaleut d

(be

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. 9

the lords spirituar and temporal, and commons, irr this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Rates of profit it shall be lawful from, and after the second day of one allowed to be

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, for all persons using *the or exercising the trade or business or a pawnbroker, to demand, 6uture* receive, and take, of and from all and every person and persons, applying or offering to redeem any goods or chattels pawned or pledged with such pawnbroker, a profit after the following rates, over and above the principal sum and sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respcltive pledge or pledges, before any such pawnbroker shall be obliged to rede* liver the fame; videlicet*

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum not exceeding two shillings and sixpence, the sum of one halfpenny for any time during which the said pledge shall re* main in pawn, not exceeding one calendar month, and the fame for every calendar month afterwards, including the current toonth in which such pledge shall be redeemed, although such month shall not be expired;

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent a sum above the sum of two shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding five shillings, one penny:

And if above five shillings, and not exceeding seven shillings and sixpence, one penny halfpenny:

And if above seven shillings and sixpence, and not exceeding ten shillings, two-pence:

And if above ten shillings, and not exceeding twelve shillings and sixpence, two-pence halfpenny:

And if above twelve shillings and sixpence, and jiot exceeding fifteen shillings, three-pence:

And if above fifteen shillings, and not exceeding seventeep shillings and sixpence, three-pence halfpenny:

And if above seventeen shillings and sixpence, and not e&» ceeding one pound, the Aim of four-pence:

And so on progressively, and in proportion, for any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be paid for by the calendar month in manner above mentioned; which several sums shall be in lieu of, and taken as a full satisfaction for all interest due, and charges for warehouse room.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any difference or Disputes re* dispute shall arise between any person or persons pledging or re* laringtofinaB deeming, or offering to redeem, any goods or chattels, and the pawnbroker with whom the fame mall have been pledged, re- y specting the redelivery thereof, or the money to be paid to such1 pawnbroker, every such difference or dispute, in case the original sum lent was under forty shillings, shall be settled and ae-(qrmined by fopi? justice of the peace ailing for the respective county, riding, divssion, city, town, liberty, or place, who if hereby authorized and required, upon application being ihade

T 14 to

6io

Persons pledge ing to take a duplicate.

Provision of former act respecting explicates tmeuded.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgi* IIL 0.4a.

[1784.

to him for that purpose, by examination on oath of the parties themselves, and such other credible perfori or persons as shall appear before him, touching the premises, to hear and determine the fame, which determination shall be final and binding unto and upon all persons; and that no such difference or dispute shall be tried, heard, or determined, in any of the superior courts of la\V, or in any other manner than before a justice of the peace as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any perfoit or persons shall pledge with any pawnbroker any goods or chattels, whereupon a sum of two shillings or upwards is lent, such pawnbroker shall and is hereby required to give a duplicate or copy of the entry made in his or her book respecting the goods and chattels so pawned, which duplicate the person receiving the money lent is hereby required to receive and take; and every such duplicate, where the sum lent shall not exceed five shillings, shall be given gratis; and where the money lent shall be more than five shillings, and not exceeding ten shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one halfpenny for the fame; and where the sum lent shall be more than ten shillings, and not exceeding twenty shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the fame; and where the money lent shall be more than twenty shillings, and not exceeding five pounds, the sum of two-pence for the fame; and where the money lent shall be more than five pounds, the sum of four-pence, and no more, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and :which duplicate shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he shall be obliged to redeliver the respective goods or chattels, except linen or apparel entrusted to any person or persons, for the purpose of washing, scouring, ironing, mending, or making up 'the fame; and also except goods or chattels which shall have been feloniously taken and carried away, unlawfully pawned or pledged; and except as herein after is excepted.

IV. And whereas many inconveniences have to persons carrying on the baftness of a pawnbroker, from several different persons

(I'aiminga property in the fame goods and, where duplicates

or copies of the eyries made in the pawnbroker's, at the time cf taking such goods and chattels in pawn^ have, as the

fattier aft dir efts: for remedy whereof in future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said second day of August^in all cases where such duplicatefor copy hath been given, the person or persons who shall, at any time after, produce such duplicate or copy to the person or persons with whom the goods therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the owner thereof, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein, to him, her, or them. such person or persons shall be, and hereby is and are deemed and taken to be, so far as respects the person or persons having such goods and chattels in pledge, the real owner and owners, proprietor and proprietors, of the said goods and chattels; and the person or persons fp using the said trade and business of a

pawn*

J784OAnno vicesimo quarto. Georgh III. C. 42. 611

pawnbroker shall be, and isherehy directed and required, after receiving \ati$fa<ftion pursuant to the provisions of this act, respecting principal and profit,' $6 deliver such goods and chatteJs to the person 6tpersons whoi (hair so. produce the said duplicate or copy to him! her, or them, and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for so doing,' utiless he, she, or they, shall .... have had previous.notice, from the real ovvner or owners there- - u of, not to deliver the same to the person or persons producing such duplicate, of unless notice Hiall have been given to him, her, or therrf, that the goods and chattels pawned have been^ or are suspected to have been, fraudulently or feloniously taken -OT obtained, ’ ind unless the real owner or owners thereof proceed in nfaumer herein after provided and directed, for the redeeming of goods and chattels pledged, where such duplicate or copy Hath Been loft, tniflaid, destroyed, or fraudulently Obtained from the owner or owners thereof.

V. And be ft'further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

"That irt fcaffe' any pawnbroker shall have had such previous no- Provision, in iice as aforesaid, dt in case any such duplicate or copy as afore- case of dooli-(aid shall be ldft; 1 mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained g£chei»gloft, from the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels acc* mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then, and in every such case, the owner or owners 6f such duplicate, and of the goods and chattels mentioned therein, as the case may happen, shall prove his, her, or their property in such goods a^d chattels, to the fktisfaction of some justice of the peace for the county; riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, and shall aMo make an affidavit of the particular circumstance attending the case, before such justice of the peace, whereuppn the pawnbroker shall suffer the person or persons proving such property to the satisfaction of such justice as aforesaid, and making such affidavit as aforesaid, to redeem such goods or chattels; and such proof and affidavit shall be, and is hereby declared to be,

a full and sufficient indemnity to the pawnbroker, so delivering the said goods or chattels; against all ?nd every person or per- ' fons whomsoever.

VI. And whereas It would be beneficial that; all goods should be

deemed as forfeited, and liable to be sold, in the time limited

and prescribed by the said receited act: be it therefore further enabl-

ed by the authority aforesaid, That all goods and chattels which. For 6k of after the second day of August, one thousand seven hundred and Mug* P*w<lr eighty-four, shall be pawned or pledged, on which any sum ex- cd* ceeding ten shillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have been lent, shall and may be sold by publick auction, but not otherwise, by the person ^having the lame in pawn, at and after the expiration of one whole year from the time of pawning the fame; and that all persons redeeming any goods, or chattels,

Ytrhich were pawned or pledged before the said second day of

August, shall be permitted so to d6 upon the terms of, and according to the fable of rates by this act established.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- .

r: ~ — * ..... rity r -

624 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42.

[178,

Account of rity aforesaid, That every person or persons to whom any goo< Ale* of good* or chattels'shall have been pawned or pledged, shall from tin in bookstand to ehter in a book or books to be kept for that purpofi overplus paid a true and Just account of the sale of all goods and chattels pawr to person* en- ed to him, her, or them, for ten shillings, or upwards, whic titled to the shall be sold as aforesaid, expressing the day when, and tfac me

*00d,# ney for which, such goods or effects pawned were fold, togethe

with the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by whot the fame Were fold; and in case any such goods or effects (ha be sold for more than the principal money and profit aforesaid due thereon at the time of such sale, the overplus shall, by ever such pawnbroker, be paid on demand to the person by or a whose account such goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, a their executors, administrators, or assigns, m case such demaoi Tfcall be made within three years after such sale, the neceflari costs and charges of such fcl$ being first deduced; and fuel person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chat-f:'/’tels, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, ’ ’stall, for.his, her, or their satisfadUon in this matter, be per-. in inspect the entry to be made as aforesaid of every such sale, payiftg'for such inspection the sum of one penny, and m inpre:r ana.in*case any person or persons shall refuse to perch liny such person or persons, who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, to.inspeift such entry as aforesaid, in any such hoot or books, such person or persons, if an executor or executors, hdministrator or administrators,.or assignee or assignees, at fud time producing his, her, or their letters testamemary, letters tf administration, or assignment,; or in case the goods or effed* were fold for more than the sum entered in any such book or books; or if any such person or persons shall not make fed ‘entry; or shall h6t have, according to the directi£S

'of this adi, fold the fame; or shall refuse to pay such overphft 'upon demand, to the pawner or pawners, his, her, or tbd ^executors, administrators, or assigns, he, she, or they produc* *ing such their letters testamentary, letters of administration, tf assignment; every such person or persons so offending, shall, so every stich offence, forfeit treble tpe sum such goods and chattels shall priginally have been pawned for, to the person or per* Tons by whom, or on whose account, such goods or chattel were pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assignsi to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders good* and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any Ms justice$ of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, tows, libeftyi of place where the offence shall be comfnittedf andna such offence shall be tried, heard, or determined, in any of the fustice* mav ' fuP^r,0*‘ &>urts of law, or in any other manner than before mo summon 7 'Justices oflthe peace as aforesaid: and to the end that justipe nay pawnbroker* pe mQ're effectually pbl^mpd' in all matters cofloeroing gpods before them, 'and chattels received in pawn by pawnbrokers^. where suffices to attend with of thepe^ce are authorised to take cognizance thereof by virtue cate*$,^cc!P this'Pt any other act of parliament, it (fiaU su\d may be Iaw- * ful

1784.I Anno vicesimo quart? Qrqjmju UI, c. 4a. ful for any justice of the peace, upon complaint made to Mai on the oath of one or more credible witness or whneifes. reflecting any dispute between pawnbroker* and persons having pawned goods, or respecting any felony, or other matter, which in the judgement of such justice shall make ^be prodedkm of any book, duplicate, voucher, or other paper lieecffery* which shall or ought to be in the hands, custody, or power, of any pawnbroker, to summon such pawnbroker before him, to at-# tend with any book, duplicate, voucher, or paper, which ho may have in his custody or power relating to the feme, which he is hereby required to produce before fych justice in the (late the feme was made at the time the pawn or pledge was received, without any alteration, erafement, er obliteration whatever; and in case such pawnbroker shall neglect or refute Pawnbroker to attend, or to produce the fame, in its true and perfc# hate, neglecting to such pawnbroker shall forfeit the Aim of ten pound* for the use attend, &c. of the poor of the parish where fgch pownbrokcr shall reside, toforfeit ,0‘» to be levied by distress and (alp.of the offender’s, goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice (b summoning the party as aforesaid.

VIII. Jndr for the bettor manifesting bywbomihe trade and ba+

Jiness of a pawnbroker shall hereafter he earned ffe. be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fawnbmkfr*, second day of Juguflf all and every person or persons who OxaH to write iheir follow or carry on the trade or bunness of a pawnbroker, shall "r*‘ cause to be painted or written, in large legible:chara&eife, Over [heir doors or the door of each (hop or other place by him, her, or them re* (hops, fspectively made use of for carrying on that befimefc; die chris* tian and surname or names of the person or persons (o carrying on the said trade or business, and the word Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the oafe may, be, following the Dime, upon pain of forfeiting the (um of t?n poqncjs for every (hop or place which shall be so made use of for the (pace of one week, without having such name or names, and the said words, so paint-, ed or written as aforesaid* to be recovered by distress and tele of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the funds and Zeals of any two juices of the peace acting within the respective county, riding, division, city, Sown, liberty, or place (which warrant such justices are hereby authorised and required to grant,) upon the confession of the patty or parties, or upon the information of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath; and the said penalty,.when the charges of recovering the fapne shall be deduced*, shall he paid, ooe half to the i nformer, and the other half ute of the poor of the pa-;ri(h in which the offence shall be committedand in case foffi

1 ;ient distrefe (hah not fee founds erfoeh penalty shall, nor be \ '

brfbwhU pa»d, it (hah be law&ljqr such justicea, and they am hereby required, by warrant ivtfft their hands and seals, to caute the offender or offenders to, bcSPOrnttUed to the eounry goal or house of cprrt$ion, there -to femain, without bail or main* prise, for spy time not ptc$$dieg three calendar months, nor ' less

.624

Not to extend to persont who take only five per cent* in-ttreft.

Pawnbrokers to hang up tables of rates iiTtheirfliops.

Limitation of time for commencing actions against pawnbroker*.

*. J

No fee to be taken by justices for bull' ness done in execution of this act.

General issue

[Double costs.]

Pubttck ad.

Continuance* of this act.

i

Axmo vlccfirno quarto Georgii III. c. 42.

[1784.-

Ids thaitfourteen days, hriless the said penalty, and all reasona- ' bie charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or persons whatsoever, who shall lend money to any person or persons whomsoever, upon pawn1 or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centtim ptr annUminterest, without taking any fur-

ther or greater profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any pretence whatever

, X. An&sp* the better manifefiing the different of, including interifi and warehouse room, which the pawnbroker shall be authorized to receive, be it further enacted, That from and after the second dfy of Augusti one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all and every person who shall follow and carry on the trade or.business of a pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible characters, the aforesaid rate of pro- ' fit allowed by this act, and hang up the fame in some conspicuous part of the (hop wherein he, she, or they shall carry on such business.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no action at law, where tenders of principal and of interest thereof, and of charges for warehouse room, have been made by the pawner, at a less rate ' than is contained in the aforesaid table of profit, and refofed by any pawnbroker* shall be mafiriteinable 'against any pawnbroker, unless the (am t(hail have been bhdught and commenced before, the said second- day of August, and that such tenders shall, in that, case; be Of no effect whatever, but the goods shall be re- 1 deemablb, arid' may be redeemed under the terms inserted in the table tof profit set forth id this act.1

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or received, for any summons or warrant, or other proceeding Whatever, granted or made by any justice or justices of the peace, in purfdance of this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted - for any thing5 by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this1 act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give Che special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; find1 if Upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant'or'defendants, the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, thsri such defendant or defendants shall have double costs awarded to* him, her,- or them, against such plaintiff or plantiffs.

XIV. And be it further chadded, That tfiiy .*&shall be deemed and taken to be a publick a#; and shall beyudfciany taken notice of as such, without tHofirtWe being fpdrtalfy pfeaded.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be in foitej from theday of pading thereof, for one year, and till she end of the next session of padhfenent.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43, <625

~ r

CAP. XLIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued

with respect to the killing of game.

J

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being deiirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have voluntarily reiolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties herein after expressed; and to that end and purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- From 061. r, ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from >784, the fol-and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and tohioIvFa-paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for jesty; videlicet, the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several Every person' rates and duties following; (that is to say,) -m Great Britain, qualified

That every person in Great Britain, qualified in respect to kil* game» ’ property to kill game, shall, previous to their (hooting at, kill- jccount^of iig, or destroying any game, deliver in a paper or account in hU name and writing, containing the name and place of abode of such per- place of a-*on, it in England, with the clerk of the peace of the county, to the ind if in Scotland, with the sheriff, or stewart clerk of the tScf°ft?ind ;ounty where such person shall reside, and annually take out a innuaiiy take certificate thereof: out a ccYtifi-

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or cate thereof, piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any such person shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be y of

charged a stamp duty of two pounds, two shillings: *1. is.

That every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, Everydeputa* granted to any person by any lord or lady of a manor in - 'Ion of a a ft At shall be registered with the clerk of the peace of the rounty; and every such deputation, by any proprietor of land Sdy of a man-n Scotland, shall be registered in the sheriff or stewart court nor, shall be >ooks of the county in which the said manor or lands shall be; registered with ind the gamekeeper so appointed shall annually take out a t5le clerk °, *rH6caie thereof: ndthTgi

That upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or keeper shall uece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any person annually rake inder any deputation or appointment of gamekeeper shall be ou^a mgtofled, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp- for which he (uty of ten shillings and tixpence. shall pay 10 a.

H, And «d.

6z6

The duty to be under the management of the commissioners of the stamp-duties.

Aon? v&Jdfcno quirk* OsqROll lit. 0. f 17*4,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, for the bettek and tnoife cflfadtfcl levying, col Jewing, and paying the said duty herein-before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, asd management of the coitotaitRon* ers for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the ne» ceflary officers under them for that purpose, to allow such fabrics! and incidental charges as (ha be necessary, and to causefiuft new damps to be provided to denote the said duty as dial) be requisite in that behalf, and to repair, renew, and alter the fame from time to time as there shall be occasion, and do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the bid duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as as they, or the mt jor part of them, are authorized to put in execution any fortM Jaw concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper*

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after thepaf* dng of this act, every person, qualified as aforesaid, who Ml deliver into the office of the clerk of the peace,' or his deputy for the county, division, riding, or' place, or if in with the sheriff or dewart derk of the county, division, (hot) stewartry, or place where he shall reside, a paper or account'll

account of his writing, containing the name and place of abode of fttCh

son; and every gamekeeper to whom any deputation (had le granted as before, who shall regider the fame, mentioning ill name of the manor or lands, and the person granting the Ml and the date thereof, and who shall respectively require a caw, fiesue thereon from such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, a tion,mention- such sheriff*or dewart clerk, shall be annually mtitled thereto; Ing the name and such derk of the peace, or his deputy, and such sheriff to ifithe manor, dewart derk, shall thereupon issue a certificate, damped amroll* herein-before is directed, to the effect or form following; M

titled tout cer- tyi tifteate there*

on* T A.B. clerk of the peace for the county of C. (or as the case mat

Form of cer- Jt happen to be,) deputy clerk of the peace; or, if in Scotland, I ttneate. A.B. sheriff or stewartclerk of the county of C. do hereby

That E. F. bath this day delivered into my office a papery writing a

account, containing his name and place of, (or, as the may happen to be,) bath this day registered a deputation y xvberdj he is appointed a gamekeeper by for the manor or lands of which I do hereby certify 9 in pursuance of an act of, pefi

fid in the twenty fourth year of the reign of King George the third as witness my hand, this0 day of

Every qualified person who shall deliver into the office of the ckrfc of the peace, an

name, and place of abode;and every game-keeper who shall register

Clerk of the

IV. And be it further enacted, That (he bid clerk of th

peace, See. to peace, or his deputy, or the said sheriff or dewart clerk, add jign and deli- he shall have signed such certificate, shall forthwith tflue tb £wfons° fame> stampccJ as herein-before is directed, to the person o requiring the pwfons so delivering in such paper, writing, or account, or re fame: giderin;

17S4-I Ann^vicesimo quarto Gsoncn Ilf. C. 43;

Bering such deputation as aforesaid, and respectively requiring

the fame j and shall, previous to the delivery thereof, be in-

tided to demand and receive, of and from fsch period, the sum

of one shilling for hfe own trouble in that behalf; and in case any Defaulters

lech clerk of the peace, or his deputy* or any sheriff or stewart herein flail

clerk, shall neglsft or refuse to issue to such person or persons as foi for

iforesaid, so delivering in such paper, writing, or account, or °®ence*

rtgifttring such deputation as aforesaid, mcertificate ^properly

narked and stamped, as herein-before is directed, every such

cleric of the peace, or sheriff or stewart clerk, shall, for every*

afifence forfeit and pay the firm of fifty pounds, and moreover

be liable to pay to his Majesty, his heirs and Aicceftors, the duty payable on such certificate.

V. And be it further enacted, That every certificate, granted Certificates by the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or by the sheriff or when to be fcwart clerk, pursuant to this act, shall, if the fame be requir- 4,14 d by any person or persons before the first day of October^ one U1 ca* housand seven hundred and eighty-four, bear date on the day

d the month on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and remain in force until the first day of next follow-tig, and no longer; and that no certificate shall issue in purfu-mce of this act, between the first day of one thousand

even hundred and eighty-four, and the first day of, one housand seven hundred and eighty-five: and every such certi-kate which shall issue after the said first day of, one housand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be ifibed between he first day of March and the first day of in each year, tnd shall bear date on the day of the month on which the fame shall be issued, and shall endure and remain in force for the clerk of the 'pace of twelve calendar months, commencing from the date of peace, &c. uch certificate, and no longer; and if any clerk of the peace, who ftia,jciffue wp his deputy, or aiw sheriff or stewart clerk, shall issue any SntSry to :ertifkate to any person otherwise than above directed, he shall this act; flail/ 'orfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, forfeit 50l.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Certain cases hall extend to prevent any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, orin wJ"ch the iny sheriff or stewart clerk, from issuing his certificate to any ce°L?e gamekeeper first appointed in any year after the first day of ^ay issue cer* n that year; nor to any person who hath been beyond tificatw after the Teas, and hath or shall have, in any year, first arriv- July

td or come into this kingdom at any time after the first day of July in such year, who respectively may be desirous of obtaining such certificate as aforesaid; but in every such case the raule shall be specified, either in the body, or at the foot of such certificate herein-before, directed to be granted: nor to prevent my clerk of the peace, or his deputy, nor any sheriff or stewart clerk, within their respective counties, to grant any such certificate, as aforesaid, to any person or persons at any time requiring tfte fame, such certificate bearing date on the day on which tt issued, and being stamped or marked with double the rates and duties herein-before granted upon every such certificate, and to -'* - be

ft*.

Qualified persons who, after

shall (hoot at, or kill any game, without a certificate! shall forfeit 501.

Not to extend to the royal family.

Clerks of the peace, &c. to transmit annually to the (lamp office correct lifts of certificates granted by them i

on penalty of sol.

Lifts to be kept at the office, and may be in-ipected.

In case of any new appointment of a gamekeeper, &c the former certificate to be void*

Anno vicesimo quarto OfioRGir III.- c. 434 P7S4

be in force till the first day of next following the date o such certificate, and no longer,., ., t

VII. And be it further enacted by Jtbe, authority afotefikl That, from and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, every person qualified as aforesaid, who shall (hoot at, kill, take, or destroy, any pheasant partridge, heath fowl, commonly called Black Game, ox as; growfe, commonly called Red, or any, other game, who shall kill, take, or destroy, any hare, with any greyhound hound, pointer, spaniel, fettipg dog, or other dog, withou having obtained such certificate, in such manner as herein-b* fore is directed, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed*

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That.nothing herein contained shall make it necessary for any of to royal family, or persons appointed by them to (hoot at, k^ take, or destroy any game, within their chafes, parks, warred or royalties, to have the certificate required by this act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the peaty

or their deputies, or the sheriff or stewart clerks in their relative counties, shall, on or before the first day of ocs

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and in every fuhfe* quest year, on or before the twelfth day of m oA

such year, make out and transmit to the head office of (bmp in London, correct lifts, in alphabetical order, of the certit*

cates so granted by them, distinguishing the duties paidonead respective certificate so issued; and, on the delivery thereof, receiver general of the stamprduties shall pay to such clerk the peace, or his deputy, or to such sheriff or stewart clerk,b the making out and writing every such lift, after the rate of farthing for the name of every such person to whom such certificate shall have been granted, and which shall be inserted in such fils and in case any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or any (brf or stewart clerk, shall neglect or refuse to make outuich^ as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such lift a full, true, and fed account, as herein-before directed, of all the persons to fame ought to contain, then, and in every such case, every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, and sheriff or stewan del so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to sum of twenty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the several lifts, upon such transmission thereof as aforeM shall be deposited and kept at the said head.office of damps®

London, and shall and may, at all reasonable times, on p*f ment of one shilling each search, be refuted to andinfpe&dty any person whatsoever.

XI. And whereas deputations or appointments of gomtUtss

granted as before, may be revoked; be it therefore enacted, Tbj if any lord or lady of a manor in f, or prpprietor of 1*

in Scotland,shall make any new appointment of a gamckecptf

for any manor or lands, in the room of the person already aP*

*1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43.

pointed, and shall regiffer such deputation with the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or sheriff or ffewart clerk of the county in which the manor or lands shall be fituare, and shall obtain a new certificate thereon, the first certificate granted shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, null and void; and the per*-Ton a&irtg under the fame, after notice to him given of fuclt new and other certificate, shall be liable to the penalties prescribed by the game laws now in being, made for the prelerva-tion of the game, and as are directed with respect to persons not qualified to kill game.

XII. And) in order to prevent the evading the payment of the

duties hereby granted upon certificates as ’aforesaid) and to compel the production thereof to persons authorised to the same; be it

therefore enacted, That if any person or persons qualified, or having a deputation as aforesaid, shall be found in the pursuit of any game with a gun, dog, or net, or other engine for the definition of game, or the taking or killing thereof, and shall be required to shew such certificate by the lord or lady of the manor, or proprietor of the land, whereon such person shall be using such gun, dog, or net, of other engine for the deffrudion of game, or by any gamekeeper appointed as before, or by any other person having obtained such certificate from the clerk of the peace, or his deputy as aforesaid, or by any officer of the stamps, properly authorized by the commissioners for that purpose, such person shall produce such certificate; and if such person shall refuse, upon the production of the certificate of the person requiring tile fame, to produce and shew the certificate granted to him for the like purpose, or, in case of not having Fuch certificate to produce shall refuse to tell his christian and furrtathe, and the place of his residence, and the name of the county where his certificate was issued, or shall give in any fal'e or fictitious name, such person so offending shall forfeit and pay tire sum of fifty pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the certificate hereby directed to be iffbed by the clerks of the peace, or their deputies, in the respective counties in England) or by the sheriffer stewart clerks of the counties in, shall not authorise or

enable any person to shoot at, kill, take, or dellroy any game, at any time or times prohibited by any law now in being, nor to give any person any right to (hoot at, kill, take, or destroy, any game, unless such person shall be duly qualified, under and by virtue of the laws now in being, made for the preservation of the game.

XIV. And in order to prevent persons qualified in their own

rights procuring deputations from any lord or lady of a manor) or 'proprietor of land, with an intent to evade the duty hereby imposed

on certificates ijfacd to persons so qua; be it enacted, That any certificate, obtained under any deputation, shall not be pleaded or given in evidence, where any person shall (hoot at, kill, take or destroy any game, out of the precinCIs or limits of the manor or lands for which such deputat on was given. 1

629

Any person

in pursuit of game, who shall refute to prod nee Ins certificate when required by any authorised person (o to do,

or to tell hU

nam*, and p’ace of abode, &c. shall iortcit 50l.

Certificates not to autho-n(e any Parian to kiil game at any nm* prohibit* td by law, &c.

Certificates ol table t un-dci de mtations nor 10 be gi' en in evidence for killing game out of the manor, &c.

630

Ci a use relative to those counties that have no clerks of the peace*

Persons coun terfeiting stamps to suffer death as felons.

Provisions of former acts relating to stamp-dutjes, to be in force in executing this act.

Penalties how to be recover* ed and applied.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43.

[17&

XV. And whereas there are cities and towns that a\

counties of themselvesy and have no clerks of the peace to issue 1

certificates herein-before directed; be it therefore enacted, Th every person xehding in such cities and towns that are countie shall and may deliver in the paper, writing, or account, hereit before directed, to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of tl county, division, riding, or place next adjoining, who (ha issue his certificate to the person applying for the fame, as herein-before directed, in the same manner as if the person requiring such certificate resided in the county of such clerk < the peace; and upon neglect or refusal to issue such certifica as aforesaid, such clerk of the peace shall be liable to the fan penalties as if he had refused or neglected to issue such cgiit cate to any person applying for the fame, resident in the couni of such clerk of the peace.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to h counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed 01 allowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting tbs duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble tk impredion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majety his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, or shall privately or fraudulently use any leal, stamp, or mark, directeder allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud to Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duiis, every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shallfc adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of feloty without benefit of clergy.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforfa^ That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other ( matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act* 1 acts of parliament relating to the stamp-duties on vellud parchment, and paper, shall be in full force and effect with re* tion to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be app and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and f* 1 curing, the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, accord to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intcal and purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively Whereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and dutf hereby imposed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aForefo That all pecuniary penalties imposed on any person or per*'01 for offences committed against this act, shall and may be fa for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts at

for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Lwdy the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick $ Tweedy and in his Majesty's court of sessions, court ofjujM ary, or court of exchequer, in, for offences commit

in that part of Great Britain called ScotlanJ% by action of deK bill, plaint, or information; wherein no cfloin, protcfli® privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, ft3"1 allowed i and wherein the plaintiff* if he or flic fhafi rccojt

1784O Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 45.

any penalty or penalties, shall recover the fame for his or her own use, with double costs of suit.

XIX. Provided always, That from and after the said first day of OAoUr^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in all cases where the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed, doth not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, shire, stewartry, division, city, liberty, or place, wherein any offence or offences against this act shall be committed, and such justice or justices is and are hereby required, upon information or complaint to him or them made, to summon the party or parties accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, to appear before him or them; and upon the appearance of the party or parties accused, or in default of his, her, or their appearance, according to such summons, to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party or parries accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed; and to award and issue out his warrants, under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties and forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause Tale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of such offender cannot be found suffici-enrto answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of six months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if such person or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter fefiTions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby impowered'to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them* (elves shall seem meet.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnessfe.s to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refute to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or Justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending; that then every such person shall, forfeit, for every such

U^u 2 offence.

631

Any justice of the county, in all offences against this act where the penalty doth not exceed zol. may summon the parties before him, and determine in a summary way.

Penalties may be levied by distress.

or the offender committed.

Person* aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feffi-ons, upon giving proper security.

Persons fnm-moned as witnesses, and not appearing to forfeit iol.

v

3»

How justices to proceed foi conviction of offenders.

Form of conviction.

Justice may mitigate penalties.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4 3.

[1)84

offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein-before directed as to other penalties.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the same effect, mutatis mutandis that is to say.

BE it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of our Lord at in the county of A.B. cam

before me C.D. esquire, one of his justices of th peace for the said county,residing near the place where the of cose

was committed, and informed me that E. F. of

on the day of, now lad

being a qualified per fen, or having a deputation to kill garni, as the case may happen, didJhoot at, or dcftrtj, (here set forth the fact for which the information wai laid,) without having the certificate required by law for tta PurPJ>fe i whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summcnd to answer the said charge, appeared before me, and b&W-l heard the charge contained in the said information, declerd be was not guilty of the said (or as the case mav hap*

pen to be,) did not appear before me pursuant to summons, (or didneglect and refuse to make any defenu # gain ft the said charge, but the fame being fully proved upon ih oath of G. H. a credible witness, (or as the case may bapp® to be,) acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the fame it true; and it manijeftlyappears to me, that he the said E.F.

is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said infonor tion; I do therefore hereby convict him of the offence

and do declare and adjudge, that be the said E. F. fcited the sum of of lawful monej

Great Britain, for the offences, to be difirihtcl

as the law directs,according to the form of the that case made and provided.

Given under my band and Jedl, the day of

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be la*' ful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to litigate and lefien any such penalties as he shall think fit, reason* able costs and charges of the officefs and informers, as well making the discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being alwa^ allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such n^1* gation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges any thing contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding'

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforew

u

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 44; 633

That the several duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Duties to be time to time into the hands of the receiver general for the time Jeiver° ^neral being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, of the if amp. who shall keep a separate and distin& account of the several duties, and by rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of paid into railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being deduced) the exchequer, into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the Auditor to auditor of the fame receipt shall be provided and kept a book or provide*book books, in which all the monies arising from the said several fhcduries1? rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall parate froin " be entered, separate and apart from all other monies paid or ail others, payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so paid into the said re- Application ceipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment therePf« of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled. aft a.certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, shall, at any time or times, be General issue. sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or jtheir defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such Treble cofti,' plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four j for appropriating the monies arising by the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry and also by a land tax, granted to his Majesty by two acts made in the last session of parliament j and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

800,000l. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year j to be issued by the tceafury accordingly, Treasury impowered to raiie the sum of 8oo,ooool. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with foil costs. __ Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment subject to action of debt, or on the case, with costs and forfeiture of office. Auditor, neglecting his duty, liable for damages, Sec. the like to be recovered at Westminster. No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the fame day j nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, lo ks mo.

U u 3 ney

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 44. [1784.

neybe referred for the preceding orders. Power of assignment, add

thod of transferring ot orders by indorsement, entered in the auditor's office (without fee). If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills i 11stead of loans; and the bills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the malt act of last session. All advantages and penalties Jin the said act of last session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the (inking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 800,000l.; notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Mans. The sum of 105,818l. 5s. xid. rq. remaining in the exchequer} shall be applied towards making good the supply. 441,70s!. 15 s. pd. iq. out of fairings of army services, shall be applied towards defraying extraordinary expences of land forces, 5tc. from Feb. 1, 1783, to Dec. *4, 1783. The monies arising by the malt aft, land tax, lottery aft, loans, (r,500,000l.)

' further loans, (1,000,000l.) 105,818l. 5s. nd. iq. remaining in the exchequer; and 800,000l. by this act granted out of the furpiufies of the sinking fund; shall be applied (with the refidae of the monies arising from the sale of French prizes, &c.) to the uses following: 3,153,869]. 6d. towards naval services; 181,141 L6s. for the charges of the office of ordnance, not provided for, in 1783; 4*9,008l. ss. 7d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for 1784; 3,716,370l. 18s. zd. towards maintaining the land forces, &c. j of which, 636,190k 9s. id. for defraying the charge of 17,483 effective men, including 2,030 invalids, and also officers, agency, &c.; 284,2131. 2s. 9d. for forces in plantations, &c. for 1784; 8,252 k 7 s. 9 d. for advance pay to dragoons and foot in the East Indies j 6,080 h 6s. 6 d. for general and general ftaif officer* in Great Britaio j 9,371 k 17s. 9d. for two Hanoverian battalions of foot; 67,551k 14s. id. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, and their clerks, ftc.; 173,001k 15s. 5d. for the pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c.; 75,1161. 18s. 6d. for reduced officers of land forces, Sic.; further sum of 150.3001 for ditto; 563k 12s. lod. for officers and private gentlemen of bode guards reduced, &c.j 54,653k 10s. 6d, for commissioned officers of British American forces^ 3,544k 14s. 3d. for officers late in the serviceofUx Rates general; 17,000 k 46. for widows of commissioned officers 3 6861. for widows of commissioned officers in British American force*; 4,246 k 11s lor two regiments of foot lent from Ireland to Gibraltar; 10,524k 17*. 46 for additionals to three regiments of foot; 9,824k 15s. 6a. for (even! corps to their being disbanded; 22,419k os. lod. tq. for five battafioas of Hanoverian infantry, for 183 days; 6,291k 7s. for general and (Uf officers in North America, for 1784; 120,369k 11s. 7d. for subsidies ts the Landgrave of Hesse Caffe), Sic.for 1784; 60,035k 8s. 4d. *q. fee 6,463 Hessians, from May 28, to Dec. 24, 1784; 2,366k 13s. to malt good a deficiency in the duke of Brunswick s subsidy, for 1783; 77,853l. 8s. 7d. iq. for several corps in 1784! 15,626k 42. ud. for three regiments of foot, for 183 days; 1,919,2891. 6s. ud. 20. for extraordini-ries, &c. of land forces, from Feb. 1, 1783, to Dec. 24, following; 6o,oocl to discharge the civil list debt; 1,000,000k for paying off the exeb^oer bills made out by virtue of an act 23 Geo. 3.; 1,500,000k for paying cf bills made out by virtue of another act of the same year; 36,8411. 1 s. 6d. issued in pursuance of addresses of the house of commons: 25,000k towards carrying on the buildings at Somerset House; 5,559k 8s. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 3,150k for the island ot St. John; 3,950k for East Florida; 3,100k for New Brunswick in America; 1,750k for Cape Breton; 7,850k to perfect the purchase of the (oil of the Bahama Iffands, Sic.\ 500 k for the chief justice of Somers Ifiandt; 43,000k for maintaining forts on the coast of Africa; 9,000k for the commissioners of publick accounts; 7,000k to make good the like sum paid to the secretaries of the said commissionerf, &c.; 4,000 k for assisting the Levant company; 3,000k for the British Museum; 4,830k 7s. id. on account of new roads, Sic. in the Highlands of Scotland; 1,891k 13s. ?d. to make compensation to the Rev. Thomas Weekes Dal by, for de-|aining th? ship Hope, Sic.belonging to Charles Weefect, on account of

the

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 45. 635

the victualling office, in 1743 and 1744; 75,7501. 13s. 6d. for relief of American civil officers, &c.j i*,8i6l. 15 s. 91l. iq. to make good the like sum issued to discharge bills drawn on the treasury by the governbr of Nova Scotia; 3,587l. 9 s. fid. to be paid to Joseph White, esq; for defraying expences of supporting the bill against Ar Thomas Rumbold, bart. iA last session j 9*0l. os. 9d. to be paid to George White, e(q; for defraying expences attending committees inquiring into the causes of the war in the Carnatic, and the condition of the British possessions there, in 1781 and 178a; 1,779l. X3S* to be paid to Mr. Evatt, for expences attending ftltft committees in four sessions, in regard to the Hate of the administration of justice in the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriil'a; nfil. 16 s.

6d. to be paid to Mr. White, jun. for expences attending lelcft committees during the lait and pretent session, on the report of the dnectors of the East India company to the house of commons, datecj January 13, 1784, and their further report presented February 16, last3 nol. to be paid to Mr. Benson, for his expences and trouble attending a committee, to enquire into the illicit praftyces used in defrauding the revenue, and into the most effectual methods of preventing the fame j is,sis 1. 11s. fid. jlfiied to Duncan Campbell, for maintaining convicts, &c. on the river Thames; *3,5561. as. 7d. to make good the deficiency ot a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 31 Geo. *.; 168,0191. is. 9d. 3q. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an v

aft 18 Geo. 3.; 73,339k 19s. 8d. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 19 Geo. 3.; 107,909 k 10 s. 3d. to ^nake good the deficiency of fund for paying annuities granted by an act 10 Geo. 3.; 435,888 k 19s. id. to make good the deficiency ot a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 11 Geo. 3.) 14,943k 5s. od. »q. to make good the deficiency of a fund for paying annuities granted by an act 13 Geo. 3.; 36,814k 158. 5d. 3q. to make good the deficiency or the grants for the year 1783. The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half pay none to receive any thing who was under sixteen years of age, when the regiment was reduced, nor unless he did actual duty, or having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty; nor any chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland; or any having resigned his commission, and had no commission since; nor any except thoie in titled as reduced officers; nor any officers of the five regiments of dragoous, or eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except those taken otf halfpay establishment in Great Britain. By an act 13 Geo 3, a sum not exceeding 77,985 k cs. iod. and a sum not exceeding 47,500k were appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus monies, above satisfy ing laid officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, &c. in the late years, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct.

CAP. XLV.

An act to extend the powers of an act, made in the twenty-third year of bisfrefent Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the United States

of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect io certain articles therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an at7, made in the twenty-third year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for prevent- Recital of 13 ing certain inftrnments from being required from ships belong- Geo. 3. c. 39. ing to the United States of America 5 and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on

U u 4 trade

a

636 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4IS.

[178

trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the said United States; it is*

among other things, enacted.That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in council, by order or orders to be issued and published from time to time, to give such directions, and to make such

with respect to duties, drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying on the

trade and commerce between the people and territories belonging to the crown of Great Britain, and the people and territories of the said United States, as to his Majestyin council appear mofl. expedient and salutary: and whereas it is expedient, that the to

his Majesty by the said in part receited act, should be extended in like manner to the trade and intercourse between this kingdom and the British colonies and plantations in America, so far as the fame may relate to iron, hemp, and Jail cloth, and other articles of the produce

of any place bordering on the Baltick, which may be exported from this kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiruual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-II’s Majesty bled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and ma£

jn council bc lawful for his Majesty in council, by order or orders to be

itf"ued and published from time to time, to give such directions, tiems forbear- and to make such regulations, with respect to duties, drawbacks, lying jm trade or otherwise, for carrying on the trade and commerce between /iritish

/kjne:ica, re* lauve to iron, hemp, tail-cloib, &c.

Continuance of this act.

this kingdom and the British colonies and plantations in America, so far as relates to iron, hemp, and sail-cloth, and other articles of the produce of any place bordering on the, which may be lawfully exported from this kingdom, as to his Majesty in council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, and the powers and authorities hereby given to his Majesty, and ail orders issued and publillled in consequence thereof, shall continue and be in force until the fifth day of, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and no longer.

CAP. XLVI.

An act to difiontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties

upon low wines and spirits for home, and for granting

and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; end

for the bciur regulation of the making and vending British /p/W/;, as well for home conjunction as for exportation \ and for

all home made and foreign spirits, aster the condemnation there] \ and for vejling in his Majesty the duties of excise within the lands cj Ferentofh, in the countyfl/Tnverpefs; and for \

for a limited lime, certain impojls and duties upon rum andjpirns imported from the West Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by several acts of heretofore made,

and now in force, sundry rates and duties were granted upon law wines and spirits made in Great Britain for home corjumpthn:

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 637

4nd whereas, in and by the said acts for granting rates and die-

jits, and by ftvetal other made for preventing frauds and in the collection and payment thereof divers and directions

Jor or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining and collecting the said rates and duties were made and enacted: and whereas great inconveniences have ariftn from the mode of charging and collecting the said rates and duties; and the powers, rules, and regulations, in and by the said several acts made, provided, or J'or the preventing of frauds and abuses, have been found ineffectual: for remedy whereof, and in order to maintain your Majesty's revenues, and to secure a proper and sufficient fund towards paying the several incumbrances on the said rates and duties, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the com-nions of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, think it will be for the advantage of the publick to discontinue the payment of the said rates and duties upon low wines and spirits, for a limited time, and in lieu thereof, to grant to your Majesty, for the fame limited time, the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; and also that further regulations should be provided and enaCced for the better collecting thereof; and do there-fuie most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, for and during the From Nov. i# fpsce of two years, to be computed from the first day of - »7*4* the du-vemher, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all the l,?s on lo* rates and duties granted and imposed upon low wines and fpi- ^"fts for rits for home consumption, in and by any act or acts heretofore home con-made, and now in force, shall be discontinued, save only and fumption, except the arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the di£

said rates and duties; and that, ii^lieu and stead thereof, the two^ea several rates and duties hereafter mentioned, shall, for and dur- dut/# ing the said term of two years, be substituted, charged, and instead there-paid that is to say, of.

For every gal-

For every gallon of fermented wort or wash, brewed or made,on of for extraditing spirits for home consumption, from any malt, brewed forex^ corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, to be paid trading ^irits by the makers or distillers thereof, the sum of five-pence; for home con-

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or other waft), or liquor, fumption,from made or brewed from any fort or kind of British materials (ex- Sd*:

cept such as are before mentioned), or from any mixture there- r/brewed1* with, for extracting spirits for home consumption, to be paid by from British the makers or distillers thereof, the sum of four-pence: material*, 41l.

For eve gallon of fermented wort or wafti, made or brewed 8aUon * from melaifes or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting Wash made spirits for home consumption, to be paid by the makers or dif- froJ?1 tillers thereof, the sum of seven-pence farthing: iq.pfr»non;

And for every gallon of foreign refused wine, or foreign cy- Foreign rcfufl der, or waft), prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses cd wine, &c.

and iod.pergallqn«

Penalty qn removing or concealing walh, &c.

Wash,&c. not to be removed from theveflel wherein it was fermented, until the officer has gauged it*

Penalty*

Officers to keep an exact account of all wort, wash, &c. whereon the new duties are imposed*

For 100 gallons of wort, hrtwtd from malt, corn, &c. the maker shall have credit for so gallons of spirits, of one to ten over hydrometer proof;

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. [1784.

and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, to be paid by the makers or distUlers thereof, the sum of ten-pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That no wort, wash, or tilts, in the possession of any distiller or maker of spirits, shall be removed or taken from his entered premises, or concealed; but all such wort, wash, and tilts, and also all low wines extracted therefrom, shall be severally used and distilled by such distiller; and when and so often as any wort, wash, tilts, or low wines, shall be removed, taken away, or'concealed, contrary to rbe true intent and meaning of this act, such wort, wash, tilts, and low wines shall be seised, forfeited, and loft; and over and betides such forfeiture, such distiller, and the person or persons employed to remove, or who shall receive the same, shall be liable to the penalty of ten shillings for every gallon of worr, wash, tilts, or low wines, so removed, taken away, or concealed respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That no wort, wash, tilts, or other liquor, for the distilling of spirits for home consumption, shall be put in the dill, or otherwise removed from the back or vessel wherein the fame was or were fermented, until the faire shall have been gauged, and the duties aforesaid rated thereon by the proper officer of excise; and if any distiller shall, contrary to the directions of this act, put into any still, or otherwi^ remove any such wort, wash, tilts, or other liquor, from tlx back or vessel wherein the fame was or were so fermented, before the fame shall have been gauged, and the duties rated thereon as aforesaid, such distiller shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and shall also pay a double duty for all the wort, wash, tilts, and other liquor, so put into the still, or removed as aforesaid.

IV. And, to the intent that the officers of excise may be the bettrt enabled to detest frauds or illicit practices of every kind and defend tion 5 be it further enacted, That every officer of excise, having any still or ilillhouse, or other place used for the purposes or making or distilling spirits for home consumption,‘under his charge or survey, shall keep exact accounts in his books (on pain of difmiftion, and being rendered incapable of serving any office under the crown) of all wort, wash, tilts, and other liquors, whereon the aforesaid duties are imposed by this act, and shall in his said books of account give unto the several and respective distillers or makers of spirits he shall so survey, a credit according to the following rates or proportions; that is to say.

For every one hundred gallons of wort or wash, made or brewed from malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, the owner or distiller thereof shall have credit for twenty gallons of spirits, of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof;

For

1784O Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 9

For every one hundred gallons of cyder, perry, wash, or For 100 gal-crther Jiquor, made or brewed from any fort or kind of British r>

materials, except malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture Q^er with the fame, the owner or distiller thereof shall have credit BritiA materi-for fifteen gallons of spirits, of the strength aforesaid: als, v5 gallons

For every one hundred gallons of wort or wash, made or ®[thcfftTngth brewed from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, the p®" " s owner or distiller thereof shall have credit for twenty-two gal- jong Jof Ions of spirits, of the strength aforesaid: brewed front

And for every one hundred gallons of foreign refilled wine or melasses, &c. foreign cyder, or of wort or wash made or brewed from any a^r^aid*as fore gn materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture with the fame, the owner or distiller thereof shall have credit ions ot foreign for twenty gallons of spirits, of the strength aforesaid. refused wine,

&c. *0 gal-

V. And be it further enacted, That if, on carting up the stock of any distiller or maker of spirits for home consumption, Ifthe ofl;ccJ. such maker, not being also a redifier, at the aforesaid strength shall find the of one to ten over hydrometer proof, the officer of excise shall quantity of find the quantity of spirits contained in such stock to exceed the spirits exceed quantity for which the distiller or maker thereof is intitled to J such credit as aforesaid, after deducing and allowing for the mentioned, quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such increase such distiller or maker 5 then, and in every such case, the in- shall be feixed. crease of stock shall be deemed and considered as having been made from wort, wash, tilts, or other liquor, not duly charged with the rates and duties granted by this act, and such increase shall be seised and forfeited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer of ex- Officer to cife, shall gauge all wort, wash, and other liquor, after the fame W°ut*

shall be put into the wash still, (whether for home consumption theftiU. or exportation), and keep in his books true accounts of the still gauges of such wash, wort, and other liquor respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller or maker penalty on of spirits for home consumption, whether he be a reltifier or distillers who not, shall, before he begin to draw off any low wines from the shall draw off wash still, charge the fame with the wort, wash, or other li- the'waS quor, on which the duties aforesaid shall have been rated, in mu nuii have the proportion of not less than three parts in four of the whole been properly quantity of liquor which such still, including the head, is ca- charged, pable of containing; and that every distiller or distillers for exportation, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw off any low wines from their wash still, charge the fame with wash, in the proportion of not less than four parts in five of the whole quantity of liquor which such wash still, including the head, is capable of containing; and that every wash still shall be worked off within the space of twenty hours, to be computed from the time of the officer’s taking the gauge of such still; and that every distiller or maker of spirits who shall begin to draw off any low wines until the wash still shall have been so charged as aforesaid, or after having been so charged, shall not work the fame

6*o Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. [1784.

fame off within the time hereby limited, shall, in either of fodi cases, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

VIII. And, for the better prevention of, or of impediments

to. the officer in taking an account of the disliller's stocky be it diM- farther enacted, That all low wines whether made by distiller* low wine* Cp tutored for *1Qmc confutnption or exportation shall, within the more than *+ fp®ce of twelve hours after the same shall have been run off from hours after t the wash dill, be pumped or put into the low wine dill, and running off shall, within the space of the next twelve hours, be drawn off

5iu?he mail into *Pirits and any *ow w*nes ltePt bY forfeit 10).per distiller or maker thereof, more than twenty-four hours after

hour. the same shall have been run off from the wash dill, every fudi

distiller shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds by the hour, for every hour beyond the time or space hereby limited, during which any of such low wines shall be kept or remain without being a second time distilled.

Directions re-

IX. And be it further enacted, That every redtifier and com-hmetodraw- pounder of British spirits shall, before he shall begin to draw fointt, &c. British brandy, compounds, or other spirits, from bit (till, charge the fame in the proportion of not less than three parts in four of the whole quantity of liquor which such ftiH, including the head, is capable of containing; and that ever) such (\ill shall be worked off within sixteen hours, to be computed from the time of the officers taking the gauge of the (Hlfj and every redtifier or compounder of spirits, who shall draw off any British brandy, compounds, or other spirits, from aay (till, until the same shall have been so charged, or shall not work off the fame within the time hereby for that purpose limited, shall, in either of such cases, forfeit and lose the sum of r one hundred pounds.

to pemitfior And xt ^urther enacted, That all persons intitled tt removal of and demanding any permit for the removal of raw or unredi-

iritish spirits fied British spirits, spirits of wine, compounds, or Briuft

for home con- brandy, for home confutnption, shall, in the request note, spe- "P*0"’ cify the quantity of such spirituous liquors, and shall also dc* scribe to which of the afore-mentioned daffies the liquor so intended to be removed shall belong, distinguiftiing raw and un-rectified spirits made from corn, from raw and unredlified spirits made from melasses or sugar, or any other materials; and also specifying the contents of the several calks, vessels, and other packages containing the fame, and by what mode of conveyance, whether by land carriage or water carriage, the fame is intended to be sent; and no permit shall be granted on any request note not made conformable hereto; and all spirijtuout liquors which shall be removed under any false description shall be seized, loft, and forfeited.

Permits tq

XI. And be it further enacted, That every permit to be withfthe par- granted by any officer of excise for the removal of any British ticulars of the fpihtuous liquors for home confutnption, shall be made to cor-request note, respond, in respect to the particulars aforesaid, with the request note whereon the same shall be granted; and every such officer

is

784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 644

i hereby required to make out and deliver unto the party call- Duplicates to ng for and intitled to such permit, two original parts or dupli- be delivered sites thereof, one of which shall be intitled Seller's, offictr*

rod the other The Buyer's Permit, in printed letters; and that the buyer’s permit shall be sent and delivered with such spiritu-m liquors unto the buyer thereof, upon pain that such spirituous liquors shall (if the fame is not seized in the transit for want of lawful permit) be forfeited to the buyer thereof, and the feller rendered incapable of recovering the value or price thereof in any court of law or equity; and also, that the feller shall, over and besides the loss of the said spirituous liquor, forfeit and lose double the value thereof, including the duties, and that the evidence of the buyer, or person receiving the said spirituous liquors, shall be admitted to prove that the fame was delivered without a lawful permit.

XII. Provided always, That when any suit or action shall Disputes rela-

be commenced, or any information brought, wherein the de- tive to the delivery or non-delivery of any permit to the buyer of any British spirituous liquors shall become a question, it shall be sufficient bliyer^o^Bri-for the feller to exhibit on proof the permit, intitled, tiih spirits. Seller's Permit, for the removal of such British spirituous liquors, how to be dt-

and to prove that there hath been a suitable decrease in the fell- tcrrained. er’s dock of the spirits mentioned in such permit; and, upon the making out such proof, the spirituous liquor in question shall be adjudged to have been sent out and delivered with a lawful permit according to the true intent and meaning of this adh

XIII. Provided also, That no buyer of any such British fpi- Buyer not to rituous liquors shall avail himself of any such forfeiture as afore- avail himself said, unless such buyer shall, within fourteen days next after of any such *he delivery of the said goods, exhibit his complaint or infor- w/Cw!tMnU"* mation upon oath, before the commissioners of excise, or juf- day^heex- tices of the peace having jurisdiction, and forthwith prosecute bibiVhU com-the same with effect; and when any such buyer shall, before the plaint on oath, delivery of such spirituous liquors, have actually paid for the same, and shall prosecute the feller, by information, for the re- c amc* covery of the said penalty of double value, to a conviction for the offence aforesaid; then, and in such case, the said buyer shall and may have and maintain his action upon the case at the common law against such feller for the money so paid, as for so much money received by the defendant for the plaintiff's use; and, upon obtaining a verdict in such action, the plaintiff shall also recover his costs of suit.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no distiller or maker of RCftn£Hons spirits shall fell or send out any spirits whatsoever, of a greater relative to the degree of strength, for home consumption, than that of one to strength of ten over hydrometer proof; and no*redifier or compounder of spiriti* spirits, whether he be a maker of spirits or not, shall fell or fend

out any compounds, BritiJlj brandy, or other spirits, of a greater or higher degree of strength than that of one inten under hydrometer proof; and if any such distiller, maker redft-

lier.

6+t Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46.

[17!

Her, or compounder, shall fell or send out any compote British brandy, or other spirits, contrary fa the intern d: act, such compounds, British brandy, and other spiria, i be seized and forfeited.

Exception

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, T withr efpeft to shall and may be lawful for any re^ifier or compounder of

spirits of wine. r*lts> or any <jcaicr in compounds, British brandy, or other tided spirits, upon condition of their keeping their who*;: of spirits of wine teparaiely and apart from their dock 0: cr liquors, but not otherwise, to call for and receive permb fending out spirits of wine of any higher or greater dejrc strength than that of one inten under hydrometer proot. any person not being a maker, re&ifier, or compounder e< j rits, so that the whole quantity of such spirits of wine, z sent to any one person in the fame day, shall not rice:; hundred and twenty gallons; and the officer granting ft: a mits, shall therein express the same to be double (pint,: shall debit the flock of such re&ifier, compounder, or.* at the rate of one hundred and eighty gallons of Bntfja1 for every one hundred gallons of spirits of wine, fc: k such permits shall be respectively granted.

Re&ifiers,&c.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further ena&d,*: for every 100 for 0^; unto the re<51ifiers and compounders of Ips^i spirits they well for what they shall make as for what they shall prs shall receive, and receive by permit, a fair allowance for that inensrt xare allowed water which is necessary to render their spirits fit (areas ?endin*oat tIon> ^ey shall a^owe(^ permits for the feadif£0t:2 140 gaflont of number of gallons, not exceeding the rate or proportouJ compounds, hundred and forty gallons of compounds, or br*i

&c. for every one hundred gallons of British raw or uniwbk:*

rits, of the strength of one to ten over hydromew 7 which they shall have received by permit, or shall hut*

according to the regulations and directions of this *3;* thing herein, or in any other alt contained, to the notwithstanding.

XVII. Jndy to the intent that the officers of *' issue permits for fending out a quantity of Hr info

compounds, or British brandy, from the Jiock of cm r;rm compounder of British be a maker tf

v or not,than that of one hundred and forty gallons isr

hundred gallons which be shall legally or le§dlj r-

Officers to be it further enacted, That the proper officers exric $ keep accounts keep an account in their books, with every diAilkr, e* rtUuSTnc. realtor, and compounder of British feint* « tifter, &cc. to quantities of all Briujh spirits which such distiller (hah prevent their make, or legally receive, as of all British (pints, cotnpc*', itfuing per- spirits of wine, and British brandy, for which such offiem ' greater pro- 8rant any Pertn*t» and when and ®ften as any officer (hi portion than called upon or required, by any maker, retSIifier, or com? i above men- der of spirits, to grant any permit for fending out ioj «j tioned. pounds* British brandy, or other spirits, exceeding the qv*1

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. 643

which such maker, rectifier, or compounder, ought to have remaining in flock, the officer shall immediately examine, or cause to be examined, the flock in hand of the person or persons demanding such permit as aforesaid, and whatever excess shall be found, such excess shall be seized and forfeited.

XVIII. And) to the intent that the officers of ex rife may the letter guard against and discover any illicit practices the

duties upon worts, wash, and other liquors, granted by this ariy be it further enacted, That the officers of excise shall, within Officer#, once thirty, days after the day of the passing of this act, and so after- in 3° day#, to wards once in every thirty days at the least, and oftener when cooiuofttie occasion shall require, or when directed by any principal or ge- stock of all neral officer of excise, or by the surveyor or supervisor of the distillers for district, take an account of the flock of all distillers and |?ome con* makers of British spirits for home consumption, and also of the of^raJr raw or unrectified flock of all dealers in spirits for home con- stockof deal-fumption, (such distillers, makers, or dealers, not being actual ers: redlifiers or compounders of spirits;) and if, on taking the fame, the quantity of spirits in flock, added to the quantity for which permits shall have been granted since the last reckoning, shall be found to exceed the flock left in hand on the last reckoning, added to the quantity since legally made or received by permit (such flock being cast or computed at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer prooF,) the quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be seized, loft, and forfeited.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That within thirty days And also of

next after the passing of this act, and afterwards once in every the raw stock thirty days at the lead, the officers of excise shall also take an of redlifiers account of the raw or unrectified stock of every redtifier or com- and

pounder of spirits, whether he be a maker or not, and also of theirlom-his stock of all compounds, British brandy, or other fpi- pounds, &c.

rits; and if on taking such account, the flocks so taken, added

to the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been drawn by such redtifier or compounder since the last reckoning,

shall be found to exceed the former stock, and the quantity since made or received by permit, with the allowance of forty gallons as aforesaid on every one hundred gallons so made or received (casting or computing such stock at the strength of one inten* under hydrometer proof,) the compounds, British brandy, or other British spirits, so exceeding, shall be seized, loft, and forfeited.

XX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That if Directions re-

any stilt shall happen to be at work at the time of the officers of lative to iblls excise taking the stock of any distiller, maker, redtifier, or com- a* w?rk at pounder of spirits to whom such (till belongs, then, and in takinTfto'k every such case, all the spirits produced from that charge of the 5

still shall be kept separate and apart from the rest of the stock,

till the account of the rest of the stock shall have been completely taken, after which the spirits produced from the charge of the (till shall be added to the stock.

XXI. And for enabling the officers of excise the more readily

44

Standing ealki containing, raw I pirn* shall within 30 days after pading this act, or before they are used, be entered at the proper office, and gauged. Moveable casks to have their contents marked thereon,

on penalty of 501.

Moveable

ca(k9 not empty, to be filled up before officers take dock.

on penalty of sool.

Dealers, who are not rectifiers, &c. not to be allowed any increase upon (pints.

Spirits found in the possessi-on of dealers above the strength allowed by this act, to be forfeited.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4 [1784.

to tale the several accounts by this act directed, be it further enact -ed, That all standing or fixed calks, wherein any raw or unrectified spirits, compounds, British brandy, or other spirits, are kept in (lock, shall, within thirty days after the passing of this act, or if erected or set up after that time, then before the same shall be made use of, be entered at the proper office of excise, and be truly gauged and inched to the satisfaction of the principal or general officer of excise, or of the fufveyor or supervisor of excise for the distridfc; and that every rrioveable calk, used for the purpose of fending out or keeping of raw or unrectified spirits, compounds, British brandy, and other spirits, by any maker, redtifier, compounder, or dealer in British spirits for home consumption, shall have its full contents in gallons legibly marked on some conspicuous part thereof, upon pain that! the owner of any moveable calk so used, not being so marked, shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for every such de- fault or omission.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if a previous notice

of twelve hours, in writing, be given or left by the officer of excise, of his intention to take any stock of raw or unredtifed spirits, compounds, British brandy, or other spirits, by virtue of this act, the owner thereof shall forthwith fill up, or cause to be filled up, all such of his moveable calks as shall not be left empty, except that he may leave one ulage of each respective fort or species of compounds, British brandy, or other spirits, to the intent that such officer may be able to take such stock with the greater ease and certainty; and the owner of any such stock refuting# neglecting so to do, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no dealer in (pints, not being also a maker or redtifier of spirits for home consump* tion, shall be allowed any increase upon any spirits whatsoever; and if, on taking an account of the stock, there shall be found aot raw or unrectified spirits of a greater strength than that of 00c to ten over hydrometer proof, or any British brandy, or compounds of any kind, above the strength of one inten under hydrometer proof, (save only and except spirits of wine, which are herein before otherwise provided for,) the same shall bs respectively seized and forfeited.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, on taking the stock of any dealer in spirits, not being an adtuil redtifier or compounder, any British spirits, or compounds, or British brandy, (excepting spirits of wine received by lawful permit under this act,) or any mixture of British spirits, compounds, or British brandy with foreign spirits, shall be found in his custody, exceeding the strength of one inten under hydrometer proof, the same shall be deemed British spirits illicitly obtained, and shall be seized and forfeited.

XXV. And^ to the intent that no allowance may he madey r

permits granted, to any person or p calling themselves

dr compounders for file, but not being known and actual reftijters cr

compounders, Jor any increase which such person may matt

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto ©borgii III.xj. 46. ^645

dn theirflockby itxrttr^ be It fnrtfecf’efnk<sted, Th*t no dealer, or who that! bo other person, shall be deemed to be a rectifier or compounder deemed rec-of British spirits within the purvieu or frnfent of thin a<SI, who tlficr* or corn*

shall not. have an entered still, capable of containing in the body ^ti^spiriti* thereof, exctofive of the head, one hbndfced and twenty gallons F at the leaift, nor un-left such (till shall have suitable tubs and worm* affixed thereto, and shall be really artel bona ed for

there&ifyrng of Britishspirits for sale. i

XXVI. And) to thi intent that tin officers of may the more tonveniently examine into, and give proof (if necessary) of

find quality of any compounds, British bor other spirits for

- home consumption, be it further enacted, That it shall and miy Officer* may

be lawful to and for the officers of excise, at all times, to take take temples samples, not exceeding four gallons respectively, of any com- tht

pounds, British brandy, or other spirits whatever; upon pay- fai£c. 0

ment after the rate of seven shillings per gallon for fpi-

rita, and of thirteen shillings per gallon for foreign (pints* -

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no maker, redli- In whatfized for; or compoita<]|pr of spirits, shall receive into his stock Or and at possession any raw or unte&ifted spirits in any cask or vessel of J* iraj*s mw*b« a less size or content than that of one hundred gallons at the received by-lead; nor shall any rectified or unrectified spirits* or any com- diitiliers, r«c« pounds, or British brandy, be received by any distiller, redbfier ofiert,

or compounder, or by any dealer in spirits, at any other time than between the hours herein-asser mentioned; that is to say, from the twenty-fifth day of March, to the twenty-ninth day of September, both indufive, between the hours of five in the morning and fevert in the everting; and from the thirtieth day of September, to the twenty-fourth day of March, both inclu-

five, between the hours of seven io the morning and fix in the evening; and when and fooften as any raw or unrectified spirits shall be received in any calk or Vessel of a less content or size than such as is before described, or if any raw or unredVi-fied spirits, or any compounds, or British brandy, shall be received at any other hour than as herein-before for that purpose is limited, such compounds, British brandy, and other spirits shall be seized and forfeited,

XXVIII. And whereas great fraud: are daily committed by dif-

tillers fraudulently conveying wash into their and the officers of

excise are not sufficiently enabled to discover the by reafoti

of the number of pipes and conveyances which communicate with the charging pipe; now, the better to enable the officers of excise to detest such frauds in future, be it enacted, That no distil- After Oct. U Jcr of spirits* whether for home consumption or exportation, no dif-shall, from and after the first day of October, one thousand J^re than one seven hundred and eighty-four, have or keep any pipe or con- pipe leading veyknee leading to his wash still, save and except the known to his waflt charging pipe or conveyance leading from his known and en- Mb tered wash back or backs, and which said pipe or conveyance shall empty itself into a (hute, open trunk, or vessel, at a dif-tanfce not exceeding six feet from the still* and of the following

- Vol. XXXIV. X x dimen-

Penalty Officers may

646 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. [1784.

Dimensions dimensions; (that is to say,) at lead four feet in length, two feet in width, and two feet in depth; from which shute, open trunk, or vessel, the conveyance pipe, into the walh still, shall be in a hraight line; on pain of forfeiting for every other pipe or conveyance erected, set up, kept, or continued, the sum of two hundred pounds: and, to the end that the officers of excise may be able to tahe, examine, and ascertatn the quality of take a*fampie all wash, or other liquors intended to be conveyed into the still of the walh. or hills of every distiller or maker of low wines and spirits, whether for home consumption or exportation, such officer) are hereby empowered, as often as to them, or any one of them, shall seem expedient, to take a sample or samplesoftbe wash or liquid while in fermentation, or during its conveyance to the wash hill or hills, not exceeding twelve gallons at any ' one time, on paying after the rate of one shilling and fixpeace per gallon for the same.

The provi-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every thedaa* fioiu contain- provj(jons> restrictions, powers, authorities, and diredioo), enacted, provided, granted, and contained in and by an afi is Geo. 3. c. the twelfth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, AnaRfvb 46; more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of stf

respect to teaffoap, low winesand spirits; or in and by an act*

and 14 Geo. the fourteenth year of his Majehy’s reign, intituled,

3*c- 73» extend so much of on act passed in the twelfth year of there?

of his present Majesty, as relates to or makers

wines and spirits from to every kind of adj*

the more effectual securing the revenue of artfing low wines and spirits; and for ascertaining the allowance ti made to the manufacturers of wool and in of*

duties on soap imported and used in the woollen and linen mm}' so far as re- tures;so far as the same relate to or concern the finding, p? Utes topro- viding, and affixing any locks, keys, or fahenings to thefar* tiding lock* nace $oors, wash pumps, hill head, and charge and difehu? furnace doors, cock, of any wash hill, and to the head and discharge cod® hill head. &c. any low wine hill for the making of spirits for home confufflf tion, and for the securing, locking up, and use thereof respS' lively; and the powers, authorities, and directions thereby* spectively given to the officers of excise for the opening & (hutting of the furnace doors, and hill heads, and cocks, p for enforcing a due obedience to the said acts, in respeh to& matters aforesaid, under the several pains and penalties therdf respectively impoied and inflicted for any disobedience or 0? lect concerning the same, shall be, and the same are hereby*? enacted and declared to extend to all furnaces, walh pu# for exScrta^ an<* dihillers and makers of low wines and spirits H

tion. ^exportation.

naM,u, XXX. Andy for enabling the officers of excise the

in titled to any 2?* against any fraud in the charge of the wash

allowance for tilling of low wines and spirits for exportation under a frtfa increaseof of such charge having been increased by water or

walh in the therewith \ be it further enacted, That no distiller or ©itef \

c Ip

extended to distillers of low wines, &c.

m.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4 $47

spirits for exportation shall have or be intitled to any allowance, for or under any pretence of any increase by water or any other fluid mixed with the wash put into the (till; but the whole charge of the (till shall be considered as wash, and the distiller or maker shall, in respect of the said charge, produce to the proper officer the several and respective quantities and proportion of spirits specified and directed in and by an act of the twenty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, for, (amongst other things) the better and more effectually the revenue

of excise, and of the inland duties under the management the -miff oners of excise, and for preventing frauds, under the pains and penalties in and by the said act directed and provided in that behalf.

XXXI. And whereas distillers and makers of, having Preamble, rt* made entry of their JlilUhouses, have sometimtsfor illicit purposes Come-

withdrawn such entry, although their utensilS for brewing and fer~ timeTwith-

meriting wort, wq/h, or other liquors, and for difilling, draw their cn*

have been left sanding, or in such a fate as to be readily tries whiUt

verted again to thofjt uses: and whereas there is reason to suspect that great quantities of spirits have been made in the

dif illers and makers of spirits, without the knowledge of the officers eif excifiand that such spirits have been afterwards or

clandestinely removed, and the duties chargeable thereon evaded: and whereas such distillers and makers of spirits, disregarding the smalt

and inadequate penalty provided by law forrefufing access by night to the officers of excise, have many times excluded and prevented any officer from entering their respective still-houses in the

whereby opportunities have been obtained of defrauding his Majesty of a considerable part of the duties upon low wines and spirits: and whereas no provison is made by law, whereby any excise officer can or may, in the night-time, have access to the entered premi/es of the

maker of spirits for home consumption, but in the presence of a -

fable, or peace officer;and by means of the frequent difficulty of finding any such officer in the night, as well as of the smallness rf the penalty which be incurs by his refusal to attend the officer of excise ‘for fitch purposes when required, the affifiante of such peace officer can jddom be obtained5 be it further enacted, That no distiller. No distiller to; or maker of spirits for home consumption, shall be allowed to withdraw hit withdraw or discontinue his or her entry of any still-house or hoofe&c. store-house, whilst any duty therein shall be depending, or any whitft any uteri ills for brewing, fermenting, or distilling, shall be (land- duty it doing; and that it shall and may be lawful for any officer pending,or. or officers of excise, belonging to thediftri&, to enter by night, *stand* as well as by day, by the uiual or most accustomed doors or Q passages, into all entered still-houses, and all other places inter y

where urenftls for brewing, fermenting, or distilling, are stand- houses by ing, belonging to any distiller or maker of low wines and fpi- night, at well rits for horine consumption or exportation; and if any person or a*day*, persons shall wilfully obstruct any such officer or officers of excise £cr*j?"s obJ* frOQ? having free ingress and regress into and from any such entered still-house or place, every such person shall, for every such

X x 2 offence.

entries from home consumption to exportation

Persons knrow. ingly permitting any private back or

48. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. [1784.

offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and after any obstruction, it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer or officers of excise, together with proper assistance, to break open by force, any doors leading or belonging to such entered still-house, or place, or any of the windows thereof, or to break through any of the walls, so'far as is necessary for ob-JDiftiUers may taining entrance thereinto: provided always, That nothing change their herein*contained shall extend, or be construed to dxiend, to prevenf any distfiler from changing his entry for the making tof Spirits for home consumption, to an entry for making of spirits for exportation, or from changing his entry for the making of spirits for exportation, to an entry for making of spirits for home consumption, so that every new entry for the respective purposes aforesaid be made on the fame day whereon such distiller shall have withdrawn or discontinued his former entry

but if the new entry shall not be made,on the fame day in which the former entry shall be withdrawn^ fitch former entry shall remain and continue in full force,

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person actually occupying any house, whether he or she be the owner or renter thereof, shall knowingly permit any private back or ftiB ftilfto be used to be set up and used in any part of such house, or in any in their building thereto belonging, by any person or persons whatso* houses, shall ever, for the making of wort, wash, or other liquor for distil-penalties as"1 ^at*on> or of any low wines or spirits, without a due entry being

the persons previously made thereof at the proper office of excise, as is by

using the fame. law required, such occupier shall incur and be subject to the same pains and penalties as are by law directed to be indited ,. on thor person or persons actually using any such back or still. de^-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all arrack and ed, to be va-" rum> ai}d a^ home made and foreign brandy, compounds, and other spirits, of what kind soever, which shall be feiwed and

condemned as forfeited, under any former act or this present a(5t, shall be valued by such persons, and in such maimer and form respectively, as the commissioners of excise, in cases 0 seizure made by their officers, and as the commissioners of his foeOively shall Majesty's customs, in case of seizure made by officers of the cuRoms, ftwll respectively dire#; and, after such valuation, the Ym fame shall be (laved and utterly defftoyed^ and that, on the officer or officers who seized the fame producing a satisfadary certificate or proof of such valuation and condemnation, and the destroying such brandy, compounds, or other spirits, unto the said com mifiiotiers, they are hereby respectively authorized and required to dire# the receiver*general of the duties of excise, or the receiver-general of the Customs, its the case may be, to pay out of the duties in their receipt and collections, unto amount of his the seizing officer or officers, the amount in value of his or share otaht their shares of such condemned and destroyed brandy, compounds, or other spirits, according to the valuation thereof made as aforesaid, exclusively of the duties for the fame; any law* statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

u XXXIV.

lued by such persons, Sec. as the commissioners of excise and customs re-

Receiver general to pay to the seizing officer the

value.

1y84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4 64

XXXIV. And whereas a manufacture of /pints, commonly called From Nov. 1, Maidstone Geneva, was formerly eflabUJhedat Maidstone Kent 1784* George by George Bishop of that place, which is essentially of

different from any, other manufacture offpir i in Great Britain, as y,ahe

well with respect to the quality of the liquor as to the process by following duty which it is made: and whereas the said requires so for the M:id«

large a proportion of wash to produce a given quantity of spir its, as to fton€ Geneva: render it impossible to revive the said ma, if the rate of duty prescribed by this act be collected on each gallon of the wash; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, during the continuance of this act, there shall be paid by the said For every 7* George Bishop, for every (evenly-two gallons of wash which he gallons of shall produce from a weight of malt, or other corn, not exceed- prodoc* ing one hundred and twelve pounds, the sum of fifteen (hill- pounds oV^ ines, being at the rate of two-pence halfpenny per gallon. malt,5cc! 15s.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for every one sfx gallons of hundred and twelve pounds of malt, or other corn, so used, the (pints to be said George Bishop shall be allowed a credit, in the books of ahowed by the the proper officer of excise, of not more than fix gallons of fpi-

rits, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That before the said George Bishop George Bishop shall make use of any malt or corn, for the pur- to give ix pose of making any worts or wash, he shall give twelve hours hour# notice notice in writing to the proper officer of excise of his intention

to use the fame, in order that the said officer may attend to malt,&c. weigh such malt or corn; and if the said George Btfbop__(k\2\\ neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, he shall; for every on penalty of such neglect, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds. 5001*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose George Bishop of enabling any officer of the district to ascertain the strength to provide a r of the wash on which the duty as aforesaid shall have been charged, the said George Bishop shall provide, in the said distil- jj"*r to de-lery noufe, a small still, with a worm and tub compleat, of a termine the size sufficient to distill, at one time, twenty-four gallons of strength of wash; which quantity of wash such officer is hereby empower- fficwa(hf

cd to take and distill for the purpose aforesaid, when and so often as he shall think fit; and if the twenty-four gallons of wash so distilled, shall be found to produce more than two gallons of spirits, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, then the whole quantity of wash from which such twenty-four gallons were taken, shall be charged with a duty of ten-pence per gallon.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such of the Duties to be rates and dutes by this act granted, as shall arise and become under the unpayable in England or Wales, or the town of Berwick upon {he commif/ Tweed, shall be under the receipt and management of the com- fioners of ex-missioners and officers of his Majesty's revenue of excise in - cifein England for the time being* and that all such of the said rates and hind and duties by this act granted, as shall arise and become payable in j Scotland, shall be under the receipt and management the J*

X X 3 COm-

and paid at such times as the duties hereby dif*

650 Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGII III. C. 4 f 1784J

commissioners and officers of his Majesty's revenue of excise in Scotland for the time being; and the said commissioners of excite*

' or the major part of them, within their respective departments

or jurisdictions, shall be, and are hereby respectively empowered, by commission under their respective hands and seals, to constitute and appoint under them such officers as shall be necessary in that behalf; and all the monies to arise from the said rates and duties shall, from time to time, during the said space or term of two years, be paid, collected, and received at such continued are respective times as the aforesaid duties upon low wines and fpi-directed to be r;ts made for home consumption, and hereby discontinued, Pa,d* have usually been, or ought to have been, or are directed to be

Monies anting paid, collected, and received; and all the monies whatsoever arif* from the du- ing from the rates and duties granted by this act shall, according ties how to be to the judgement of the said commissioners of excise in England 1C ' and Scotland, within their respective departments for the time being, or the major part of them, be by them ordered, appropriated, paid, and applied, in a due and just proportion, to and for the several and the same uses and purposes as the said rates and duties on low wines and spirits were, by the several acts for granting, imposing, or appropriating the fame, directed to be appropriated and applied respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, by any act of parliament now in force relating to his Majesty's revenues of excise upon spirituous liquors or strong waters, made in Gnat Britain for home consumption, are provided, settled, or efta-

"appHed in for securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying,

executing this coileding, paying, recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the ad* rates, duties, or penalties, thereby granted or directed, and for

preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relative thereto, (not being expressly altered, repealed, changed, or controukd by this act,) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the rates, duties, penalties anid forfeitures, herein-before imposed, granted, or made payable by this act, and for deteding, preventing, and punishing fraud relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and par-poses, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were herein repeated and re-enacted.

1 XL. And be it further enacted, That if any action or fuh shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done, by any officer or officers of excise or customs, or any others acting in his or their aid, in execution of, or by reason of his or their office, under the authority or by colour of this act» such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall have arifon, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or

tried

Powers and penalties of former acts relative to spirituous liquors for home con-

limitation of action*.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto GeoRQII III. C. 4.6. 651

tried in the county or place where the facts were committed, and not in any other county or place; and the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general issue, and give the General issue. special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; ~ and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, or if, upon a verdict or demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedies for the fame, as any de- Treble costs, fendant or defendants can or may have in other cases where cods are given by law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- person Ions shall obstruct, assault, refid, oppose, moled, or hinder any obstructing an officer or officers of excise, in the due execution of the several officer in the powers and authorities given or granted to such officer or offi- J^UaS^all cers, by this or any other act now in force relating to distillers, forfeit tool, rectifiers, or compounders of British spirits for home, or for exportation, or to fellers of, or dealers in, brandy, arrack, rum, or other spirits or drong waters; every person or persons so offending, shall (except in such case for which other penalties are herein-before directed) forfeit and lose, for every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and Penalties and forfeitures imposed by this a dt(and not herein-before otherwise forfeitures directed) shall befued for, recovered, and levied by such ways, covered^an?* means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or applied, may be sued for, recovered or levied, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminste, if the matter shall arise in England or Walt*, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed* or in the court of exchequer in Scotla, if the matter shall arise in that part of the united kingdoms; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to him* her, or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No person to person who shall be sued or prosecuted for any of the penalties be prosecuted given by this act, shall be prosecuted for the fame offence under any former act!; nor shall any person v^ho shall be sued or e cc" prosecuted for the penalty given by any former act, be prosecuted again for the fame offence by virtue of this present act, or of any thing herein contained.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall com- Commence-mence and take effect, as to all such matters and things there-in contained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

XLV. And whereas it has been found by, that the laws

and regulations established by the several ft, made in behalf of the distillery of com spirits, have not produced the intended effsft*

XX4 either

r

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III% C. 46, [ly&v

either to the publick revenue, or to the in counties or 5

districts of the Highlands, i that part of Great Britain

Scotland; and that upon account of the inferior quality of the grain: produced in the places and limits the mountainous fur-

face thereof,"and the nature of the fuel: and whereas the fongoing regulations and provif, by the present fatute enabled* would be equally defective in their application to, or execution the said districts, as the laws already fubffling have hitherto proved \ be Prom 0£. 1, it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and* i7*4t com- after the first day of October, one thousand seven "hundred and exclie^n eighty-four, it mall be lawful to the commissioners, or the ma-I *,<] may jor Pjrt of lhem, by commission under their hands, of his Ma-P 'v-i such jesty’s excise, in the said part of Great Britain called

p -i cy nr-t'-vithstanding the several former acts and ilatutes which do in^e,‘ at Pre^cnt lubfill in behalf of, or in relation to, the distilling or Ii.i uhnd manufacturing spirits from corn, and also notwithstanding the counties to provisoes and regulations herein-before enabled, to authorize credt and and empower such number of persons as they shall judge proper Wpik dills. expedient, within the Highland parishes and districts of the several counties of Orkney,

Argyle, Bute, Sterling, Lanark, 1

far, Kincardine, Bamff, \Nairn, and Murray, to erect, keep, and work dills, the cubit contents of which, when the heads are on, may contain twenty gallons of measure, and of no

greater size or content, or of any number of gallons under the iaid content, (except, in consequence of the population and quantity of grain in any particular parish or district, it may appear necessary to the said commHIioners to licence a dill or dills from twenty to thirty gallons, and of no greater size or content), together with all necessary implements proportioned to the same, and to distill or draw off spirits from the barley, bear, or big, of the growth of the said parishes or districts, for one year, and for no longer or shorter space, from the date of the commission i or licence, and so from year to year thereafter; and in such commission or licence to fix and ascertain the bounds and limits, of the particular district within which the licence is to have putv to be effect; which persons so licensed shall, upon delivery of the paid by such said commissions, be obliged to pay into the receipt of the ge-?v'ron3* neral excise, in the city of, the sum of twenty (hil-

lings for each English gallon of the content of such dill specified by him, for the endurance of one year, in place of all rates or duties whatsoever by this or any former act imposed upon distillers, or upon any materials or produce of distillation.

XLVI. And, in regard the said privilege and exlmption is hereby granted for the purpose of promoting agriculture and improvement, for ajflfling to rear:and support cattle, and for accommodating the inhabitants of the said places, parishes, and dtflrifls, with spirits drawn from their own grain at moderate rates, so as all pretence for the, commission of frauds' againJi his Majestys revenue may be removed: therefore, in order to prevent all such frauds, and the abu(e$ ot thp said privilege and exemption; be it enacted bj the autho-

- xity

I7&4*] Anno,vicesimo quarto Georgii III. ^46. 65j

rity aforesaid, That it ftuall not be lawful or allowable to the Commission-said commissioners to grant licences under this a# to any person not to or persons who are tenants or taxmen, unless such person or to* enants^ persons shall produce, with their application a certificate sub- u^iefe*hey feribed by their real landlord or landlords, and also by a justice produce a cer-of peace of the county where they live, recommending him, tificate of re-her, or them, as proper persona to receive such licences. commenda-

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- ^"lords, said, That it shall not be lawful to any person or persons what- No "

soever, within any of the places, parishes, or districts (b de- within the said feribed, (excepting those who shall be licensed or commissioned difrrifts (exin manner before directed, or distillers regularly entered, accord- cePt those to ing to the general laws of excise), to extra# or distill any low wines or spirits, from barley, corn, or grain of any kind, or a&t to other materials, by any method or process whatsoever, or to diitill any low have in his, her, or their custody, any worm or ftiil commonlytwines or fpu used in distilling corn spirits, or any wash, low wines, or other rit8* prepared materials for distillation.

XLVIII. Andy for preventing offrauds and offence against the-

prohibitions hereby made \ be it further enacted by the authority Any person aforesaid, That whatever person or persons shall be convicted convicted of of extracting or distilling any fp’uits from corn or other mate- -^1, o?hh5ine rials, or of having in his, her, or their custody, any worm or any (tin,

(till commonly used in distilling corn spirits, he, she, or they in his poflef-/hall forfeit and lole the sum of one hundred pounds for each fi°n» ^all for* offence; one moiety of which shall belong to the poor of the feit ,001* parish in which such offence shall be committed, and be paid to the kirk treasurer or other receiver of charities, upon their, account, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform of, and sue for the fame; and further, the ftiil, and also the worm, batch, and whole other utensils found therewith, and ftd^worn^&c, belonging thereto, lha.ll be forfeited and seized, and the value thereof divided by equal moieties; one moiety to the said poor of the parish, and the other moiety to the informer or prosecutor, in the same manner as is directed to be done with the said fine or penalty; and further, in case the said person or persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the said penalty when demanded, hen the household furniture, implements, crop, and cattle, of he person or persons so convicted, shall be taken in execution, tnd fold for payment of the said fine, the charges of recovery, ind of making good the fame, without regard to any right the andlord or other party may have or pretend to have therein, ipon any account whatever; and in case no fqch effects be ff the effect» bund, or that the effe#s a#ually found shall not produce the of the offender mount of the said penalty and charges, then the heritors of cfent^helwri-he parish in which the offence has been committed, shall be tors of the pal obliged to pay the whole of the said penalty, of to majke up the rift ftali/up-leficiency thereof, as the'ease may happen; as also in the cases PlY the deficit vhere the said heritors shall be liable or subje#ed, it shall be*ncy* optional to the board of excise in Sc, or to the prose-utor at whose instance execution i (fried, to sue. any three of

tht

54- Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4 [1784.

the said heritors they or he may jridge proper, for payment of the said fine, or remainder of fine, and charges attending the fame; and the heritors making payment shall have recourse and relief against all the other heritors in the said parish, and each of the said heritors shall pay according to the proportions, and in the fame method, as that by which the stipend of the minister is levied and paid; providing also, that the person who holds the execution or diligence against the said effects, and is in titled to levy the said line, may bring his action, and is to have execution against any three of the said heritors, jointly or severally, for payment of the sums due; and upon payment thereof^ the said heritors shall have recourse against the other heritors of the parish for their respective proportions of the said Heritors,upon sum; and the said heritors, upon payment, shall have a&ton Payment.»015111 against the person and property of the principal offender; which aeafnft the offender upon suffering himself to be imprisoned therefore (hah principal of not be entitled to the benefit of cejjio honor um, neither shall the tender*, burghs be at liberty to discharge the said person or persons, in virtue of the act of the parliament of, commonly called The AR of Grace, or any other privilege of the law, but the hid

persons shall suffer imprisonment as fraudulent offenders against, and debitors to, his Majesty's revenue; as also providing that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners of excise, by the tenor of the licences to be by them granted, to restrict the person or persons, receivers of the fame, to relide in such particular places of the said counties, places, or districts, as to the said commissioners shall seem proper for answering the purposes hereby intended, the said places being always at the distance of ten miles, (according to the computation of the country), n Licensed per- the least, from any entered or exciseable distillery; and the per-fa*, 10 days Tons so licensed by them shall be obliged, ten days before the befort the ex- expiration of the current commission, to renew the fame, and, thei^commis-to PaY the monies respectively due therefor 5 providing, that ia 6on, to renew case the persons so authorized shall neglect to take out new coo* the fame. millions as is hereby directed, and continue notwithstanding to On failure distill (pints, such persons shall forfeit and lose the sum of one thereof, and hundred pounds, and shall not be capable of being again liceof-otdifhUm CCto cc*» an<* commi®oners shall authorize other persons in their forfeit iooi*° P^aces > providing also, that in the cases where new commissioos shall be issued to other persons, upon account of the neglect of the distiller formerly licensed, such person, if alive, or, if deceased, his heirs, executors, or other representatives, shall be obliged to deliver up the still and other implements belonging thereto, to the excise officer of the district, upon payment of the value thereof, to be determined by any two of the nearest justices of the peace resident at the time, one to be named by the officer, and the other by the said person or his representatives; and, upon the delay or refusal of such delivery or nomination of a justice, it shall be lawful for the officer to fetze upon the said still and implements, and to have the fame valued by any two justices of peace in the bounds, and to consign the value

thereof

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46.

thereof in the hands of the sheriff clerk, or the clerk of the peace of the county, to be by them made forthcoming to the persons having right, at their own risk; and the said (fill and implements are to be at the disposal of the commissioners of excise.

XLIX. And) fill more effectually to the purposes before

expressed', be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no spirits manufactured by such licensed ditiller shall be exported, or carried, or fold, out of the bounds of the several counties, districts, parities, or places before described; and in case any such spirits shall be found out of the said bounds, the same shall be, ipfofaftOy forfeited, and are hereby directed to be seised,

and treated according to the rules of excise in common cases of forfeiture; providing also, that it shall not be lawful to the said licensed ditillers to keep, have, or use more than one til), or to remove the same to any other place, contrary to the tenor or direction of their respective licences; as also that it shall not be lawful for such licensed ditillers to use or consume any other grain than the growth or produce of the parish or district (to be mentioned and described in the licence to be taken out in manner aforesaid) where he resides; neither shall it be lawful to him, her, or them, to purchase spirits from one another, or to purchase or receive into their tock, spirits made by any other persons whateverj and in case of any offence againt this prohibition, and due conviction thereof, the said persons shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety to the informer 5 and further, that the said distillers, upon such conviction, shall lose the benefit of his, her, or their licences, and be incapable of having the fame renewed, and shall also forfeit his, her, or their (till and implements, the value whereof shall be divided between the poor of the parish and the informer, in the same manner as the penalty aforesaid; which penalties are to be levied upon the goods of the distillers, and, failing of goods sufficient for the purpose, their persons are to be imprisoned and detained, without the benefit of ceffto bonorum, or the act for the relief of the royal burghs, commonly called The Act of, or other relief whatever: providing also. That if any such licensed tenant, possessor, or taxman of land, shall be convicted of wilfully keeping or working a (till larger, or of more content, than is specified in his licence, or of keeping or working two or more (tills, contrary to the foregoing prohibition, then, and in that case, the immediate landlord or proprietor of the ground or place upon which the said fraud has been committed, shall be obliged' to make good the penalty or remainder thereof, after the sale of the offender’s goods in manner before mentioned, reserving to the said landlords due relief against the persons and properties of their said offending tenants, in the same manner as is herein-before provided for relief of the heritors of parishes against un-icensed and fraudulent distillers within their bounds.

L» And

*55

No spirits manufactured by licensed distillers to be carried oat of the said bounds.

No licensed distiller to keep more than one (HI!, or to remove the fame, See,

nor to purchase spirits made by any other person, on penalty of look

If any such licensed tenant shall be convicted of keeping a (till larger than it sperified in hit licence, '&c. the landlord of the ground shall make good the penalty, after sale of the offender’s goods,

gjg Anno vicesimo quarto GEOAQilllL, 4^ [1784.

Commission- L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesakfi ert may with- That it shall be lawful to the said commissioners of excise to draK li<?*fCe# withdraw all or any of the licences granted by them at any bmq Uoo. rdl Cfr they shall judge proper, or to refuse to renew or continue thq fame: providing, That if such licences shall be withdrawn dur^ ing the currency thereof, without any fault or offence proven; upon the holder thereof, he, she, or they, shall be intitled to be repaid of a proportion of the monies advanced by them, cor-: respOndent to the time which may be unexpired at the notice of such licence being withdrawn; but the (fill and implements are, in that case, to be given up, valued, and paid for, as above directed.

LI. Andy in the laji place y for punishing, and encouraging the diligent officers of within the counties before Oflficefs disco- scribed,be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any offi-

verinr unH- cer shall discover and seize unlicensed dills, or dills kept by per-Ceiru f#> ^ons ^'cen^ greate* content than twenty, gallons, creator con- measure, or otherwise, as is before-mentioned, when the heads tent than ao are on as aforesaid, or more than one dill in the custody of fudi gallons, &c. person, or give information of such frauds, so as the offenders intitled to a may convicted thereof, such officer shall be intitled to a re* reward ot 10 l warcj tcn p0Un(js derling for every dill so seized, or information given, to be paid him with the next salary due, and tte sum of five pounds shall be deduced out of the salary of the ' officer who did duty for three months in the said district preceding, and in whose time the said frauds were committed, sod allowed to remain undiscovered.

Treasury to

LII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tie ordercommif- commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or moreef sioners ot cx- or the j0rd high treasurer for the time being, shall, iaw

UpCan account mediately after the passing this act, direct the Commissioners foe of the produce managing his Majesty's revenue of excise, to cause to be madi of the duties up an account of the net produce of the several and respediw hereby repeal- duties of excise repealed by this act for seven years, ended tfat years^with a <*ay of 7Uone thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, medium with a medium taken of the fame; and the said commissiontfi

thereof. of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high tres-

surer for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue their warrant to the said commissioners of excise, directing and requiring them to cause their proper officers to distrifante and apportion the monies which shall be paid to the receiver general of excise, for the duties granted by this act, in the fol-Monies to be lowing proportions; that is to say. As the annual medium of paid to the each district and respective duty hereby repealed^ separately coai-ra^by^f^tue puted 0X1 l^e aVjerage &ven years as aforesaid, is to the tod

of this act of the income of all the duties hereby repealed, computed on

how to be diC. the fame average of (even years as aforesaid, so shall the fun, fnbuted. which shall be applied in each week for each separate and di-

ftind duty of excise by this act repealed, be to the total produce in the fame week of the duties hereby granted; and the said receiver general is hereby authorised, directed, and required.

" ' to

1 Anno vicesimo quarto O*0*gii HI. c. 4.6;

the rdpcAive foms that will arise, according to the pro*

ns to be taken, as aforesaid, imo the receipt of his Ma- '

exchequer, to be ifibed and applied to the feteral fends, er to make good the several and respective charges, which id repealed duties were directed by tho several a<5fc of parent for granting or continuing the fame, are direaed to be d and applied 5 and die auditor of the receipt of his M* Auditorof the; exchequer, and all ‘other officers and perfofts Concerned exchequer, e issuing or applying the said duties are hereby directed equired to keep the said proportional sums diffindt and from aH other duties and revenues, and to distribute, issue, other dutieC pply the same to the respeiUve funds, and to satisfy the and to apply ii charges to which the duties hereby repealed were appli- lhtai in,lke, together with all arrears of the said repealed duties in the ISScSod*di?* manner as those duties have heretofore been kTued and tieTT c ed. * *1 '

II. And whereas Arthur Forbes c/Culloden* in* the Treasury im-verness, esquire, is possessed of an exemption from the duties of powered to

forth of or growing due unthin the lands of Fdrintrish, in the lgrte with ountjy under a certain lease, sett, or farm which was ^a^m*

ed by several acts and declarations of the parluMfetet ^Scotland pensation to"

? the union; which exemption bath been found highly detrimental &e made him 'revenue of ex rife, and prejudicial to the di/Ulkry fn ether parts cxsmP-otland, and it is therefore become mcessary that the fame Jbauld duSefo^v* tinguished and made void, upon a fin tablecempehfarion to he cHe Within for the same to the proprietor of the said lands \ be it enacted, certain lands, t the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall, at they are hereby authorised and impowered to treat, con- *oyecl by him*

, and agree with the said Arthur Forbes upon the amount U ie compensation to be made in lieu and discharge of the ex- SSLXfudi tion so daimed, and at present enjoyed by httitf; and that, compensation, e said lords commissioners of the treasury, and the said Ar- Ume shall Forbes, his heirs or assigns, shall come to* any agreement the

my such Compensation, the same shall be paid by the com-ioners of excise in Scotland for the time being* our of the re- Scotland jes of excise under their colleaion and management, unto Butin case the said Arthur Forbes, his heirs or assigns, in futh thanner and cannot n as the said lords commissioners mall, in and by any con- a£reo>the ba* t or agreement, or any warrant or warrants under their S^'io ds* order and direct; and the said commissioners of excise Scotland, up-hereby required to make such payment accordingly} and on appfccat&n r if the said lords commissiohefs shall not bo able to agr'ee made

I the said Arthur Forbes, Ms heir$ or assigns, ih i*eJfeect to amount of such compensation, tlion, and in that case, it dirttt to be

II and may be lawful to and dor the barons thb court of tried. by a hequer in Scotland, upon any application to ht made to the fp^Ajury,

1 court after the first day of January, one thousand feren hun- tLi/co*'?* d and eighty five, by motion on the behalf of his Majesty, See. the*/ helfs and successors, or by a<jy motion or petkron by or on mount of the lalf of the said Arthur Forbes* his heirs or afligris, to award COmPcnNation direct tQ be tried at thfe bar of the said court, by a (pedal t^be^lely

jury the crowd in

658 Anno vicesimo quart* Georgii III. c+46. [1784.

difcfaarge of jury of the city and county of Edinburgh, to be iaapmoeUed and the find ex- sworn for that especial ptirpolc, or to award any spedal com* caption» million forth of the said court of exchequer for making an in* quell, by a jury of lawful men of the fame city and county to be impannelled and sworn, the quantum or amount of the compensation or satisfaction which ought to be made and paid by the crown, in lieu and discharge of the said lease, sett, or exemption, regard being had to its circumstances, duration, and and after par* extent, as proved before the said inquest; and that, from and ment thereof, after the payment to the fai his heirs or assigns,

therFoiSet compensation to be paid as aforesaid, the said

his heirs, &c. Forbes, or tfcpfe claiming under him, and the heritors, pro-

shall pay facti prietors, occupiers, and inhabitants of the said lands shall, at duties of ex- all times thereafter, pay such and the fame duties of excise nos oerfonTia cxl*nS» arl^ hereafter to be imposed, as any other person of Jutland. persons, within that patt of Great Britain called are

and (half be liable to pay; and that all acts of parliament non in being, or hereafter to be made, for railing, levying, and securing the duties of excise in other parts of, and for

punishing frauds and abuses in relation thereto, shall from thenceforth be in full force and effect with respect to the hi Arthur Forbes, his heirs and assigns, or the heritors, proprietors, occupiers, and inhabitants of the said lands of

LIV. And whereas, by an att made in the nineteenth year of tie

Recital of 19 reign of his present Majesty, An act for granting to his

Geo. j. c. »5i Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of tbs customs and excise in Great, an additional nr doth

after the rate of five pounds per centum upon the produte of all the several subsidies, and other, under the d*

Union and management of the commissioners of the customs in Great Britain, upon any goods and merchandizes imported into, or expand from, or carried coastwise, in Great Britain; and an add* tional duty or charge of five pounds per centum upon the, at 2d amount of all the several inland, sd

charges (except as thertin-after is excepted) then payable to bio je/ly, and which were charged and collected under the management the respective commijfmers of excise in England Scotland, wn granted to his Majesty, his heirs and succesjori: and by anther act, made in the twentieth year of his

Qto. 3. c. tuled.An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upoa malt, and upon low wines and spirits made for borne confuoop-tion, and upon foreign spirits imported into Great, aol

upon the produce of the said several duties; and for granting duty on licences to be taken out by all persons rrading in, vend* ing, or felling of coffee, tea, or chocolate; further rates ad duties were granted and imposed (amongst other toings) upon imported into Great Britain fr the over and above id

duties, charges, and imposition former act or a&t set or

pofedthereon: and whereas, by another made in the ti Gee. 3. c. year of his Majesty's reign, An act for granting to ha

MijeA]

«S9

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto G£ofeG!i III. c. 46.

Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the excise in Great Britain, a further additional duty or charge of five founds per centum was granted and upon the produce

and amount of all the several inland duties, and

charges, payable to his Majesty, and collet!e

of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland: and as,by another act* made in the twenty-second year of his reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional ands* Geo.

duties upon the produce of the several duties under the manage- c* mint of the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in Great Britain, a further additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum was imposed upon the produce and amount of all the everal inland duties, rates, impoftlions, and charges (except as therein

is excepted), payable to his Majesty, and colie tied under the management of the respective commissioners of excise and whereas it is expedient to suspend the several additional imp ofts, and

duties, by the said several recited acts imposed upon rum and other The a<jd»tio»-

spirits imported from the sugar plantations of this kingdom in the al-duties, by ~ West Indies $ be it therefore further enacted, That the feve- the recited act ral additional rates and duties, in and by the said recited act of *° Ge°j ? tho twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, granted and imposed upon rum and spirits imported into Great Britain, being of the nts imported growth, production, and manufacture of the sugar islands into Great

or sugar plantations in the West Indies; and also the said several Britain, the and respective additional imposts, duties, or charges, after the rate of five pounds per centum, imposed or granted, in and by and the aforesaid three several recited acts of the nineteenth, the the additional twenty-first, and the twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, imposts of 5 upon rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture United by the aforesaid, imported into this kingdom$ and all penalties and mited a&& of forfeitures, in respect to the said additional imposts, duties, or 19, »i, and *-charges thereby imposed on the rum and spirits aforesaid respect 3. upon tively, shall be, and the same are hereby suspended for the term of two years, from the first dry of September, one thousand seven JSnaiVieVin* hundred and eighty-four; but'such suspension shall not extend respea thereto or affelt the arrears of any of the said additional imposts,' of, shall be rates, or duties, now remaining due and unpaid, or to any pe- suspended for nalties or forfeitures incurred in respect thereof, otherwise than fa^Sept! 1, is herein after excepted. 1784.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon all such rum and spirits imported into The duties on Great Britain, being of the growth, production, apd manufacture rum» of the British sugar islands or (bgar plantations in the West Indies, £or as shall, on the (hid first day of September, one thousand seven as shall re- hundred and eighty-four, remain under his Majesty's lock, and main, on Sept, in the custody of the officers of excise, for the better security of *» in the inland duties which, before the passing of this act, would have been payable thereon, and upon which rum or spirits the to be remitted several duties of customs shall have been paid, according to the totbeproprie-rates and duties set’and imposed thereon before the passing oftor* thereof.

this

[Preamble.]

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. 0*47. [1784.

this act, the several inland duties under the management bf th( commissioners of excise, which are by this act suspended, Ail be, and they are hereby remitted to the proprietors of such run or spirits respectively, and they afe hereby discharged from th-The number payment thereof; and that the said commissioners of |5xcifi of gallons to fhaj^ as soon as conveniently may be, after the said first day 0 the Cco!nmir-to September,one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, certtfj

sioners of the to the said commissioners of the cust^ms the number of galloni cultoms; of such rum or spirits which, on the said nrft day of

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, so remained k the custody of thd officers of excise, and by whom the fame wa who are tore- distinguishing the quantity imported by each personi

pay to the im- whereupon, and upon the application of such importers, tbt porters so said commissioners of the customs shall cause to be repaid to much of the such importers respectively,' lo much of the said duties of cuf* herebyVuf-316 toms by l^em respectively paid thereupon, as are by this pended. /ufpended.,

CAP. XLVII.

An ctR for tie more efftfiud prevention of

WtlBREAS the laws heretofore and now in ferity« prevent the clandejiim importation and running of goods, and goods liable to the payment of, this

have not been sufficient to anfiver the good purposes that pernicious prafiice having of late been greatly increased ried on by large armed vessels and by numerous gangs of fat?

glers upon land, with great, in defiance of those tiki

great loss and prejudice of the, the detriment if to

fair trader, and the endangering the lives of the officers of the revnu afiing in the due execution of their duty; and it is highly and expedient, that some further provision he made tually to prevent thoj'e deft and growing evils; for renwf whereof, may it therefore please your Majesty that it mayk enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent m»* jetty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and the first day of Ofiob/r, one thousand seven hundred and eighty* four, if any ship or vessel shall be found at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, 6r withm four leagues of the coast thereof, or shall be discovered to h* been within the said limits or distande (and not proceeding03 her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unless in case or unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, of which necdlity and distrefe Jthe matter, or other person having or taking charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of customs of any port within the limits of which such ship or fel shall be found* immediately after the arrival of such ffiP0

iProm Oct. i, 17X4. if any Vessel shall be found at anchor, or hovering on the: coarts, (unless by dirtrefs of weather),

1784.] Anno Vicesimo quarto GE$rftrt! Itl. c. 47.

vessel within the limits of such port), :having on board any brandy, or other spitituous liquors, in any vessel or cask which shall not contain sixty gallons at the least, (except only for the use of the seamen then belonging to and on board such ship or vessel, not exceeding two gallons for each seaman), or having on board any wine in casks (provided such ship or vessel having wine on board shall not exceed sixty tons burthen), or having on board six pounds weight of tea, or twenty pounds weight of coffee, or having on board any goods whatsoever, liable to forfeiture, by any act of parliament, upon being imported into Great Britain, then not only all such goods, but also the ship

or vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this or any former act shall extend, or be confirued to extend, to prevent evidence from being received, in any suit or information brought for the forfeiture of any vessel, for or on account of any goods contained therein, in order to shew, from the smallness of the quantity of the said goods, and other circumstances of the case, that the said goods were on board such ship or vessel without the knowledge and privity either of the owner, or of the master, or other person having the charge or command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of reasonable care in the discharge of the duty of such owner, master, or other person having the charge or command of such vessel; and in every such cale, where proof shall be made, from the smallness of the quantity of the said goods, and other circumstances, that such small quantity was on board without the knowledge, privity, or consent, either of the owner, or the master, or other person having the charge of command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of reasonable care, either in the owner, or in the master, or other person having the command of such ship or vessel, then, and in every such case, such ship or vessel (in case the same shall exceed one hundred tons in burthen) shall not be forfeited for or on accoant of such, small quantity of goods.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any such goods, which shall be so found on board any ship or vessel within the limits or distance aforesaid, whether with or without the privity or knowledge of the master thereof, shall be forfeited; and the person or persons in whose charge or possession the said goods shall be found, shall forfeit treble the value thereof, to be recovered as herein after directed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vessels belonging in the whole, or in part, to any of his Majesty's subjedb, called, Luggers,

or Wherries, (of what built soever), and all vessels belonging

as aforesaid, 0/any other description, whose bottoms are.clench work, unless they shall be square rigged, or fitted as (loops, Vol. XXXIV. Yy with

6

having on

board any foreign spirits in aca(k which shall not contain 60 gallons, or any wine in calks, &c.

such vessel, with its cargo* shall be for- cited.

In any suit for forfeiture, evidence may be received to (how, from the small quantity of the goods, &c. that they were on board without the privity of the owner or master.- And on proof thereof, such vessel shall not be forfeited, if of more than ico tons buitheii.

Such goods found on board to be forfeited,

Certain vef-(cJs, herein described, to be forfeited.

66i Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1784.

' with (landing boltfprits; and all vessels belonging as aforeliud, the length of which shall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and an iialf to one foot in breadth; and all ships or vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed for refinance, (otherwise than is herein after excepted), which shall, after the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, 1 be found within the limits or distance herein-before described, shall be forfeited, together with all the goods, if any, which shall be laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle and furniture. Not to prevent V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex-any vessel tend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any ship or veffd cm board*nc- ^rom. having on board two carriage guns, of the calibre not exceflary arms, ceding four pounds, and small arms, not exceeding two muskets for every ten men.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority

Not to extend aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be to vessels construed to extend, to forfeit any ship or vessel which shall, on arrive from or ^e(ore day of December^ one thousand seven hundred

Kuflia before and eighty-four, arrive in Great, from any of the do*

JDec. x» 1784- tninions. of the empress of, for or on account of the built

of such ship or vessel, or for having on board arms or amnw* nition.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Other vessels the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this a<& shall extead, iVrhlu1 or k® construed to extend, to any ship or vessel on a voyage from extend. n any Part America, or th or Weji, or Africa or the

Mediterranean, so as to subject the lame to forfeiture, for or on account of her built, or for having spirits, tea, or coffee ofl board, or for having on board arms or ammunition; nor to aoy ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty's navy, victualling* ordnance, customs, excise, or post office, for or on account ot her builr, or for having on board arms or ammunition; norw any vessel whatsoever, the owjier of which shall have a licence, as herein after described and directed, for navigating the fa®* from the lord high admiral of Great, or the commifl#®* ers of the admiralty for the time being, or any person authorised by them to grant the fame, for or on account of h$r built, ot for having on board such arms or ammunition as die shall of j may be licensed to have, as herein after mentioned; nor to any lighters or barges, used solely in rivers or inland navigations; nor to any ships or vessels which shall have on board any an® or ammunition which have been regularly entered and clears at any custom-house in any of his Majesty's dominions, as met* chandize, or for the life of his Majesty's (lores or garrisons* and are regularly (lowed in the hold of such vessels, or are put®1 board for the necessary use and defence of such vessels, by 1‘* cence from the lord high admiral of Great, or the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, for or on account of such arms and ammunition; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further cnatfw.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.

That no fee, gratuity, or reward, shall be demanded or received for any licence granted in pursuance or under the authority of this act, or for registering the faipe.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owner of every ship or vessel which shall be licensed as herein-before mentioned, shall, before such ship or vessel proceeds to sea, or fails out of any port, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, bring such licence, or cause the same to be brought, to the collector, comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs for the port, harbour, or creek, from which such ship or vessel is about to fail; which said collector, comptroller, or other proper officer, is hereby required duly to register the fame, and shall also produce the same to the collector, comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs, of any and every port, harbour, or creek, at which he shall arrive.

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every licence shall specify the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and describe whether (he is a cutter, lugger, shallop, or wherry, or what fort of built (he is, and who is or are the owner or owners thereof, and for what port, harbour, or creek, (he is about to fail, and what quantity and number, and what fort of arms and ammunition (he is licenced to take and have on board $ and the owner and owners of such ship or vessel shall also give sufficient security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in double the value of such ship or vessel, to be approved of by and to the satisfaction of such collector, comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs 5 with condition that the said ship or vessel shall not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea or foreign spirituous liquors, or any prohibited or other goods, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this or any other act, or in the exportation of any goods which are or may be prohibited to be exported from this kingdom, or in the relanding of any goods whatsoever, contrary to law, which are entered outwards for exportation, for any drawback or bounty, or which are or may be prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain, on failure whereof, such licence shall be void and of no force or effect 5 and such ship or vessel shall be liable to seizure and prosecution, in the same manner as if no such licence had bden granted.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any person or persons upon the shore, or on board any ship, vessel, or boat, shall maliciously (hoot at or upon any ship, vessel, or boat, belonging to his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of Great Britain, or within four leagues from any part of the coast thereof; or if any person or persons, being on shore, or on board any ship, vessel, or boat, shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or dangerously wound any officer or officers, of his Majesty's navy,

Y y % or

663

No fee to be taken for licences.

Owners of 11-censed vessels to bring their licences to the proper officer at the port of expor* tation, &c.

Particulars to be speeffied ift the licence.

Owners to give

security to his Majestr, that the ship shall not be employed in the importation or landing of tea, or foreign spirits, or any prohibited goods, &c.

From 051. i, 1784, if any person shall maliciously (hoot at any ship belonging to the navy, &c.

or (hoot at, ordangerously wound, any officer of the

664. Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1784.

navy,customs, or of the customs or exercise, whether attempting to goon of excise,when or being on board, or returning from' on board any

Sitof' ftiP.' vessel. or boat, or otherwise acting in the due execution hi»duty" of his or t^e,r duty on (horc* or within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of Great, or within four leagues

of any part of the coast thereof; or shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or dangerousty wound, any person or persons aiding and assisting such officer or officers in the execution of his or their he shall suffer duty as aforesaid; then every person so offending, and all and death as a every person being aiding, abetting, or assisting the rein, shall, on* being thereof lawfully convicted, be adjudged guilty of felony,

and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XII. And, ‘ for the more easy cud speedy bringing the fenders against this act to justice, be it enacted by the authority If any person aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be charged with be charged being guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, made felony by fe^cemadefe- ^11S a(^» before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the lony by this peace, or before one of his Majesty's justices of the courts aft, before a king’s bench, if the offence be committed in England or Wdh justice, or or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four court of king’s lea?U" of thC C0.aft ,hfe0f > or before any one of the lords bench, if in of justiciary, or the judge of the high court of admiralty, tf England, or any judge ordinary, or judge admiral, deputy, or substitute,ia before oheof Scotland, if the offence be committed within, or within

ttiriar* °&c any Port l*iat Parl Great Britain called Sat-

i?ii|CScotlandi-^,^s or within four leagues of the coast thereof, by inform* by informa- tion of one or more credible person or persons, upon oath, bf tion of one him or them to be subscribed; such justice of the peace, or pi* credible^ per- t*lce ticking’s bench, or any lord of justiciary, or judge ct such jo Sice or high court of admiralty, or judge ordinary, or judge ad- I

judge shallcef- miral, deputy, or substitute respectively, before whom such in* tifyand return formation shall be made as aforesaid, shall forthwith certify such under his hand and seal, and return such information to 0#

the1 secretaries of the principal secretarie^ of state of his Majesty, his heirs of (late; to be or successors; who is hereby required to lay the fame, asfoc* laid bstore his as conveniently may be, before his Majesty, his heirs or i* Majesty in cessors, in his or their privy council; whereupon it shall awl who may or- ay be lawful for his Majesty^ his heirs or successors, to der the offend- his or their order in his or their said privy council, thereby ertosurrender quiring and commanding such offender or offenders to hr* himself to such rerMjer him or themselves, within the space of forty daysafe* tice^rtorcTof t^ie Publication thereof in the London, to the!od

justiciary, &c. chief justice, or any other of his Majesty's justices of thecoa" of king’s bench, or to any one of his Majesty's justices ot :*': peace, if the offence be committed within England or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within to*: leagues of the coast thereof; or to any of the lords of justicar*. or judge of the high court of admiralty, or judge ordinary, judge admiral, deputy, or substitute, in Scotland if the ofce be committed within, or within the limits any

port of that part of Great Britain called or within so'1*

leagues of the coast thereof j. who is hereby required,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47^, such offender or offenders surrending him or themselves, to who shallcom-commit him or them, without bail or mainprize, to the county TCUt him* gaol, or to the gaol or prison of the place where he or they shall so surrender, to the end that he or they may be forthcoming to answer the offence or offences, wherewith he or they shall Hand charged, according to due course of law; which 91r<*cr’ncoan* order the clerks of his Majesty's privy counsel shall cause to be forthwith printed and published in two successive London Gazette, and Gazette;, and to be forthwith transmitted to the sheriff of the transmitted to county where the offence shall be committed, if the same shall djeriff*,. b« committed in any county; and if the offence shall not be committed within any county, but within the limits of any port as aforesaid, or within four leagues of the coast of any part of Great Britain, to be transmitted to the sheriff of any county near to the place where such offence shall be committed; which pro-

respective sheriff shall, within fourteen days after the receipt f^twomarket thereof, cause the same to be proclaimed, within the hours town*, of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, in the market places, upon the respective market days of two market towns in the same county in which, or near to the place where, such offence shall have been committed; and a true copy of such order shall be affixed upon some publick place in such market towns: and in case such offender or offenders shall pffcn<*rs. no* not surrender himself or themselves, pursuant to such order of themselvcT^o his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to be made in council /offer death as aforesaid, he or they, so neglecting or refusing to surrender as felons, himself or themselves as aforesaid, or escaping after such surrender, shall, from the day appointed for his or their surrender as aforesaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convitfted and attainted of felony, and shall suffer pains of death as in cases of a person convicted and attainted by verdictt and judge-' inent of felony, without benefit of clergy, if the offence be charged to have been committed within England or or

within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coast thereof; and shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted of a capital crime, and shall suffer the pains of death, and confiscation of moveables, as in case of a person found guilty of a capital crime, and under sentence for the fame, if the offence be charged to have been committed within Scotland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof,

or within four leagues of the coast thereof; and that it shall be lawful to and for the court of king’s bench, or the justices r r rr> to award exe*

or oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, or great sessions cmion against

for the county or place where such person shall be, to award such offender# execution against such offender or offenders, in such manner like manner as if he or they had been convicted and attainted in the said ^convict- court of king’s bench, or before such justjees of oyer and

terminer, or general gaol delivery, or great sessions respectively, court, ic, if the offence be charged to have been committed within England or Wales, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, pr within four leagues of the coast thereof; and that it shall

Y y 3 t>*

b',

alter,

4h?U, on conviction, be

{guilty of fe* ony, and be transported for seven years.

66 6 Anno yice^mo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.

[1784*.

be lawful for the court of judiciary, or the lords of judiciary in their circuits, or the judge of the high court of admiralty, to award execution against such' offender and offenders, in such manner as if he or they had been found guilty and condemned in the said court of judiciary, or in the circuit courts respectively, if the offened shall be charged to have been committed within Scotland,or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coad thereof.

Any person

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That farh ff*! all and every person and persons, who shall, after the time ap-Ster the "time P°*nted as aforesaid for the surrender of any person or persons, appointed for so charged upon oath with any of the offences aforesaid, shall their furren- be expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or succour der, and being fU(*h person or persons, knowing him or them to have been wthina^tar charged as aforesaid, and to have been required to surrender him or themselves by such order or orders aforesaid, and not to have surrendered pursuant to such order or orders, being prosecuted for the fame within one year after the offence committed, and lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of felony, and shall be transported as a felon or felons for the space of seven years, in the same manner as felons are or shall be appointed to be transported by virtue of any act or a&$ already made, or hereafter to be made, touching the transportation of felons; and if any such offender or offenders shall be found at large within Great Britain before the expiration of the said term, without lawful cause, he, she or they, shall suffer death as felons, and have execution awarded against him, her, or them, fls persons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy. Not to prevent XIV, Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That nnyprige.juf- nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent or apprehending hinder any judge, justice of the peace, magistrate, officer, or such offender* minister of justice whatsoever, from taking, apprehending, and by the ordina- securing, such offender or offenders, against whom such in-ry course of formation shall be gi^en, and for requiring whose surrender such order in council shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary course of law; and in case such offender or offenders, against whom such information and for requiring whose surrender such order in council shall be made as aforesaid, shall be taken and secured, in order to be brought to justice, before the time shall be expired within which he or they shall be required to surrender him or themselves by such order in council as aforesaid $ that then, and in such case, no further proceed* ing shall be had upon such order made in council against him or them so taken and secured as aforesaid, but he or they shall be brought to trial by due tourse of law; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any officer or officers of his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the custotna or excise, being

on

law*

Persons ob-firucting officers of the

I

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto GeoRGFH III. C. 47. 667

on (bore, or going on board, or being on board* or returning from on board, any ship, boat, or vessel, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues from "

the coasts thereof, shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, in the due execution of his or their office or duty by any person or persons whatsoever, either in the day-time or night; all and every person or persons so hindering, opposing, maybe carried-obstructing, or assaulting, the said. officer or officers in the due |^orc a i1"' execution of his or their duty, and all such as shall act in his 1 9 or their aid or assistance, shall and may be carried and conveyed before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace residing near to the place where such offence shall be committed; and such justice or justices shall, if he or they fee^ause whomtycom. commit such person or persons to the next county gaol, m,tthem, there to remain until the next court of oyer and terminer,

f;reat session, or gaol delivery, or until such person shall be de-ivered by due course of law; and in case an indictment shall be found against him or them, he or they shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the fame, as is usual in cases of misdemeanors; and being duly convicted thereof, shall, by Penalty on order of the said court before whom such offender shall be conviction.

' convicted, be sentenced to hard labour on the river

or other navigable river in that part of Great Britain called England, for any term not exceeding three years, according to the directions of'an act passed in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain and amend *9 Gco- 3* the laws relating to the transportation, and c*

punishment, of certain offendersy and as is by the said act directed for the punishment of persons convicted of grand larceny % or such court may order such offender to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any term not exceeding three years.

AVI. Provided always, and be it ^naded. That in case Persons charg. any person shall be brought before any justice of the peace, *d with ob-betng charged with having hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, any officer of the navy, customs, or excise, contra- offence'falls ry to this act, and it shall appear that the offence with which within the such person is charged falls within the provisions of an act provisions of passed in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, J9 °eo. 3.C. An act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious practices ermine? of smuggling in this kingdom 5 and for indemnifying persons who until the next have been guilty of offences against the laws of the customs and quarter fef. oxcifiy upon the terms therein mentioned 5 it shall and may be "ons* lawful for such justice, if he thinks fit, instead of proceeding against such offender, according to the provisions of this act, to commit such offender to the county gaol until the next quarter sessions of the peace; and in that case every such offender shall be tried and punished as by the said last recited act is directed, and not otherwise.

XVII. Andy for the speedy and impartial trial of any essence% which by tbit aft is detkred to be a felony or be it

Y y 4. enacted.

668 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgh III. c. 47. [1784.

Offences com* enacted, That every such offence, in case the same shall be tend*and g" committed within England, or the town of Berwick Walt* where Tweedy or within the limits of any of the ports' thereof, or to be tried, within four leagues of any part of the coasts thereof, shall and may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined, before any court or courts of oyer and terminer, great session, or gaol delivery, in any county within that part of Great Britain called England, or the dominion of Wales, in such manner as if the fa6t had been a^ually committed within such county; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Directiom re-

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any offence, which 4*nve to of- by this aff is declared to be a felony or misdemeanor, that! anittedTnScot happen to committed in that part of Great Britain called

land. Scotland,or within the limits of any port thereof, or within four leagues of the coasts of the fame, information of such offence may be given to any justice of peace, judge ordinary, or judge admiral, depute or substitute, redding nearest the place where such offence may have been committed; who, if he shall see cause, may and shall grant a warrant for committing

' the person or persons complained of to the common gaol of the county, city, borough, or place, there to lie until heir liberated in due course of tew; and such person or persons shall and may be tried before the court of judiciary or circu:i courts, or before the judge of the high court of admiralty at Edinburgh5 or in case the offence be only such as is punishable by hard labour or imprisonment, the fame may be tried before the judge ordinary of the county or place where the warrant was granted.

XtX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any person or persons shall, by virtue of this pre-tictTfor* mif- ^ent a<^> he arrested and taken before any one of his Majesty's demeanor,not justices of the peace, for any offence against this act deemed to b<* admitted a misdemeanor, such person or persons shall in no case be admitted to bail, unless he shall first enter into a recognizance, with two sufficient sureties, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of two hundred pounds, and the said sureties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that such yerson or persons shall appear at the then next ensuing court of oyer and terminer, general gaol delivery, or great fetliom, to be holaen for such county for which the justice before whom he shall lie brought shall aand answer and plead to any indictment which may be found at or before such court for such misdemeanor; and such recognizance shall forthwith be iransmitted to the clerk of assize, or other proper officer of the court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery, or great sessions, for such county as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any such mif-dtmeMorhi1" ^emC3nor ls committed in Scotland, or within the limits of any &cotlalui>,rto Port thereof, dr within four leagues of the coasts of the fame, iiejtdjsiued the person or persons aceufed thereof, and U&en before any q - justic?

Person* taken

before a juf-

to bail, with* out entering

into a re v»..*

r.izance tv-

fciuir appt r* tyree, i

Mo person ac-

-i 784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.

justice of the peace, or other judge competent in to bail, unless

shall not be admitted to bail, unless he enter into a recog- he enter into a nizance, with two sufficient sureties, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of two hundred pounds, and the said sureties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that he shall stand trial, in the way and manner directed by this act, and according to the forms practised in that part of the kingdom.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Officers and in all cases where any officer or seamen, employed in the fer-

vice of the customs and excise, shall be killed, maimed, or tj,c service of wounded, in the due execution of his office as aforesaid, it the customs shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's and excise, to customs and excise respectively, to make such provision for the officers and seamen so maimed and wounded, or for the widows and families of such as shall be killed, as they shall be authorised and impowered to do, by warrant from the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the-time being.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Commission-be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in of customs England and Scotland respectively, to reward every such officer ficcrsWhoshall or officers of his Majesty's navy, customs, or excise or peace take offenders officei;, who shall arrest or take any offender or offenders against against this this atft, with such sum or sums of money, as to the said com- a* missioners respectively shall appear fitting and reasonable, out

of his Majesty's share of the produce arising by the sale of any goods which have been, or may be seized and condemned.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority if suspeaed

aforesaid, That in case any ship'or vessel, liable to leisure or vessels shall examination by this or any other act of parliament in force, not br,"S shall not bring to, on being required so to do, or being chaced any cutter by any cutter or other vessel in the service of his Majesty's the service navy, having the proper pendant and ensign of his Majesty's of the navy, ships hoisted, or in the service of his Majesty's revenue of the having the customs or excise, such cutter or other revenue vessel having a ,tChoVtted

prendant and ensign hoisted with such marks thereon as are &c. the cam-now used and worn by vessels in the service of the revenues of mandermay customs and excise in a blue field; it shall and may be lawful (hoot into for the captain or master, or other person having the charge or them» command of such cutter or other vessel, in the service o? his Majesty's navy, customs, or excise, to (hoot at or into such ship or vessel which shall not bring to, after such colours shall be so hoisted as aforesaid, and a gun shall have been fired by such cutter or vessel as a signal; and such captain or other officer, and every person acting in his aid and assistance, or by Jiis direction, shall be, and is hereby indemnified and discharged aml j,e from any penalties or actions for damages for so doing: and prosecuted in in case any person or persons shall be wounded, maimed, or consequence jellied, by or by means of such firing, and the said officer or th€irt?^5 officers, or other person acting in his or their aid or assistance, bead/" ’’ pr fitted to bail,

VdTdt not in the ferwice of the navy, or x customtorex-. cife, not to lioift such pen-d ant,on penalty of $ool.

From Oct. i, 1784, the penalties and restriction in an act 8 Geo. 1. and in 19 Geo. t. c. 69, relating to certain boats, &c. extended to other boats, Jcc.

Matters of ▼effete arriving at any# port. Sin this kingdom, or going out-wards in ballast.shall make a true report of their vessels, I and anfarer questions relative to the voyage, Sec. put to them by the proper officer 1 on penalty of 1001*.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1784.

or by his or their direction, shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, or shall be brought before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or other justices or persons haying competent authority, for or on account of such wounding, maiming, or killing, as aforesaid; all and every such justice or justices, person or persons, is and are hereby authorized and impowered, enjoined and required, to admit every such officer and officers, person and persons, so brought before him or them as aforesaid, to bail; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any British ship pr vessel, not being in the service of his Majesty's navy, or his Majesty's revenue of the customs or excise, shall carry or hoist any such pendant or en-(ign as is herein-before mentioned, the master or person having the charge or command of every such ship or vessel shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of O&obtr^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the several clauses, penalties, forfeitures, and restrictions ia an act mack in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King

the First, and in another act made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for more preventing the

pernicious practices of Smugglings so far as they relate to boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, gallies, or other vessels, rowing or built to row with more than four or fix oars respectively, (had extend to all boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, gallies, and other vessels, which shall exceed twenty-eight feet in length, from the forepart of the stem to the afterfide of the ftempod aloft, and the length of which shall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth; fob-jest nevertheless to the several provisoes and exceptions in the said recited acts particularly mentioned, and not altered by this act.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the master of every ship or vessel, arriving at any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, or going outwards from any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, in ballast, shall, if called upon by the collector or comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs, make a just and true report of such ship or vessel, both inwards tod outwards, and answer upon oath to such questions relative to the voyage and navigation of such ship or vessel, as shall be put to him by the collector, comptroller, or other proper officer of the customs, at the port, harbour, or creek, where hefhaQ arrive, or from whence he shall depart, under the penalty of forfeiting one hundred pounds for every neglect, omiffioo, or refusal so to do; which oath the said collector, or other proper officer of the customs, is and are hereby authorized and required

1784.] Anno yicsfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 6yt

quired to administer: provided always, that no matter, or other person having the charge or command of any ship or vessel in ballad making report as above required, shall, in respect there* of, be liable to the payment of any fees, other than fact) as such ship or vessel was subject to pay, previous to the passing of this a<5h

XXVII. And it is Ivereby further enacted by the authority wine import*

aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of edinany vef-

One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any sort of fel

wine shall be imported or brought into Great, or into b^ben^seal!

any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any thip, vessel, be forfeited^ or boat, which shall not exceed the burthen of sixty tons, every also the veffirf* such ship, vessel, or boat, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, and also all such wine as shall be imported or brought ' therein, together with the calks and package containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prose* cuted by any officer or officers of the customs, and condemned and disposed of as herein after is directed.

XXVIII. And whereat the masters of and trading

from several foreign parts in Europe to this, do frequently

bring great quantities of prohibited and other, which are liable to high duties, for the purpose of smuggling such goods in this -dom, and if they are prevented, by the vigilance of the officers of the revenue, from landing such goods, before they arrive at the port or place of their discharge9 such masters do then report the bales and packages of such goods y contents unknown, to be exported a gainy and carried back in the fame ship or vessel, to gain an opportunity of running the fame on /bore in this kingdom, or un/bipping them into boats and other vessels for that purpose, in their pqffage, to v

the great prejudice of she publick revenue and the fair merchants: and whereas goods are often found on board such ships or of

xvbich the master hath not made any report; for remedy whereof, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Goodsreport* from, and after the said fird day of Octob, one thousand seven ed» content* hundred and eighty-four, where the mader of any ship or vessel shall report any bales, or other packages of any goods, contents unknown, for exportation in the fame ship or vessel, it

shalt and may be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's customs to open such bates and packages on board such ship or vessel so reported, and examine the contents thereof, or to bring them on shore to his Majesty's warehouse at the cuttom-hpufe for the port where such report is made, if it shall be necessary, and such officer shall be, and is hereby indempified, and shall not be liable to any action for so doing; and in case it shall an<* If appear on such examination, that such bales or packages, the JJScon* contents of which shall have been reported unknown as afore- uined therein

, said, shall contain any goods which are prohibited to be im- they shall be ported, or are liable to forfeiture upon being imported into this forfeited, &c. kingdom by any law then in force, all such goods, and the package thereof, shall be forfeited; and in case such goods shall not be so prohibited, such goods shall be chargeable with the

fljrtv Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1784.

the duties due thereon, and shall not be permitted to be exported or delivered for that purpose before the legal duties are regularly paid for the same, without the particular leave and direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any three or more of them, in England or Scotland reflectively; and all goods found on board any ship or vessel, of which no report hath been made by the m.a(ter as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And whereas by an act* made in the twenty-first

his Majesty's reign, and other subsequent of parliament now U force, the officers of excise are to tea and (pints

removing without permits, and the vessels, boats, horses, and other cattle or carriages, used in the removing thereof contrary to the jaida(ls; and it is expedient that his Majesty's officers of the cujfems should have the like power; be it therefore further enacted by Officer* of cuf- the authority aforesaid, That any officer or officers of his Ma-toms to have jesty’s customs shall have the like power to seize and prolccure ihe like power any jca or spirituous liquors, removed or found removing con-andspiritTre* trary to directions of the kid receited act or to any other moving with- act now m force, and the vessels, boats, horses, and other cat-out permits, as tie and carriages employed in removing the fame, as is granted the officers of by the said receited act, or itny other act or acts in force, to any f*Elfe# officer or officers of excise 5 any thing therein contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And whereas all horses, boats, cattle, or, tseJe

vfe of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of other goods, contrary to the provisions and d of certain other acts of parliament for preventing frauds in the revenue of customs, in utfr,

respectively made and provided, are also liable to forfeiture; which horses and carriages are sometimes of small value, and the expnu: of keeping and maintaining such horses from the time of they can be condemned by the common course of proceeding, is " more than they are worth, by which the officers are and may be

couraged from making such seizures, to the prejudice of the publd revenue; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the au-Seizures of thority aforesaid, That all Seizures of horses, cattle, carts, bodes, boats, waggons, boats, and carriages whatsoever, for being used in &c. for re- the removing, carriage, or conveyance, of any gpods, or for tomable° CUr* any other cause of forfeiture, contrary to this or any other ad goods, &c. of parliament relating to or for preventing frauds in the rere-shall be deter- nue of the customs, shall and may be examined into, proceed-muud by t*o Upon, heard, adjudged, and determined, by and before any justices. two of h*,s Majesty's justices of the peace residing near the place where such seizure shall be made, in such manner; and by such and the like rules, as the seizure of any horses, cattle, or car- riages, liable to forfeiture for being used in removing, carrying,

or conveying of any prohibited or run goods, may be examined into, and proceeded upon, heard, adjudged, and determined by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of any act of parliament in force; and such judgment which shall be given jh pursuance of this act, are hereby declared to be taken and v adjudged

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47J .67$

adjudged good, valid, and effectual in the law, and final to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and not liable to any appeal, or any writ or writs of certiorari; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Part of aftag aforesaid, That so much of an act of parliament, made in the Ge°. 3* c* twenty*first year of the reign of his present majesty King George 55* repealed* the third, or any other act now in force, which enacts. That all tea, which shall be seized and arrested by any officer of the customs for any cause of forfeiture, in any part of

dominion of Wales^ or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within that part of Great Britain called, shall be sent

and deposited in some warehouse or warehouses, to be appoint* ed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of the customs in England or Scotland, within the city of London or Edinburgh respectively, in order to be there publickly fold, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said respective commissioners to cause all Fuch tea, so seized and condemned according to law, to be sold publickly to the bed bidder, at such places as they shall think proper, in the same manner as they might have done; if the said recited act, or any other act requiring such tea to be sent to ' London or Edinburgh for that purpose, had not been made; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fit ft day of October, one Officers mak-thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any officer of his in5 any f°l* Majesty's navy, customs, or excise, shall make any collusive Iulive le*ziire* seizure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any agreement to de- no^fofazf liver up, or not to seize any ship or vessel, or any goods liable any ship or to forfeiture by this or any other act of parliament, or shall di- goods, or rettly or indirectly take or receive any bribe, gratuity, recom- f^ing pence, or reward. For the neglect or non-performance of his bn c* duty, every such officer therein offending shall, for each and shall forfeit every offence, forfeit the Turn of five hundred pounds, and be $°°I. a"d be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any office or em- lncaPaci*ated: ployment, civil or military; and if any person or persons what- and every per. soever shall give, offer, or promise to give, any bribe, recom- son giving or pence, or reward to, or make any collusive agreement with,

any officer of the navy, customs, or excise, to do, conceal, or

connive at, any act whereby any of the provisions made by this or any other act of parliament relative to his Majesty's customs or excise, may be evaded or broken, every such person or persons shall, for each and every such offence, (whether the fame offer, proposal, promise, or agreement, be accepted or performed or not), forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds. Vessels and

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the ships, vessels, boat?, and goods, forfeited ,9Oeo/ by this act, or by the before-mentiooed act, made in the 3. cap. 69. nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, shall and may maybe seized

be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise: by any officer

44 j of custonu or

and excise.

*74

3 Geo. 3. c. is*

Condemned vessels, if At for his Majesty's ferviccj may be fold ta the officers appointed by the admiral* ty, &c.

Recital of % Geo. 3. c. 70.

All the regulations in the receited act touching ac-

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1784.

and the fame, and the federal forfeitures and penalties herein* before inflitted, shall be, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to any officer or officers of the customs or excise who shall sue and prosecute for the fame; and shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, condemned, j recovered, and applied, (except otherwise directed by this att), in the manner directed by an att made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled. furtbtr

improvement of his Majesty's revenue of customs; and for the encouragement of officers making seizures; and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty's dominions); and all such ships, vessels, and boats, shall, upon condemnation, be broken up or destroyed, or used and disposed of in the same manner, and shall be subject to the same rules and restrictions, in all respects not altered by this att, as ships or vessels of the burthen of one hundred tons, or any lesser bur* then, are subject and liable to by law.

XXXIV. Provided nevertheless, in case any ship or vessel, liable to be broken up or destroyed, shall be necessary and fit for the service of his Majesty in his royal navy, it shall and may

, be lawful for the commissioners of customs or excise respect i > tively, if they think proper, to cause such ship or vessel, instead, of being broken up or destroyed, to be sold to the officers appointed by the lord high admiral of Great, or the commissioners of the admiralty, or commissioners of the navy, foe that purpose, and to (Hrctt one moiety of the produce of such sale, after the charges of condemnation and other charges ate dedutted, to be paid into the exchequer, to the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to the officer who sued and prosecut* ed for the same.

XXXV. And whereas% by an act made and passed in the twenty

third year of the reign of his present, , An act for the more effectual preventing the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and for putting a stop to the private distillation of Bri-tijbmade spirituous liquors; for explaining such part of the act, imposing a duty upon male flrvants, as relates to the right & appeal from the justices of the peace; to amend and rettify a mistake in an att of the last (eftion of parliament, with respect to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious attions against officers of excise atting in pursuance of the authority given by excise statutes,) divers regulations are made for the more effie ftual preventing vexatious suits against the officers of and their af- i ftstants, acting under the authorities and powers to them given by the severalstatutes made for securing the duties of excise and inland duties; which regulations ought to be extended to officers of the customs, and their assistants% acting under the authorities aid

powers to them given by the several statutes made for securing the duties of the customs; be it enacted, That all and every clause, matter, and regulation, in the said att contained, touching and concerning any attion to be brought against

any

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47, 6yg

any officer or officers of the excise, or against any person $0fi% to or persons adtingby his or their order, and in his or their brought aid, for any thing done in the execution of, or by rea- against exrife son of his or their office, or any proceeding thereupon, mail be officers, and extended to all actions to be brought against any officer or offi- extended*?? cers of the customs, or against any person or persons acting by officer* of the his or their order, and in his or their aid, for any thing done customs, in the execution of or by reason of their office, and to all proceedings in every such action, in as full and ample manner as if the officers of the customs had been named and included In the said adh

XXXVI. And whereas, upon seizures made by officers of the

customs and excise, which are returned into the court of groundless and vexatious claims are frequently entered in fictitious names by persons who have not any property in the, whereby the publish revenue and the officers making such seizures are put to great expence in the prosecution and condemnation for remedy

whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, From pa. t, from and after the first day of October, one thousand seven bun- 1784, no claim dred and eighty-four, no claim shall be permitted to be entered *° be entered to any ship, vessel, or goods, seized for any cause of forfeiture, and returned into his Majesty's courts of exchequer in England ed.and ce-*" or Scotland respectively, unless such claim is entered in the turned into true and real name or names of the owner or owners, or pro- the exche* prietor or proprietors of the ship, vessel, or goods so claimed, S^reaf* describing the place of the refldence, and the business or pro- namMof the session of such person or persons and if such person or persons owners or shall reside at London or Edinburgh, or within the liberties proprietors thereof, oath shall be made before one of the barons of the said thereo* courts of exchequer respcdfcively, that the ship, vessel, or goods ^debythe so claimed, was really and truly the property of him, her, or owners before them, at the time of such seizure; but if such person or persons a baron of the shall not be resident in London or Edi, or the liberties exchequer, thereof, then, and iti such case, oath shall be made, in like or bFth^ manner, by the agent or attorney, or solicitor by whom such 0argf£ claim shall be entered, that he has full and legal authority and the property directions from such owner or proprietor to enter such claim, thereof, and that, to the best of his knowledge and belief, such ship, vessel, or goods were, at the time of the seizure thereof, bona fidey and truly, the real property of the person or persons in whose name or names such claim is entered$ which oath shall be respectively indorsed and certified on the back of the indenture of appraisement upon which such claim shall be entered; and on failure thereof, the ship, vessel, or goods, shall be absolutely condemned, and judgment shall be entered thereon by default, according to the usual method of proceedings of the court, in the same manner as if no claim had been entered thereto; and every person or persons who shall be convicted of Penalty on making or taking a false oath to any of the facts herein-before taking a false dirdted or required to be sworn, shall be deemed guilty of per- oath.

e jury.

Recital of 3 Geo. 3. c. i2

From Od. t, 17*4, e^ry claimant of any vessel or goods seized

%j6 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c^47. [1784.

jury, and shall be liable to the pains anti penalties >to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXVII. And whereat by an 4ft,

Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for the further improvement of his Majesty's revenue of customs; and for the encourage* ment of officers making seizures; and for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his Majesty's dominions,) it is, amongst other, That every per [on,

upon entry of any claim in the court where any shall he

/edited, shall be obliged to give in the penalty ofsixty pound1,

to answer and pay the costs o by such claim: and whereas

penalty offtxty pounds, in many, not to answer tbt

costs occasioned by such claim, and the persons who enter into recognizances as the securities for such, are very often hired for tbst purpose, and are not of fubfl or ability to answer and pay ti:

costs for which they are security, and frequently and are nU

to be found, so that no part of the costs can be recovered from then, to the diminution of the publick and to the great loss and

covragement of officers making such seizures; for remedy whereof, it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Oftoherone thousand seven hundred ani eighty-four, upon the entry of any claim to any ship, boat, or other vessel, or to any goods seized for any cause of forfeiture, (iTrcfideirtln the person or persons who shall enter the claim as the owner> Great Britain, or prpprietors thereof (in case such claimant shall reside in the shallbebound) kingdom of Great Britain,) shall be bound, with two othrr &br.rr ^ient securities, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, to nalty of tool, answer and pay the coils occasioned by such claim; and if such to pay costs; owner or proprietor shall not reside in Great, then, ani

but, if not re- in such case, the attorney or solicitor, by whose directions such (idem, his at- shall be entered, shall, in like manner, be bound wrb

bound \n\ike tw9 other sufficient securities in the like penalty, to answer

pay the costs occasioned by such claim; any law, custooi, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afa'c-said, That one moiety of the several penalties and forfeiture ia this act mentioned shall be to the use of his Majesty, his hews and successors, and the other moiety shall be to the use of such person and persons as shall inform, prosecute, or sue for r.t fame, (except in such cases where any other appropriation or distribution of the said penalties is made by this act, or by any other act or acts;) and that all the fame penalties and forfo-tures shall and may be prosecuted and sued for, and the cauki and controversies anting thereupon tried, heard, and deter* mined, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at

or in the court of exchequer at, respectively, (except

where any, provision is made to the contrary by this or any other Jaw or statute now in force,) wherein no effo.n, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

manner.

Penalties and forfeitures, how to be recovered and applied.

7*4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Gfconoii Iff. c. 47J 677

1 XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority LimTtetiort of aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought’or com- actions, merrc&f against any person or persons, for any matter or thing by him or them done Or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general iflite, and give this a GCneraj and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had there- 1184

on, and that the fame was done in pursuance of, and by; authority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against him, her, of them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against Treble costs* such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XL. And whereas many persons y having incurred heavy penalties by reason of offences committed against the laws for collecting and securing the revenue of customs and, are deterred from renouncing their evil courses, through fear of being by

of their officiates, and thereby subjected to prosecution 5 and other persons are confined in prison for penalties and fines fit upon them in consequence of their having been ectrvified of such, which they

are unable to pay$ and manyi to avoid such penalties and forfeit tures, have withdrawn themselves into foreign parts, and of

outlawry may have issued against some of them: and whereas it is expedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to persons under the No proftfca. aforesaidtirczmfiances; be it therefore enacted, That no prose- tiontobe cution by bill, plaint, information, or action of debt, shall be commenced commenced for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture, incurred by for a°y P*fu-reason of any offence committed by any person or persons {JfcJrred b? againfy any of the provisions of any act or acts for collecting offences a-, and securing the duties under the management of the commis- gainitthe sioners of the customs or excise, committed before the twenty- or

fourth day of June, one thousand feveii hundred and eighty- committed* four, but that the said penalties and forfeitures shall be wholly before June pardoned and released. ' 24, 1784.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That as to all penalties or His Majesty's fines now due on any former conviction, upon any of the acte share of all aforesaid, or which may become due in consequence of prose- con-

cations now carrying on, the same shall be pardoned and dif- r?S?ons, Cd?f-charged, so far as regards the share or interest of such penalty charged*, or fine given to his Majesty; and that all persons against whom Persons out-any process of outlawry hath been sued out for the matters i*wed may aforesaid, may be at liberty to apply, by motion, to the court aPPl? to the out of which such process issued, to let aside or reverse the to°hare the fame. process revers-

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons who shall claim the benefit of this act, shall, after such If any person, claim, bring or commence, or causes to be brought or com-

«7*

thiiafti bring an action against any officer of the navy, &c. for any thing done on occasion of the offences intended to be released by this act, such officer may plead the general i flue, and recover costs of suit.

Not to extend to offences for which the of fender is liable to corporal pnnUhment.

Other matters to which this act dull not extend.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47a [1784.

menced, any action, plaint, information, or other prosecution whatsoever, against any officer of his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, or other person who shall have aided or a (lifted any such officer, for or concerning any act, matter, or thing, done or committed by them, or any of them, on occasion of, or for or by reason or means of any of the-offences, frauds, misdemeanors, or other matters or things intended to be released and difehareed by this act, such claim is and shall be deemed to be an absolute discharge and release to such officer or other person of and from all and every such actions, suits, and prosecutions; and such officer and other person may plead the general issue, and give the special matter ia evidence; and the said officer or other person shall recover his costs of suit against the person or persons so bringing or commencing such action or prosecution.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or release any indictment, outlawry, or other proeds, for or by reason of any felony, or other indistable offence against the laws for the protection of the revenue of the custort or excise, or of the officers employed therein, for which tk offender is liable to corporal punishment, and not to a pecuniary penalty only.

XLIV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or refafc any seizure of any kind of goods, wares, or merchandizes, or of ships, vessels, or boats, or other thing whatsoever, or aaj prosecution now depending for the forfeiture of such goods wares, or merchandize, ships, vessels, boats, or other thing, under any act or acts of parliament now in force; nor to *c- quit, release, or discharge, any judgment or judgmenu where the monies, or other things recovered, have been actually fen-ed or taken in execution before the making of this act; nor to J acquit, release, or discharge, any information which ha* bowl already entered against any person or persons for the recovcryl of any penalty, fine, or forfeiture, incurred by any, offence! committed by him or them against any law now in fbrcetnakl for the fecuntyof the revenue of customs and exciset or *! verdict or verdicts obtained, or judgment or judgmenu recover ed thereon, in respect to such part thereof as belongs, to, or ha, been usually allowed and paid to the officer of his Mqcftj’t navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, (at whose ifi-; fiance the prosecution is or was carried on,) according to tbq mode in which such suit or suits hath or have been commence! and carried on; but such information, verdict or verdicts, judgment or judgments, shall and may be proceeded upon the name of his Majesty's attorney general, as originally ejntert and proceeded upon, without any alteration in the proceeding upon such information, verdict or verdicts,* ad judgment d judgments, for the recovery, in due epurfe of law, of fttch p*1 of the penalty or forfeiturt incurred, as belongs to or has bees

ufcsJ]

17*4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 6jg

usually allowed and paid to such officer of his Majesty *s navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, (at whose instance the prosecution is or was carried on,) according to the mode

in which such suit or fults hath or have been carried on.

XLV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein This aa-eot contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to ac- to to quit, release, or discharge, any person or persons whatsoever Ju jS2jCftvC^ from the payment of all customs, duties, and sums of money, ft* the lawful due and owing to his Majesty from such person or persons, for importation or upon the lawful importation or entry of any goods, wares, of mereban-or merchandizes; nor to any debts or sums of money due to dlse* his Majesty from any person or persons upon any bond, obli- "jj 0° 1"und gatiop, or other contract or agreement whatsoever, touching or bon<b\ereii^ concerning the lawful importing or landing any goods, wares, mentioned or merchandizes, or the customs or other duties due and payable for the fame; nor to any bonds given or entered into for the exportation of any goods from this kingdom to foreign parts, and to prevent the relanding of the fame in this kingdom; nor to any bonds given for landing any goods coastwifo within this kingdom; nor to any bonds or obligations given by any officer or officers of his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, to his Majesty, or any of his predecessors, or to any other person or persons for the use of, or in trust for his said Majesty, or his predecessors; nor to any debts, dues, nor to debts or demands, due or owing to his ikid Majesty, for or in re- relative to df, spect of any sum or sums of money by him, or any of his royal haatures, fcc,-predecessors, at any time paid upon any debenture or debentures, certificate or certificates, where any such debenture or certificate was wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where ‘ the fame debenture afterwards became void by any relanding of the goods therein mentioned, or by any other way or means whatsoever; nor to any other debts, dues, or demands, for or in respect of the customs, excise, and other duties chargeable on any goods, wares, or merchandizes, concerning which there Is any action, information, suit, or prosecution now depending in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminste, or elsewhere.

XLVI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained Not to *xt«n4 (hah extend, or be construed to extend, to acquit, release, or officer* i*

discharge, any commander, captain, or other officer employed {n<*k

in the service of the East India company, or to any tradesman, manufacturer, or shopkeeper, having a known residence in this kingdom, from any penalty or forfeiture which he may be liabToab by virtue of any law now in force for any offence com* nutted in the course of the trade or manufacture in ^hich he is concerned, contrary to any act or acts of parliament made for security of the revenue of customs or excise.

XLVII. Provided also, That all persons who have compounded with, or agreed or offered to pay, any sum of money to made by way of compofidoo or charges to his Majesty, or to the lords good, or the com nrufTioners of his Majesty's treasury, or to the commissiont er$ of the customs or excise for the time being, on his Majesty's Si^nrfitof

1 M behalf, thU

ft*

This act may be pleaded in di (charge of any thins; pardoned thereby.

Pertain taking benefit of this a ft,who bare commenced any actions against officers of the navy, &c. shall release such actions, and stay all proceedings thereon.

[Preamble.]

Act io Anne, c. if.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1784.

behalf, for or in respect of any of the above mentioned offences, or for the forfeitures or penalties arising thereby, shall make good such com portions, agreements, and offers, as have been by them respectively made; or in default thereof, all and every such persons shall be excluded and deprived of and from all be* nefit and advantage of this act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That any person or persons may plead this act for his or their discharge of or for any thing that is by virtue of this. aft pardoned, discharged, or granted; or shall and may apply for such discharge in a summary way, by motion, to the court of exchequer; which court shall make such order touching the (laying or discharge of any such (bit, or of any person imprisoned by reason thereof, as to the said court shall seem meet.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who shall take, receive, or be intitled to any benefit or advantage by virtue of this present act of indemnity, either by pleading or infilling on the fame in any court of justice, or before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, in a summary way, or otherwise, and who hath or shall (before, he, she, or they shall claim the benefit of this present act) have brought, comment* erf, or prosecuted any action, plaint, or information, indict* ment, of other prosecution whatsoever, against any officer of his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, or against any person or persons who shall or may have been aiding or amfting to any such officer, for or concerning any matter, cause, or thing, done or committed by such officer, or by any person or persons aiding or assisting him, on occasioner for or by reason or means of any of the offences, trespasscs, frauds, misdemeanors, or other matters or things by this act intended to be released and discharged, shall, before such time as he, she, or they shall be admitted to make such plea as aforesaid, or to take any benefit or advantage of this act, absolutely release and discharge such action or actions, discontinue and cause to be (laid all proceedings in all and every such informations, indictments, and other prosecution and pro* fecutions, brought or commenced as aforesaid.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for better feiuring the duties on and

WHEREAS the fraudulent of making in *-

entered places, without paying the duties imposed them by law, has very much increased of, to the great loys of the revenue, and to the injury of the fair traders: and whereas made in the tenth year of the reign of cur late $huen Anne,

amongst other things, for laying new duties an act makers of

Jlarch in Great Britain are required to give notice in, at

the office for the duties 'on Jlarch next to the place where fitch

flank

68 t

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48.*

starch /ballbe made, of their respective names and places of

and of every workhouse, florehoufty room, and other place by them

used tn and for the making \ drying, and keeping of, or of

flour, meaU or other materials proper to be made into, under a penalty of fifty pounds: and whereas by an all made in ,9 Geo. 3. c, the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better 40. securing the duties on starch, every maker of is required to deliver to the officer who surveys his Jlaan account in writmgy containing as well an exalt description of every room and place by him made use of for the making, drjingy or keeping

as also of even vessel or utensil used by him for the making of, before he presumes to use the Jame9 under a penalty of fifty pounds: and whereas the said penalties have been found ineffeliual, and not sufficient to prevent the fraudulent and secret making of starchy by iU-disposed per/ohs in obscure placety without paying the duties for the fame: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Prom Sept, from and after the twentieth day of September one thousand maker seven hundred and eighty-four, no maker of starch, within to erett, alter. Great Britain shall erect, set up, alter, change, enlarge, or make or use, any use of, any workhouse, storehouse, room, or other place, for the workhouse, making, drying, or keeping of ftaVch, or for the keeping any or Vw -flour, or meal, or other materials proper to be made into starch, !n|of starch, or use any fat, trough, kiln, stove, box, utensil, or other vef- or the mate-fel, for the making of starch, without first giving notice in writ- rial* thereof, ing thereof, and of his or her respective name pr place ofor abode, or unless such notice thereof shall have been before given outgiving in writing at the office for the said duties on starch next to the proper notice place where such starch shall be made; and if any maker of to the next starch within Great Britain shall ereIk set up, alter, enlarge, or °®cc» make Use of, any workhouse, storehouse, room, or other place, for the making, drying, or keeping of starch, or for the keeping any flour, meal, or other materials proper to be made into starch, or shall use any fat, trough, kiln, stove, box, utensil, or other vefltl, for the making of starch, without giving such notice thereof, and of his or her name and place of abode as aforesaid, or without delivering to the officer who surveys his or her starch-house, an account in writing, containing as well an exalt description of each and every room and place by him or her made use of for the making, drying, or keeping of starch, as also of each and every vessel or utensil by him or her made use of for the making of starch 5 then, and in every such case, on penalty of the offender therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the 400 sum of two hundred pounds.

II. Andy in ordet to deter persons from assisting the proprietors of private and unentered fiarch-houses in carrying on their fraudulent practicesy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, l?rom|<Pt* from and after the said twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty* four, when any officer or offi- in making 8

2 Z j cers ttarch in iu>

69i 1 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III.* c. 48. ft 784;

Entered cars of excise shall discover that the making of starch is carried houses, to on in any private workhouse, room, or place, whereof no such forfeit }«1. notice as aforesaid has been given aj the next office for the duties on starch, and shall at the same time discover in the workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, where such private making of starch shall be so discovered, any person or persons knowingly assisting, or any ways concerned in carrying on such private Inaking of starch, every such person or persons so discovered shall forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds, over and above all M penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or maker of such

S-restfech^ ^arcl* Liable to; and it shall be lawful for the officer

per*dns"and anc* officers of excise, and all other persons acting in their aid, tonvey them to stop, arrest, and detain, all and every the person and persons before a juf- so discovered in such workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, tice, Stc. and to convey the said person or persons before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on confession of the party, or on proof by the oath of one or more credible witness or -witness* fes, to convict the person or persons so discovered as aforesaid; and the person or persons so convicted shall, immediately oo such conviction, pay the said sum of thirty pounds into the hands of the officer wno shall have conveyed such offender be-' fore such justice or justices of the peace, to be applied hr man-tf ©fonder ner herein after directed s and on such offender or offenders re-ih«Use Vay fufinS or neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty pounds, the be may be*’ justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid shall, by warrant or commuted, warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to the house of correction for ^he said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively,

, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction, &nd the person or persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the said sum of thirty Penalty on a pounds, or until the expiration of the said six months 3 and in ftcond offence. case the person or persons so convicted shall be again discovered in any workhouse, storehouse, room, or place, where the making of (larch shall be so privately carried on, assisting, or otherwise concerned in carrying on such private making of starch, he, she, or they, so again offending, shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay, for such second offence, the sum of sixty pounds, and shall be committed to the house of correction in manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the term of one year, or until the said sum of sixty pounds shall be paid.

, Prom Sept, 10, Andy for the further preventing the clandestine making rf

17S4, the Jiarchy be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from name of every and after the said twentieth day of, one thousand (e-

wheprinted ven hundred and eighty-four, every person who shall make over the door, ^arch within Great Britain shall cause to be painted, in large or on the legible letters of at least three inches in length, over the outward

door,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4S. 683

door, or in some conspicuous part of the front of his or her starch- front of hia house, the christian and surname of such starch-maker, with the ft*rch-house, addition of the word Starch-maker 5 and if any person shall make &c* starch within Great Britain Without having his or her christian and surname, with the addition of the word Starch-maker so as aforesaid painted over the outward door, or in some conspicuous part of the front of his or her starch-house, he or she so offend* on penalty of ing shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of, one From Sept. »o,

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, when any starch, ex- *7*4> no ceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, shall Vg pmaxido

removed or carried by land or by water, the word Starch shall shall bere-be painted or marked in legible letters, of at least three inches moved, onletii in length, on every chest, calk, sack, or other package wherein *he such starch shall be contained; and any starch, exceeding the marked quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, which shall be tound Sn the pack* removing or carrying, or removed or carried, by land or by age; water, in any chest, calk, sack, or other package, not having the word Starch so painted or marked thereon, after the said twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be forfeited, together with the chest, cask, on penalty of sack, or other package containing the fame, and the boat or *-tu vessel, horses or other cattle, waggon, cart, or other carriage, thercattirind made use of in removing or carrying the fame. carriages, See,

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of, one Dealers re-

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any dealer in, or ceivingsnore feller of starch, shall at any time knowingly receive into his

custody any quantity of starch, exceeding twenty-eight pounds not weight, not having the word Starch so as aforesaid painted or marked as marked on the chest, calk, sack, or other package containing aforesaid, for the fame, he or she so offending shall forfeit the sum of two feitmool» hundred pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of, one Starch-mak-

thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any maker of starch ers obstruct-shall obstruct or hinder any of the officers for the duties upon Ln^.°.®cer^ starch in the execution of any of the powers and authorities for ei ,oaU given to him or them by this or any other act for the ascertaining or securing; the duties upon starch, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII. And whereas, notwithstanding the laws new in force for fettering the duties on soap% many frauds are fliU frequently

to the great loss of the revenue, and to the injury of the fair

and some better regulations in the manner of carrying on the soap-making business are Jlill wanting 5 for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after thetwen* From Sept*soy tieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- *7*4* officers four, all and every the officers of excise shall at all times, by

Z*4 day

684 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1784.

bouCe, boil- day or by nighr, and without waiting for the presence of a con* ing-bou(e,&c. ft able or peace officer, be permitted, upon hi* or their request, of any soap- to enter into the house, boiling-house, warehouse, or other ukcan ac- pl3Ce whatsoever, belonging to or used by any maker or makers count of the of any soap whatsoever, and, by gaogjpg or weighing of the soap made, soap, or otherwise, as to such officer shall feera most proper and and also ot the convenient, to take an account the just quantity of the foop

material* for making (here

Ot.

which shall have been made by such maker or makers of soap from time to time; and also to take an account of all materials for the making of soap, in the possession or custody of such maker jpFjmakers of soap; and all and every the officers of excafe fluU be permitted to day and remain in such house, boiling-house, Warehouse, or other place, belonging to or used by such maker or makers of soap, or in any of such places, so long as such offi* per or officers shall think fit.

VIII. /ftid, for the better preventing the frauds frequently committed by divers makers <ffoap, be it further enacted by the an-From$ept.*o, thority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth day ^78*, no soap- of September, questhousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no lk£Gnvehv-Ve ma^cr of soap shall have or keep any pipe or other conveyance an' from or to any copper or pan made use of in the boiling or making of (bap, save and except one moveable pump for taking out salt pr spent lees, which pump shall be taken out of such copper or pan before the copper or pan shall be locked down by tke officer; and that no maker of soap shall have any cock or perforation or hole in the fide or curb, or bottom or cover of his or her boiler or copper, nor shall have any part of the curb moveable, nor shall use any (yphon, crane, or trinket, but shall take out all lees, soap, or other ingredients, contained in the said copper or boiler, by a pump, or by a ladle only; on paia that any maker of soap, having or keeping any pipe or ciher conveyance from or to any copper or pan made use of in the boilipg or making of soap, save and except such pump as aforesaid, or having any cock or perforation or hole in the fide or curh, or bottom or cover of his or her boiler or copper, or having any part of the curb moveable, or using any syphon, crane, or trinket, shall forfeit and lose, for evfry such ofifeoce, the sum of five hundred pounds: provided always, That it shall be lawful for every maker of soap to have, in the cover dT his or her popper or boiler, small holes, not exceeding one eighth of ai} inch in diameter, for the (learn to escape through the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From Sept. 10, That, from and after the said twentieth day of September, one 17*4, the co- thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the cover and furnace nace door*" door and door of every copper, pan, or other uteni

&c. to be kept used by any maker of hard soap for the boilings or making of locked by the soap, mail, and they are hereby required to be securely locked,

sealed down, by the officer or officers of exciic who survey such trader, at all times, except when such copper,

any convey ance to or from any copper or pan, except one moveable pump { nor any cock or bole in the fide or curb, $c. of bit boiler, nor use any fy-

of penalty of $ool.

[Proviso.]

when work, .&c.

pan, or other utensils, shall be at work, or shall be opened for repairing the feme, or for the inspection of an officer or officers a of

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. €.48* ^3

of excise; and proper locks and keys, and all other necessary Locks and j fastenings, for securing and foaling the said covers and furnace keys to be and attx-hole doors of every fuchcopper, pan, or other utenfii, {^v/^yCbor shall be provided by the respective Purveyors and supervisors of \iCm ei£ excise of the respective distri&s or divisions in which such mak- pence of the era of soap shall respectively reticle, at the expence> the ro- makers., spective makers in each division or dittridt; and whenever such maker of soap shall be desirous of opening such copper, pan, or other utenfii, or the furnace or afh-hole door thereof,' and shall have given to the officer of excise of the division or dittridi, twelve hours notice thereof, if such maker of soap shall reside within the limits of the chief office of excise in Leaden*. or twenty-four hours notice thereof, if such maker of soap shall reside in any other part of Great Britain* then the officer of ex* cife shall attend to open such copper, pan, or other utenfii, or the furnace or a(h-hole door thereof $ and if, by any means, Any person art, device, or contrivance whatsoever, any person shall open c,andeftinely any such copper, pan, or other utenfii, or the furnace or a(h- Soppe"f hole door thereof, after the same shall have been locked and or damaging secured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked such fsfben-and opened by the officer of excise, or (hairwilfully damage or W* (haJtt hurt any such lock or other fattening, every such person shall,tei 100 for every such offence respectively, forfeit and hose the sum of one hundred pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said twentieth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any maker or makers of soap shall obstruct or hinder any officer of excise in the execution of the powers or authorities given to schn or them by this or any other act for the ascertaining or securing the duties upon soap, the person or persons offending the ntin shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pound Si

XI. And* for the better preventing the making of From Sept. 10,

without payment of the duties for the fame be it farther enacted *7*4i1

by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twen- asoften tieth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and eighty*. ts t^Cy think four, it shall be lawful for any'officer or officers of excise so fit, of all ma-take an account from time to time, as often as he or they shall terials for think fit, by gauging, weighing, or oth*rwife, as to him or them shall seem most proper and convenient, of all tallow, oil, possession. rosin, and grease of every kind, and of all materials for makiqg soap-maker soap, which any maker ok soap shall at any time have in his pof- to provide session; and such maker of soap shall provide proper feales and Cidtn*Jke, weights, and assist the officer in weighing and taking such ac- -e

count, on pam of forfeiting twenty pounds: and in case such weighing, Sco, officer shall find any dccreafo of any such materials for making on penalty soap, and shall not receive a satisfactary account thereof, such of sol. N officer shall charge such maker of soap with duties fos such de- Duties to be crease, according to the rales and proportions following* that

iis to say, ' the following

: materials.

For

Soap-makers

obstrudHag officers to forfeit 501.

s

6g£ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1784.

For every fourteen hundred weight, or two hundred and ten gallons of oil* so missing, such officer shall charge any maker of hard soap with the duties on twenty hundred weight of hard (bap:

Rendered For every thirteen hundred weight of rendered tallow fb

tallow* missing, such officer shall charge any maker of hard soap with the duties on twenty hundred weight of such (bap:

Kitchen huff For every thirteen hundred weight apd two quartern of and tallow: kitchen fluff and tallow so missing, such officer shall charge any

jnaktr of hard soap with the duties on twenty hundred weight of such soap:

Tallow rosin For every fourteen hundred weight of tallow, rosin, and oil, *c# 9 (6 missing, such officer shall charge any maker of yellow, brown,

or rosin soap, with the duties on twenty hundred weight of fiach soap.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Soap-makers That every maker and makers of (bap, before he, she, or they to give proper shall charge his, her, or their copper or boiler with any mart* HSfICe rials so* making of soap, shall give to the officer of the division tSy^barge* or place where such (bap is intended to be made, notice in writ-their copper, ing of the particular time and hour when inch maker of foapia-

' tends to charge his or their copper or boiler, as herein after a

What shall be mentioned j (that is to say). If such soap is intended tp.be made deemed pro- at any place within thq limits of the head office of extifain per notice. don> then such notice shall be by the space of twelve hours not before the time of charging such copper or boiler; and if such (bap is intended to be made at any other place, out of the linis aforesaid, then such notice shall be by the space of twenty-four hours next before the time of charging such copper or boiler; On failure of on pain of forfeiting and losing the sum of one hundred pounds giving such at every time when any maker of soap shall begin to charge hes notice, to for- or her copper or boiler without first giving such notice as afore-tau tool. ftc. arK| jf such maker of soap shall not begin to charge his or her copper or boiler within the space of three hours next after the particular time or hour mentioned in such notice, then such notice shall be void j and every maker of soap who, after the expiration of the said time, shall begin to charge his or her copper or boiler, without having first given a new or other like notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred ' pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Soapmakerto That every maker of soap shall, before charging his or her cop-weigh, in pre- per or boiler with any materials for making of soap, weigh, in fence of the t^e presence of the officer, all the rosin, tallow, grease, or other; ^‘materials materials with which such maker of soap intends to charge his with which be or her copper or boiler, and all such rosin, tallow, grease, or intends to other materials, shall be put into the copper or boiler in the charge his prefepce of the officer and in case the quantity of hard soap, copper* c. afterwards produced therefrom, shall be found by the.gauge, in

the frames to be less than ought to have been produced accord-c Ing

x 784O Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4$. Ofy

ing to the rates and proportions tiereift-before mentioned, then the deficiency therein shall be charged with the duties thereupon, according to the fates and proportions herein-before mentioned: provided always, That if any maker of soap shall have charged the copper or boiler with rough fat or rough kitchen grease, then eight pounds of rough fat shall be deemed equal to seven pounds of tallow, and five pounds of rough kitchen grease shall be deemed equal to four pounds of clean kitchen grease.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no maker or makers of hard (oap shall, after the twentieth No fcnpmak* day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, eraftCTSepu

fell any hard soap but in the (hape or form of cakes or bars, or what is commonly called or known by the name of Soap 5 soap but in the and that all scraps and parings of hard soap shall be returned (hap of cake* into the copper or boiler, in the presence of the officer immedi- w ®ar,» ately after the soap that has been put into* the frames from any all (crept one boiling shall have been cut up for sale; on pain that every foall^ben? maker of hard soap, felling any such hard soap in any other form turned into than as aforesaid, or not returning all scraps or parings of hard the copper, m soap into the copper or boiler, in the presence of the officer* Pgd«^onl»* immediately as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred on pounds for each offence. loolT^ J

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules. The powei* methods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters and things,

which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (iritlttiled, An taking away relative toe*.

the tourt of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights cife duties,

service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty

in lieu thereof), or by any other law now in force relating to his tngdriiafh* Majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under the manage- 8 ment of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled, or established, for securing; enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punching frauds relating thereto (other than in such cases for which other penalries or provisions are prescribed by this act), shall be exercised practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods,’ penalties, forteitftres, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Penalties and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, bf such ways, forfeitures means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law applied.

Limitation of a&iops.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georg I r HI. c. 49. [1784.

or laws of excite, or by action of debt,' bill, plaint* or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at H?tftmMfltr9 or in the court of exchequer in Scotland* re(pfe£Hvely; and that; one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture* shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform* discover, or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such aoion or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or de-Gcoeral iffoe. fendants in such action or suit may plead the general rffue, and give tills act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be ’ had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the de-

fendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs Stall become nonsuited, or discontinue his* her, or their action or profccu* tion, or judgment shall be given against him, her* or thee, upon demurrer or otherwise* then such defendant or defeodaou Treble costs, shall have treble costs awarded to him* her* or them, aganft such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

NC A P< XLIX.

An act for granting additional duties upon raw fiH u*

'ported into Great Britain, and upon lead exported from Grot Britain into parts beyond the seas \ and for allowing a drawled upon the exportation offilks, and stuffs mixed

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subject, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembted, kn

wards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majestyi publick expences, have freely and.voluntarily resolved to grvf and grant unto your Majesty tKb several rates, duties and ka* positions herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, From Sept.io, That, from and after the twentieth day of, one thou-

1784, the fol- sand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, le-lowing a 1- \\cd9 collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors* for and upon the goods herein after mentioned, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon* the several and respective duties follow* ing, that is to say.

tional duties to be paid to his Majesty;, videlicet.

Paw silk im- For every pound of raw silk, each pound containing twenty* four ounces, imported or brought into the kingdom of Gross

Bntainy the sum of $wo shillings and nine-pence:

Far

iogIe

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49.

For every pound of fhrown (ilk, edch pound containing fix- Thrown silk, teen ounces, imported or brought into the kingdom of*. per pound* Britain, the sum of two shillings:

And for and upon all lead, cast and uncaftthe fodder or Lead export-ton, containing twenty hundred weight avoirdupois, which dialled, il. is the be exported from Great Britain to any parts beyond the fcas, ton« the sum of one pound, one shilling; and after those rates for any greater or less quantities:

And the said duties shall be also fub}e& and liable to an additional impost or duty of five pounds per centum and five pounds per centum thereon, in the same manner, and under the fame regulations, as the said duties were imposed by two several a<ffs of parliament, made in the nineteenth and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, for granting to his additional duties

upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective commijftorters of the customs and excise in Great Britain.

II. Andy to promote and encourage the manufactures in this kingdom, and the exportation thereof into foreign parts 9 it is expedient that a further premium or bounty should be allowed thereof in proportion to the additional duties granted by this act on The importation of raw and thrown silk; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the first day of Atarchy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, over and above the former bounties allowed on the exportation of the several articles herein-afrer specified, there shall ti allowed and paid to t^ie exporter thereof.

Duties liable to the additional 5 per cents thereosu, imposed by 19 Geo. 3. c. a 5; and % Geo. 3. c. 66.

For all ribbons and duffs of (ille, (excepr gauzes), made in Great Britain the sum of two shillings for every poqnd weight avoirdupois:

For all silks and ribbons, made in Great Britain of silk mixed with gold or silver, the sum of two shillings and eight-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois:

For all silk (lockings, silk gloves, silk fringes, silk laces, ditching or sewing silk, made in Great Britain, the sum of one shilling and nine-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois: For all duffs of silk and grogram yarn, made in Great, the sum of sixpence for every pound weight avoirdupois:

For all duffs, made in Great of silk mixed with incle

or cotton, the sum of eight-pence for every pound weight avoirdupois

For all duffs, made in Greatof silk and worded, the

Ann of four-pence for every pound weigh t avoirdupois j and in those proportion for any greater or lesser quantity: '

Which said several allowances shall be paid in the same manner and form, by the same rules, regulations, and redri(5tions, under the fame securities, and subject to the same penalties and forfeitures, as the former bounties granted on the like articles are paid and SHowed, arrd are subject and liable to by any atf

or

From March i» >7*5* additional bounties to be allowed on exportation of the following articles of British manufactures t

Silk ribbons and Huffs, *» per pounds Silks and ribbons mixed with gold, &c* as. Sd. per pound:

Silk Hock-ines,&c. i«. 9<f per pounds Stuffs of silk and grogram, 6d. per pound* Of (ilk and eottoff, 8 d. per pounds Of silk and worsted, *d* per pound*

Duties to be under the management of Commissioners of customs;

and levied and recovered in the feme manner as the fbrmer duties.

A book to be provided the auditor of the each* quer.in which the duties shall be entered fc* parate from all others. Application /(hereof.

If the duties granted by this and other a As of the present session mall not be liij&oicntto pay the annuities granted by the lot* tery act.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49. [1784.

or acts of parliament in force, except where any alteration is made by this act

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties herein-before granted shall be under the management and direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever, and shall be drawn back upon the exportation of such foreign goods as paid the duties hereby granted upon the importation thereof; and the said duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and the drawbacks allowed in the same manner and form, and under the like restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are refjped-ively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and allowed (except where any alteration is made by this act), as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, in any adfc or acts of parliament now in force relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act; and the said duties hereby granted, shall (the necessary charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the uses and purposes in this act directed.'

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separste and apart from all other monies paid and payable tq his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever j and the said money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, except so much thereof as is herein-before other wise appropriated, shall, together with such other rates, duties, and revenues, as shall be granted by any a A or a$s of this session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable, purfeant to an a<5l of this present session of parliament, (intituled, /a raffing a or-v

tainfum of money by way of annuities, and for cjlablifiring a lottery.

V. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That

if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of the several duties granted by this altogether with the several other duties, revenues, and taxes, granted, in this session of parliament, for the payment of the several annuities of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per centnmy and" of five shillings

and sixpence per centum* in respect of fix otilKons: borrowed in pursuance of an a£ of this present session of parliament, (inti* tujed. An act for raffing a certain f of money by way afanatUie$% and for establishing a lottery), shall not be sufficient to pay and

ejifeharge fhp feyprftl annuities of three pounds per, and

of

*7*4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49* *9*

of four pounds per centum, and also the said annuity of five shillings and sixpence per centum, to continue for seventy-five years and six months, from the fifth day of J, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and then to cease, together with the other charges and expences attending the said respective annuities, to be satisfied and paid out of the fame at the end of any or either of the half-yearly dzys of payment at which the same are directed by the said act to be paid; then, and so often and the deficiency in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may fu£ be supplied out of any of the monies which at any time or times thefiniSiig shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur- fond" plufles, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such monies of \hesaid sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufc or uses by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf) 5 and such monies of the said (inking fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any time or times before any monies of the said fund to be established as aforesaid shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the mo-

ney so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the monies, of the sinking fund, (except’as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever monies shall be issued out of the said which (halt be sinking fund^ shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

VII. Provided always, and be it eha&ed by the authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any surplue or remainder Surpfo*, if > of the monies arising by the said fund, after the said several and respective annuities, and also the annuities granted in respect of W',ed* the money due for bills payable in the course of the navy and victualliftg offices, and for transports, and also for ordnance debentures, converted into annuities in pursuanbe of an act made in this fefitan of parliament, and aR arrears thereof, are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpoSe, such surplus or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for paying the taterest of the remaining navy bills, and for payment of the ordnance debentures, as the same shall respectively become d^e and payablej and also for the payment of any annuity or annuities which may hereafter be created for the discharge of the said navy tails and ordnance debentures respectively $ and the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treaftirer for the time being, are or ' is hereby authorised and impowered to issue and apply the fiimq accordingly*

6&

7

[Preamble.]

From 061. t, 1784, the following duties to be paid to his Majesty; Viz.

All retailers of felt or beaver hats, in Great Britain, to take out a licence annually:

For which shall be paid, within the bills of mortality or borough of Southwark, 40s.:

Anno- vkcCmo quarto Gsbium UK c. 50, $i. [rjt4. CAP. L.

An act to revive and continue several laws, reTafing to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonics in America $ and to the allowing a drawback of the dutieso* ram shipped as Bores, to be confamed on board merchant ships on their voyages; and to extend the provisions of an act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, relative to the removal of wine in calks, to wine removed in bottles and other packages.

So much of aft 16 Geo. y. c. 37. as relates to the exportation of wheat. See. to the sugar colonies, rerived, and continued until May t, 17S5. So much of an act 19 Geo. 3. c. si. as relates to a drawback on rum shipped as (lores on board merchant ships, revived, and continued untH April 1, 1786. Act S3 Geo. 3. c. 76. recited. From Sept, so, 1784, the receited act, lb far as it relates to the removal of wine without a certificate, fix. shall extend to the removal of wine in bottles, oc other packages.

CAP. LI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on, to it

taken out by per fans vending bats by retail; and certain duties

on bats fold under such licences; and for laying additional duties all hats and caps imported into this kingdot/L

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, ycfur Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fiibyedts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assemblied, towards1 railing, by the most'easy means, the necessary supplies which we have granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that k mar be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the pd vice and consent o? the lords spirkual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of Ofhber9 one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdomrof Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors the several rates and duties following; that is to say,

All persons uttering or vending, in by retail,

any hats, commonly called or known by the name of or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any leather or japanned hats, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose in manner herein after prescribed:

~ And where the person, so uttering or vending by retail such hats as aforesaid, shall reside within the cities of London and Westminster, or within the distance of the bills of mortality, or within the borough of Southwark in the county of, there shall be charged a damp-duty of forty shillings;

And

*7^40 Anno vicesimo quarto Geojig n III. C. 51.

And where the person, so uttering or vending by retail any And lit cities such hats as aforesaid, shall reside in any city or market town, J^J* other than the cities of London and We, or borough of out the bills Southwark in the county of Surrey y there shall be charged.act: stamp duty of five shillings

And where the person, uttering or vending by retail any such And in other hats as aforesaid, who shall reside in any other part of

Britain, not being a city or market town, there shall be charged s ’*

a stamp duty of five shillings:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or For every felt japanned hat, not exceeding the price or value of four shillings, hat*

which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any person or pet*- ceeding 4§.*in fans taking out such licences, there shall be charged a (lamp- value, 3d.: duty of three-pence:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or From4s. to japanned hat, exceeding the price or value of four shillings, and duty of not above the price or value of seven shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any person or persons taking out such licences, there shall be charged a stamp duty of sixpence:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or From 71. to japahned hat, above the price or value of seven shillings, and JfVsTi not exceeding the pried or value of twelve shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any person taking out such licences, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one shilling:

For every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather or And above japanned hat, exceeding the price or value of twelve shillings, *8«ldutyW which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any person or persons taking out such licences, there shall be charged a stamp duty of two shillings:

II. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more Duties to be effectual levying and cohering all the said duties herein-before ILnan^sent granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and of thecom-tnanagethent of the commissioners for the time lieing appointed missioners of to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, pirchment, damps.

or paper $ who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ such officers under them for (hat purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such stamps to denote the said duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf j and to do ^11 Other things necessary to be done for putting this act into ‘execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein-be-'fore granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.*

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first From Oct. t,

day of Oflobir> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, Per*

t\o, person whatsoever required by this act to be licensed shall, b°a" herein

unless he of the be licensed in manner herein after prescribed, mentioned

utter, vend, or fell, any felt or wool, (luff or beaver hats, or without a li-> ,r- vwtv.'. -f - - cence.

Vol. XXXIV.

A a a

any

694 Anno vicesimo quarto GeoroII III. c. 51. [1784.

any leather or japanned hats, in Great Britain, upon pain to on penalty of forfeit, for every offence, the sum of fifty pound* i to be reco* S^I. vered and applied as herein after is directed.

Any two com-

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tniilionert of pacing of this act, any two or more of his Majesty's commit-stanips, or loners, appointed fdr managing the duties arifmgby damps on pointed by" vellum, parchment, and paper, or some person duly autho-

them, may rized by them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall

grautlicences, apply for the fame, to fell felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or leather or japanned hats, in any city, town, or other place within Great Britain, for the space of one year, to commence from the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first granted to any person or persons after the said first day of, one thousand seven Hundred and eighty-four, to commence from the day of the date of Licences to bev evety such licence; and all and every person and persons who renewed an- shall take out such licence for felling hats, shall take out a fireih filially. licence for another year, ten days at lead before the expiration of that year for which he or she shall be so licensed, if he*or (be shall continue to fell hats by retail; and shall, inf like manner, renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for the (lamps on such licence, as long as he or she shall continue to fell hats by retail.

Every licensed V. And be it further enacted, That every person vending or retailer to exposing to sale hats by retail, and who shall have taken out i ha^tlD 1 licence for that purpose as herein-before is directed,‘' shall cause inHatsby.Re- the words Dealer in Hats by, to be painted or written in tail, over the large and legible characters, either over the door, or in feme door or on the visible place on the front of his or their house, (hop, or ware-front of his house, at the respective place at which he or they keep such hats house, «c. for sale, to denote that such person or persons is a dealer in hats, and licensed for that purpose; and if any person so licensed as aforesaid, shall presume to fell any hats, without fixing or hanging out such notice as aforesaid, every person so vending or exon penalty of posing to sale any hats shall, for every hat so fold, forfeit and 40s. for each pay t)lc sum of forty shillings p to be recovered and distributtd bat fold. as herein after is directed.

Unlicensed VI, And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons persons put- shall cause the words Dealer in Hats to be aftixed or put in the wofd*Pto 0fC fr°nt h,s> her, or their house or (hop, or warehouse, without forfeit 50l. being I confed as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so offeriding shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And whereas doubts may arise what person or persons maybe considered a retail dealer or dealers in bats within the construction tf Who shall be this act; be it therefore enacted and declared, That all persons deemed re- who shall fell any less quantity than one dozen of hats at one tailert ot hats. time to any one person> shall be deemed a retailer of hats, and shall be liable to take out a licence for that purpose.

Stamped pa- VIII. And% in order to secure the duty aforesaid^ be it further CrlffikH*to cn*e(,i That every person uttering or vending by retail, or be affixed to a expotog

pointed by them, For paper tickets, stamped with the several "at8* and respective duties hereby imposed, to be parted or affixed, by the person or persons so uttering or vending by retail such hat or hats as aforesaid, to the lining in the inside of the crown of such hats, in such manner and form as the said commissioners shall dire#; and every felt or wool, (luff or beaver hat, or any agreeable to -leather or japanned hat, uttered, vended, or fold, by any Per" o^h^cotn-"1 Ion or persons taking out the licence required by this act, shall missionera." have affixed thereto such stamped ticket, mark, or device, and; in such manner and form, and in such part of the inside thereof, as the commissioners of his Majesty's stamp-duties shall from time to time direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Person9 fel-

(half vend, utter, fell, or expose to sale, or shall purchase, or ungt &u.’any receive in exchange for any other article, any hat or hats, subject to the (lamp-duties1 hereby imposed, unless the (lamp ticket without a pro* hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall be affixed and per stamp* marked and damped as by this a<5l is directed, or that shall have any ticket affixed thereto marked or stamped with a (lamp or mark of less denomination Or value than by this a<5l is directed to be affixed; every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such hat so fold, uttered, or exposed to forfeit ipL to sale, of so bought Or received in exchange, the sum of < ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-Not to extend thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex- to one licenced

tend, to any person licensed in pursuance of this act, who shall J^Jnother1 fell to any other retailer of hats also licensed, any hat or hats, although the (lamp ticket hereby directed to be affixed to the same shall not be affixed and marked and stamped as by this a is directed.

XI And,to frtven tthe mark or stamp hereby directed to be

which hat been affixed to any but, from being made tfi of again to affix to any other hat, be it ena<$lea. That if any person or per- Personi frtrn-fons shall fraudulently cut, tear, or take off, any mark or (lamp, dulendy rear-, in respect whereof or by which any duties are hereby payable K for any hat, or shall fraudulently affix or parte on in any hat, stamp already any ticket hereby directed to be stamped, the fame having been "fed in any once made use of for the purpose aforesaid, and shall hereafter hat» &c% fell, utter, or expose to sale, any hat with such ticket so fraudulently cut from, taken off, or removed; then, so often, and in every such case, all and every person and persons so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall forfeit the shall Forfeit sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein- *ol. after is directed.

XII. And,to prevent persons, so licensed as aforesaid, from felling end buying any tickets which have been before made offor'denot-

ing any of the duties' by this act imposed, for preventing such

A a a 2

frauds

:ed

696 Anno vicesimo quarto GeoROJI 11L C. 51-

No person to frauds 5 be it enacted, That if any person shall, fi;om and, after 1*2^ l^e Pa*ln5 of l^ls a<*> fcM or buy any ^uch ticket, in order lobe use<£ &c. agam made use of to be affixed to any hat liable to the duty

hereby imposed, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That c,t|ler

buyer or feller of any such ticket, or of any hat not having,

the proper ticket affixed thereto, as a fore fa id, shall inforpi

against the other party concerned in buying or selling such

ticket, or such hat not having the proper stampetj ticket affixed thereto, as aforesaid, the party to offending shall be adroit' ted to give evidence against the party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the penalties by him or her incuficfl.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any person or "verrng in bills persons, licensed in pursuance of this act, shall deliver in aiy tottie^uties, bill or charge for any hat or hats ffubjcdl to the duties hereby

imposed), such person or persons shall make a distindk and fe* parate charge for the (lamp or (lamps which shall have been affixed to the hat or hats so charged in such bill.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeW

Persons coun- That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be terfeiting counterfeited or forged, any (lamp or mark directed or allow* Ramps, with ed |0 be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting tli« fraud* hi°Ma- duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or refembk tk jedy, to suffer impression of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, death as fe- his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; or (bill Ions. privately or fraudulently use any seal, (lamp, or mark, direct*

ed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duti^i every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully copvio' ed, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cafc of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeiM Provisions of That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other mat* former acts ie- ters arwj things prescribed or appointed by any former act or (bmp-duties, a<^s parliament relating to the stamp-duties on vellum.

on penalty of sol.

Either buyer or feller who shall inform: against the other patty, (brail be indemnified.

Retailers deli-

shall make a - separate charge for the stamps

to be in force In executing this act.

parchment, and paper, shall be of full force and effect with rc* lation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be*Fj plied and put in execution for railing, levying, coining, securing the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, accord* »ng to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to*1 intents and purposes, as if the fame bad severally and rciptf* tively been hereby enabled with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aty Tj Penalties,(bed That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divide for within fix and distributed (if sued for within the space of (U cakn$r month*, how monljls from the tjme Qf any such penalty being incurred) ,n manner following 5 one moiety thereof to- his r?

heirs and successors, and the other moiety ihffttfs W

to be divided.

»7*4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 51.'

*97

tofts of salt, to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary penalties which shall exceed the sum of Penalties ex* twenty pounds, imposed on any person or persons for offences 5^ding|?°1, Committed against this act, shall and may be sued for and re*

covered in any of his Majesty's courts at, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called

the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed and in his Majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege.

Wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such division or distribution of the Informers^10^ penalties as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and intitled to any restricted to the prosecuting for the fame within the time on-

hereim before for that purpose limited; and that in default of jess sued for such prosecution within the time aforesaid, no informer or in- within fix formers' shall have or be irltitled to any part or share of such months, penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Any neigh-any justice of the peace redding near the place where the of- touring juf- j fence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects. the offender to any pecuniary fence8 where penalty not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds; which said the penalties justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required, upon do not exceed any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, and shall examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness orwit-nesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures, so adjudged, on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the oQcnder cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there* to remain for the (pace of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be a-

(ooner paid and satisfied; and if any person or persons shall grieved by find hirafelf or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such determt-such justice, thenr he or they shall and may, upon givinfg fecu- nation, may rity to th,e amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, Jitter fef A a a 3 together JQnu

peffops sum-tnoaed as wit-weflcs who ishall neglect to appear, without a reasonable ex- N cufe, to forfeit 40 «.

Justice may mitigate pe-palqes.

Prom Oct.jm 17*4# the following additional import duties to be paid to his Majesty vi?.

For hats, made of felt, j$d. the piece s

For every hat made of beaver wool, &c. fs.

Duties to be

fu^jt-ft to aij additional im-

P°?of5p?r

Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGnrlU. C. 51* [17I4J

together with such costs as. shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county* riding, or place, who are hereby impowered to furnmon witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay costs oc* cafioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be fuitfmoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty (M-jings $ to be levied and paid in fuclvmanner and by such means as herein before directed as to other penalties: provided newr* theless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reafoaable costs and charges 0! the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery!S in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the

penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred over

and above the said costs and charges aOy thing contained in this act, or any other act of parliament, to the contrary not-yyithstanding.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paw> to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, foj the several goods herein after mentioned, which shall, from and after the said first day of OMfr, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties, already imposed thereon, fhp several and rdjpe&tt duties following j that is to say.

For all hats or caps (except night-caps)* made of frfc manufactured wholly of sheep or lambs., Wool, the sum of pence the piece: r '

For every hat made of, or mixed with,: beaver woolv or w!ft hair, or other fur qr wool of whatever kiqd, the (uni of t*0 shillings: '.

And the said duties shall be also subject and liable to an actional impost or doty of five pounds nd five po^5

pit untum thereon, y&fh were imposed by two several ac J

I7&4-]Anno vicesimo quarto GeqRGII III. C. 5?. _ 699

made in the nineteenth, and twenty-second years of his Majes- cent, and 5 per ty’s, reign, for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the impo^Ey"' produce of the several duties under the management of the respective J9 Geo. 3. commissmers of the tujloms and excise in Great Britain. c. 15 \ and

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Gc* 3j<; aforesaid, That the said duties herein-before granted upon the Import duties importation of such hats shall be under the management and to be under direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready COnimission-money, without any discount or deduction whatsoever, and ert of curtwros, shall be drawn back upon the exportation of the fame goods; and drawn and the said duties and drawbacks shall be raised, levied, col- ^ution1* le&ed, recovered, paid, and allowed, in the same manner and por a 9 form, and under such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by. such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are respectively raised, levied, and to be collected, recovered, paid, and allowed, (except where ar.^ al- levied and re-tecation is made by this act), as fully, to all intents and pur- manner* poses, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, the former and forfeitures, in any alhor a els of parliament relating the re- duties, &c. to, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present a<$t.

XXIV. And)for encouraging the exportation of hats into foreign

parts, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Hats, two to and for any person or persons, licensed in pursuance of this dosen in one act, to export any number of hats, not less in quantity than S^exSrted* two dozen in any one package* without having the (lamp without bav-ticket affixed thereto as herein-before is directed, upon giving ing theftamp notice to the distributor of stamps living neared to the place tj^leet a®*e<* where the person so exporting such hats shall reside, and ob- thereto» u taining from him a certificate thereof, which he is hereby directed to give, without fee or reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein-before granted shall be paid Duties to be from time to time into the hands of the receiver general for r^Je/gene* the time being of the duties on stamped vellum,-parchment, ral of (lamp, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of dune*. and by the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary h,m Pa'd into charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being the e*chcSucr* deducted), into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt shall be pro- Auditor to vided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arif- provide a book ing from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said [{£ mofoTes8 receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered, separate and apart from separate from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or all others, successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money Application fp paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be thereof, a fund for the payment of the several annuities and all other charges and expcoccs as are directed to be paid and payable,

A a a 4. pprfuant

-joo Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 52,53. [1784.

pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, (intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery).

AXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Defendants That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, may ple*d the molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or general issue, executed in pu'spance of this act, or of any clause, mater, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall and recover have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff yretylp coils, or plaintiffs.

CAP. £11.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills ' for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

Comnvfiioners of the treasury may raise i,qoq,ooq I. by loans and exchequer bills before Jai). 5, 178 in manner as by the malt act of last session is prescribed, See. The ctaufes in the said act relating to loans or bills* (Exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills (o issued not to here* ceived again in payment of any taxes* nor exchanged before April 6,1715* Action not to he for such refusal Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted be* fore July 5* 1785, to be charged on the sinking fund. Monies so ifloedto he replaced out of the firit supplies. Bank of England authorized to d-yance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 3c £ Gqj. Man# not*ithltapding.

CAP. LIII.

An act for granting to his certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported, and certain duties on all gold

wrought plate made in Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Jtyeamblf. TX7E your Majesty's mo^ dutifulan^ loyal subjects, the commons of Great Br, in parliament assembled, being deOrous to raise the fu^ply granted to your Majesty in this tel*

(ion of parliament by ways the lead burthensome to your M* jedy-s subjects, have freely and voluntarily refolded to give and grant unto your Majesty the respective duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King?s most excellent m*-jedy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituil From Dec. tCfWpPra^i and commons, in this present parliament v-

iy8^, the fob Enabled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and lowing duties after the fird day of Decem, one thousand seven hundred uPJnr§°4 and eighty-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and pl'ate tobe Pa*» throughout the kingdom of Great, unto and for

paid to his *he u^c of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon Majestyrj vis. all gold and silver plate which shall be imported or brought into

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53^ yot

the kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all gold and *1

diver plate to be made or wrought within the same kingdom, the several and respective rates and duties followings that is to say,

For and upon all gold plate which, at any time or times af~ For gold plate ter the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and imported into eighty-four, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom Gr^Briuio. of Great Britain, or which shall be made or wrought within the an addition fame kingdom at any time or times from and after the said duty of 81. first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty- per ounces four, and which shall or ought to be touched, assayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other duties already imposed thereupon, a duty after the rate of eight shillings for every ounce troy s and proportionably for any greater pr less quantity:

And for and upon all silver plate which, at any time or For fiNer plats times after the first day of December, one thousand seven hun- "ported^ into dred and eighty-four, shall be imported or brought into the Gr«t Britain* kingdom of Great Britain, or which shall be made or wrought an additional within the same kingdom, at any time or times from and af- duty of 6 d. ter the said first day of December9one thousand seven hundred Per 0ttnce» and eighty-four, and which shall or ought to be touched, allayed, and marked in Great Britain, over and above all other duties already imposed thereupon, a duty after the rate of six-pence for every ounce troy $ and proportionably for any greater pr less quantity:

To be paid by the importer, or makers or workers thereof respectively, as in and by this a<Sl is directed and prescribed.

II. Andy for the better and more effectual, col-.

]e fling, and payings the said duties herein-befo be it fur-

ther enabled, That the fame, as far as relates to gold and fil- The duties on ver plate made or wrought in Great Br shall be under the pl*le n,ad« \n government, care, and management of the commissioners for under

the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his manag*-

Majesty, his heirs and successors, and charged on stamped ment of the vellum, parchment, and paper; and they, or the major part commission-of them, are hereby authorised and required, from time to ers °* time, to appoint and employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be necessary; and to do all other alts, matters, and things, necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said duties on gold and diver plate made pr wrought in Great Britain, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said duties by this The duties on (t<fl imposed upon wrought gold and silver plate to be imported, cdto be under shall be put under |hc qur$ and management of his Majesty's the manage-

Coippaimoners meat of tta

702 AnnorvIccGaia quarto Ge.QRGH III.X. 53. [1784.

commissioners commissioners of the cu(loins in, and Siottand respect

otcustoms. lively, and shall be raised* levied, recovered, and paid, and be brought into the exchequer, (to and for ^ie uses and purposes in this act expressed), by such rules, ways, means* and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as the duties upon gilt and silver wire imported, imposed by an act of the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, or by any act of parliament relating, thereto, are prescribed and appointed to be raised, levied, re-

covered, answered, and paid.

From Dec. 1.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every working goldsmith and silversmith, or other manufacturer of gold or filter shall send to whatsoever, who shall, at any tjme or times after the said first the assay of- day of December, one thousand seven hundred ai^d eighty-four, fice, with work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any gold or everyparcel silver vessel, plate or manufadhire of gold or silver whatsoever, filvw, a^»rit- reclujred to be touched, assayed* and marked* by the company tfn note: of goldsmiths in London, or the company of goldsmiths in

burgh, or by the Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the wardens and a (layer or a flayers at, Bristol, Chefa

Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tynef shall from time to time fend, with every parcel of such gold 6r silver, to the allay office of the said respective companies, cities, and places, a particulars to note or memorandum fairly written; containing the day of the

be specified month and year, the christian and fumame or the worker or

therein* maker, and place of his or her abode, and also all the species

in such parcel of plate, and the number of each species, with the total weight of such parcel, and also the sum of money payable for the duty upon the total weight of such parcel; and also shall from time to time fend, deliver, and pay, with every such parcel, to the officer belonging to such respective afliy office who shall receive such parcel of gold or silver so sent to be touched, assayed, and marked, the duty by this act directed to be paid upon every such parcel of gold or silver so required to be touched, assayed, and masked. y\*tt bow to V. And be it further enacted, That the wardens, or their be marked* deputy assay-matter, weigher, or orher person appointed by the said respective companies or assay officers, shall mark with the following new mark, tl>at is to say, with the mark of the King’s head, over and besides the several other marks directd by law, all and every such pieces or parcels of gold or silver

Duties to be plate so sent to be touched, marked, and assayed; and

paid previous previous to the touching, marking, or assaying such gold or yotbemai Jj[ver plate or manufacture, ask, demand, and receive,

"* the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of and fro®

the person or persons whole property is so required to be touched, marked, and assayed, the sum of eight shillings for every ounce of gold plate, or manufacture of gold, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall be brought ro the said respective assay offices to be touched, marked, *n assayed as aforesaid $ and also the sum of sixpence lor every

i?^4*TAnno vicesimo quarto<3E6RGH HI. c. 53. 703

ounce of silver plate or manufacture of silver, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall be brought to the said respective allay offices to be touched, marked; and oiTayed as aforesaid; and shall give a receipt for the duty so paid Receipt* to be ffc the person or persons bringing such plate or manufacture 5 *or t"e and in default of receiving such duty, in manner aforesaid, such respective companies or assay offices so touching, marking, or assaying such plate, shall be accountable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the said duty, as if the fame had actually been by them received.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the assay matter, Assay matters, weigher, or other officer of the said respective companies ?c‘.lopftJ5her or assay offices, who shall, from time to time, from and after ijUcr*thenotea the said first day of December,one thousand seven hundred and they receive, eighty-four, take and receive the said monies and duties, with daily, to the, the said notes or memorandums, shall daily, as soon as he shall c,erle or have entered the fame in the book or books of the said respect coumant» five companies or assay offices, deliver the said notes or memorandums, and pay the said sums of money and duties so by him received, to the clerk or accountant of the said respective companies or assay offices, who shall file the fame notes or memorandums, and enter the fame, and keep a true and faithful account in writing, in books to be kept for that particular purpose of the duties received by him under and by virtue of this act; which said account shall at all times be open for the ihfpection of any person or persons doly authorized, under the hands and seals of the said commissioners of the stamp-duties* or the major part of them, to inspect the same.

VII. And whereas gold or silver wares, when sent to be marked

and assayed, are sent in so rude and rough'a that the fame in

the pnishing are greatly lessened in weighty be it therefore enacted,

That the person appointed by the said companies or assay offi- An allowance ces to take and receive the monies and duties by this act di- °* the

fected, shall, where such plate is sent to be marked and af- ^ade^or* fayed in the fame rude and rough state as heretofore has been goodi sent to usual, make a deduction of one fifth from the weight, and an be afTayedin* allowance of one fifth part of the duty hereby imposed, to the rough state. person or persons bringing the same; and shall, at the bottom of the note or memorandum herein-before directed to bC kept dnd filed, express the deduClion from the weight, and the allowance of the duty accordingly: provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any allowance being made on any quantity of silver plate or manufacture, less in weight than one ounce troy, nor to any fradional part of an ounce. Gold or filven

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Plat*made said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no goldfmirh, silversmith, oir other person what- be (old or ex. soever, making or felling, trading or dealing in, gold or (il- changed, or ver wires, shall fell, exchange, or expolc to sale, in Great *xPort^J«» Britain^ any gold or silver vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold b^hTs aft

% 4 pr directed j

on penalty of $ol*

and forfeiture of the goods.

Particular wares to which this a A shall not extend.

it Geo. a. c. a6.

Duty to be returned for all gold and filler defaced for being coarser than' the standard (if no intend, ed fraud shall appear).

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53. f;1784.

or silver whatsoever, made after the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or export the fame out of the kingdom of Great Britain, until such time as such vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold, (being of the standard directed by law) and such vessel, plate, or manufacture of silver, (being likewise of the standard directed by law) shall be marked with the new mark herein-before directed, (that is to say), The King's head, over and besides all other marks already directed by iaw to be marked or impressed thereon, upon pain that every such goldsmith, silversmith, or other person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as herein after is directed 5 and for default of not paying down the penalty upon conviction, shall be committed by the court, in which judgement shall be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place where convicted, there to remain, and to be kept to hard labour, for anytime not exceeding the space of one year, nor less than six months, or until payment be made of the said forfeiture; and also upon pain that such gold and diver vessel, plate, and manufacture of gold and diver, which shall be fold, exchanged, or exposed to sale, without having the mark thereon as by this act is directed, shall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the Icing's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who shall sue for the same.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no-

thing in this act contained shall extend to any jewellers works, (that "is so say), any gold or diver wherein any jewels or other stones are or shall be let (other than mourning rings), nor to any jointed night ear.rings of gold, or gold springs of lodkets, nor to compel any of the wares of gold or diver to be damped or marked with the damp or mark directed by this act, which are particularly excepted in the act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for thebetur preventing frauds and abuses in geld and silver

X. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That when

any parcel of gold or diver shall in any of the respective allay offices aforesaid be found to be of a coarser allay than the re-speClive standards, and shall be cut, broken, and defaced, then, and in such case (and where no intended fraud shall appear) the duty granted by this act, and which shall have been paid upon every such parcel upon the delivery thereof to be a(Tayed, shall be returned to the worker or maker by the companies or assay offices who shall cut, break, or deface such gold or silver work or manufacture so brought to be touched, afiayed, and marked; and the said companies and assay offices shall make an entry in the books herein-before directed to be kept by them of the species and weight of each parcel so cut, broken, and defaced by rhem^ and the names of the persons to whom such gold and silver plate i|id belong, apd the amount of the fhjtv fp returned. T

, j 784#] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III/ 7°£

XI. jindy in order to prevent any injury to the manufacturers of New dutie« gold and silver plate, and for the better encouragement of the expor- Pa*<J for plate cation thereof, be it enacted, That, in case any person or persons back one* whatsoever shall, at any time or times after the said first day of portatioa December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, during thereof, the continuance of the duties by this act imposed upon wrought plate, or manufactures of gold and silver, export by way of merchandize for any foreign parts, any plate of gold or silver wrought or manufactured in this kingdom, which by this act is charged or chargeable with the said respective duties of eight shillings per ounce, and sixpence per ounce, and the lame shall appear to have been made and marked as aforesaid, after the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty*«our, and the duty hereby directed shall have been paid t thereon, and shall give sufficient security before the shipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of such ' plate, or manufactures of gold or silver intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall not. be relanded or brought ^ain into Great Britain, and shall mak^ proof,

upon oath, tfiat the fame gold qr silver plate, or manpfacturef, were actually made or marked as aforesaid, after the said frjft day of December, one thousand seven hundred and e^hty-four, which securities shall be taken in the King’s name, and to his '

use, and the said oaths shall be administered, by the customfr or collector of the respective pprt for such exportation; and and shall also produce and deliver to such customer or collector / c a certificate, pnder the hand of the person to whom such wrought plate or manufactures of gold and silver were consign-, ‘ ! ed, certifying that the fame have been received, and mentioning the weight and particular species of plate so consigned and Received, the name of the person consigning the fame, the ' fJ, name of the vessel, and the name, of the captain commanding such vessel, and the port of Great Britain from which the said ' vessel was cleared, and the port to which such vessel was bound; ' '

and shall also, where the drawback shall amount to five pounds and upwards, authenticate such certificate by a notorial act in writing; and where the fame cannot be dope by a notorial act,. ,1

then the same shall be authenticated under the hand and Teal of the chief magistrate of the city, town, or place where such wrought plate or manufacture of gold and silver shall be received; that then, and ip every such case, the said customer or collector shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, expressing the true kinds and quantities of such plate and manufactures o? gold or silver so exported, or shipped to be exported; and the exportation or shipping thereof being certified by the searcher upon the said debenture, the collector or receiver of the said duty on plate, upop the said debenture so certified being pro- ~ -

duced to him, shall forthwith pay a drawback or allowance after the rate of eight shillings for every ounce tray, and proportionably for any greater or less quantity, of such plate or manufacture of gold, and after the rate of sixpence for every - ' o' ounce

jtS Anno vicesimo quarto Georg ii-fli. c. 53 T*7®4*

ounce troy, and proportionably for any greater or lefsquantity, of such plate or manufacture of silver, out of the money of the said duties on plate or manufactures of gold and silver then in the hands of the said receiver or collector, Without fee or reward; end if the said receiver or collector shall not have money in his hands to pay any such debenture, then the receiver-general of the stamp-duties for the time, is hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said debenture out of an*y of the duties anting by rhis act, any thing herein contained to: the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And, the better to prevent the fraudulent of any

plate in this kingdom after the drawback has been paid and allowed for the fame,it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore* Wrought foid» That, all wrought gold and silver plate which shall be-in-plate intended tended to be exported fronr this kingdom into any foreign for exportati- parts, before the fame is shipped for that purpose, shall be on, to be tak- brought by the owner or proprietor thereof; to the assay office, ohceand y an<* there {Vamped or marked with the figure ot a

narked with ' tannh% in order to denote that such plate is entered and lorn Britannia. tended for exportation, and to be allowed the drawback thereon.

Clerk &c. of ' ^HI. And be it further enacted, That the clerk or account* thegoidiiniths ent of the company of goldfnfiths in London shall, on the company* twenty-fifth day of December,one thousand seven hundred and within two eighty-four, or within two months after, dfeliver to the find Beci 17U comm*ffi°ners of stamp-duties, or fomC person or persons to deliver to4’ authorized by them at the head office to receive the same, true the com midi- copies of the accounts herein^before directed to be kept, for the ers of (Vamps quarter which shall becptnplcted before fuebday of deli very, and at

accounts for* ^a0'e r*mc Pay a^ ^um ani* ^ums °*foooocy which shall the preceding have been received on account of the said duties before the said quarter; twenty-fifth day of December \and from thenceforth shall, (bine

time within two months after the twenty* fifth day of Marshy thenceforth; twenty-fourth day of the twenty-ninth day of within two ber, and the twenty.fifth day of, in every year, or at

months after such other times, after the expiration of the said two months, every quarter. a8 may be appointed by the major part of the said commission* «y» cr$ the starmp-duties, giving a previous publick notice of fourteen days, or mbre, by advertisement in the London

deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said commissioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them for the parpose of receiving the fame, at the head office of the said commissioners, true copies of the accounts herein-before direCVed to be kept by such clerks or accountants of the said respective companies or aftay^offices, for the quarter which shall be completed before such day of delivery, or notice, as the case shall be; and, at the same time, shall pay such sum and sums which shall appear to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general for the time to the receiver being of the d cities oh (Vamped Vellum, parchment, and paper, general of or to the proper officer appointed to receive the said duties, for amp* u, t|ie use of his Majesty, his heirs and foceeffors, at the (kid head

office*

and shall pay the monies due thereon.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53; 767

office; upon pain of forfeiting, for every default in not delivering true copies of such accounts, the fuen of five hundred

pounds; and for every default in payment of the monies due on such accounts, double the amount of the money so due and ‘payable at the time of such default.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the wardens, or their Wardens or deputies, or the clerk or accountant, or other person appointed other perfooa to receive the duty hereby imposed, by the goldsmiths company appointed by at Edinburgh, or by the companies or Birmingham and theg°ldfmitti*

or the respective assay offices jat Tori, Chester, EdTnPburgh

Norwich, and Newcastle upon Tyne, or other cities or places &c. within’ where any aflfay office.shall or may be established, shall, on the two months twenty-fifth day of December,one thousand seven hundred and t*9

eighty-four, or within two months after, deliver to the head iertj>theCh~ distributor of damped vellum, parchment, and paper, in and head distri-for the pity or county in which such companies or assay offices butorof shall be established, or to the person or persons duly authorised and commissioned under the hands and seals of three of the said accounts for commissioners for stamp-duties to receive such accounts, and the preceding the money due thereon, true Copied of the accounts herein-be- quarter; fore directed to be kept by such companies or assay offices respectively, and which shall, on the said twenty-fifth day of - umber,one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or within two months after, be outstanding, or to be accounted for under this act, and shall, at the same time, pay all the monies which

(nail have been received by them respectively on account of the aforesaid dudes, before the said twenty-fifth day of December; and from thenceforth shall, some time within two months after and from the twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June, thencefor-the twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of two months December, in every year, or at such other times after the ex- after ereiy piration of the said two months as maybe appointed by the quarter day, head.distributor, or the person or persons so to be authorized to receive the said duties, giving a previous notice of fourteen days or more, by advertisement in the London Gazette, or in the' newspaper, if any such there be, published in and for the county where such head distributor resides, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such head distributor, or other person or perr Tons aforesaid, true copies of the accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such companies or assay offices, for the quarter which shall be completed before such day of delivery, or notice, as the case shall be; and, at the same time, shall pay to an^aii ear such head distributor, or other person or persons so. to be au- the ironies thorized as aforesaid, all sums of money which shall appear to doe thereon, be due upon loch accounts; under, the penalty of forfeiting, for to thereceivec every default in not delivering such accounts, the fom of fifty Jamprdutietj pounds; and for every default in payment of the monies due 0IV

on such accounts, double the amount of the said monies due default, on the said account at the time of such default.

XV. And it is. hereby enacted, That the said receiver-gene- An aUg^ance ralof the stamp-duties, at the head office, and the said head tobemadeto

distri-

'from Dec, i, 1784, any perioi) who Shall counter*

pursuance of this act;

( 708 Anno vicesimo quarto. Georgii III. c. 53. [1784.

the cierkii&c. distributor of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other for their person or persons duly appointed by the major part of the said commissioners of stamp-duties to receive the duties by this act imposed, shall make an allowance to all and every the clerks,

' accountants, or other person or persons so appointed by loch companies or assay offices respectively, for their trouble in originally receiving the said duties, and making out such account a. is herein-before directed, at and after the rate of sixpenceinthe pound out of the monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to such receiver-general, or head distributor, or such other person or persons as aforesaid, according to the directions herein-before contained.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person whatsoever, from and after the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, fha9

- cast, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be call, forged,

feiit anjTSamp or counterfeited, the mark or damp used, or directed to be used to be used in in pursuance of this act, for the marking or stamping of gold or silver plate by the company of goldsmiths in London or burgh, or the Birmingham or Sheffield company, or by the wardens, or assayer or a flayers at York, Ex<ter, Chester, Kir-

wichj or Newcastle upon Tyne, or by any maker or worker gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall cad, forge, or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be cad, forged, or counterfeited, any mark, (lamp, or impression, in imitation # of, or to resemble any mark, (lamp, or impression, made or to

be made with any mark or damp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in

Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham or Sheffield company or by the said wardens, or assayer or assayers, or by tn?

, maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either <x or thafldamp them; or shall mark or (lamp, or cause or procure to be mark-any brought ed or stamped, any wrought plate of gold or fifver, or any plate,&c. with wares of brass or other bale metal silvered or gilt over and re* fembling plate of gold or silver, with any mark or damp which "hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited at any time either before, on, or after the said first day of, one thousand

/even hundred and eighty-four, in imitation of, or to resemble *ny mark or damp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in London or, or by the said

Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the said wardens, ot aflaydfror assayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or filter plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpose or remove, Or cause or procure to be transposed or removed from one piece of ^rrdught plate to another, or to any vessel of such base metal as aforesaid, arty mark, damp, or impression, made or to be made b)r br with any ftiark or damp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in London or Edinburgh

any counterfeited It amp;

or shall fe* move'from one piece of wrought plate, Arc. to another, any damp to

be used by the by the said Birmingham or Sheffield companies', or by the said wardens, or assayer or assayers, or by any maker'of worker c* tri Arc. 4 gold of silver plate, of any or either of them; or shall felt A change, or expose to Tale, or export out of-thivkingdom, any

wroi^pt

vicesimo qiwtto GfioRSir IIL C.

wrought ptlats.of gold or silver, of any vefibl of such btfe metal as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeit mark, fomp, pr impression thereon, or any n^rk, (lamp, or impression which hath been.or shall be transposed or removed from, any other piece of plate, knowing such mark, (lamp, or imp^ftion, to be forged, counterfeited, or transposed or removed as aforesaid j or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be podeded of any mark or (lamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, in imitation, of, and to referable any mark or (lamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said company of goldsmiths in London or

Edinburgh, or by the said Birmingham and Sheffield companies, dr by the said wardens, or aftayer or assayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; every such person offending in any such or either of the cases aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convi<5led, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, am) fltajl suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy. '

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary pe-

nalties hereby imposed shall be divided and dillrihuted in manner following 5 that is to say, one moiety thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or fus for the fame, in any of his Majesty's courts at IFtJlmitifhr, for offences committed in, Wales y or

Berwick upon Tweed, of in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland^ for offences committed in that part of Great Britain Called Scotland^by a<5lioo of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be alowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties herein-before granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a fe pa rate and diflin<5l account of the duties, and pay the same, the necessary charges of raising, paying and accounting for the fame being deduced, into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties how charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are direct-cd to be paid; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in Which all the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so to be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the several annuities, and all such other charges and expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money byway of annuities^ and for establishing a lottery.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

709

or shall (ell or export any plate, Sec. with Inch counterfeit It amp thereon. See.

shall suffer death as a felon.

Penalties how to be divided.

Duties to be paid to the re Jvcr general ot ftnmp-duf.es. and by him paid into the exchequer.

Auditor to provide a book, in wh;ch the duties shall be entered t (eparare from all others. Application thereof.

Defendant* may plead the general issue.

7io» Anno vicesimo quarto GeoROU III. c. 54. £ 1 Jt+L

Tons, bodies politick or corporate, shall, at any time or times, be sued, moleded, or prosecuted for any thing by him or them dods or executed in pursuance of thjg act, or of any dause, matter*', or thing herein contained, such person or persons, and bodies politick or corporate, shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdi<5l shall pass for the defendant or defend" ants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such / and recover defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, treble costs, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LIV.

An act to explain and amend an made in the eleventh and twelfth

years of the reign of King William the An act

to enable judices of peace to build and repair gaols in their respective counties; for other purfofet therein mend* fned,.

[Preamble.]

'TTT WHEREAS by an act, made in the eleventh and twelfth «. o 1 years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Y c 1 recit- Third, (intituled An act to enable judices of peace to build and

ld9 99 repair gaols in their respective counties,) it is enabled. That it

shall and may be lawfulfir the justices of the, or the greater mm*

her of them, within the limits of their commissms, upon presentmett made by the grand jury or grand at the affixes, end

general gaol delivery, of the infuffidtncj or inconveniency of their gad er prison, to conclude and agree upon such sum or of money as,

upon examination of able and shall be thought ne*

tessary for the buildings finifbi or repairing a publick gaol or gaols belonging to the county whereof they are justices of the

and to charge such sum or sums of money upon the fever at, er 1

other divisions of the county; and whereas it has been found difficulty to 1 carry the said act into execution; whereby the, in many counties, I

divisions, ridings, cities, towns, or precincts, have continued m V

a very ruinousJlate fir a considerable, and have become prejudicial 1

to the health of the prisoners and for the safe custodj of

them; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King* most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par* From Sept, s, ^ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, 17*4., the juf- from and after the fird day of September, one thousand seven tices in fef- hundred and eighty-four, it shall and may be lawful for the fions,through* justices of the peace in and for every county, riding, division, and W?le£ town> liberty, or precinct, within England and Wales, at

upon prtfeot- their respective general quarter sessions of the peace, or the ma* ment by the jor part of the said judices then and there assembled, such major ^"order* part not being in number less than seven, upon presentmett, county gaols nia<*e by lh« grantl jury or grand juries, at the adlzes, great to be rebuilt sessions, or general gaol delivery, held for every such county, or enlarged, riding,

.1784.] Anno vicesimo quarte^ GEORGII III. c. 54. 71

riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, of the in* sufficiency, inconveniency, or want of repair, of any gaol belonging to such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, to contract and agree with any person or persons for the buUding, rebuilding, Inifhinff, repairing, or enlarging such gaol, and the yards^ courts, and outlets thereof, and ad* dine such other buildings, and making such conyeniencies as ihalT be adjudged requisite by the said judices, at a certain sum, payment, or allowance for the fame; or for erecting any new gaol, upon any fcite or ground within any didance not exceeding two miles from the fcite of the old gaol, and in that case for felling the old gaol, and the /cite thereof, and land thereto belonging, or any part thereof respectively, and also the mate* rials of the old gaol, for the bed price that can be procured for the fame; such contradtor or contractors giving sufficient fecu* rity, for the due performance of their cdntradts or agreements, to the respective clerks of the peace for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct aforesaid,

JI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That joftioM to the said justices of the peace, after such presentment made as give pubttck aforesaid, shall, *t the next general quarter sessions to be holden n.ot*ce pre-for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or pre- JJSSJg pre-cindt, give notice, three times at lead, in some publick paper or fentmentt papers circulating in or near such county, riding, division, city, into confir town, liberty, or precinct, of such presentment havirfg been deration, $9* made, and of their intention to take the fame into consideration at the next ensuing, or some following general quarter fefli-ons; and after such confederation shall have been had, the said judices shall give noticeAin such publick paper or papers as aforesaid, of their intention of contracting with any person or persons for building, rebuilding, dnishing, repairing, or enlarging such gaol, as aforesaid, and of every other matter or thing Intended to be done in consequence of such presentments; and such contract or contract* shall be made and entered into at the mod reasonable rates, and with the mod responsible persons; and every such contradtor shall give sufficient security for the due performance of his contract, to the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct; Contrails to and all contracts when made, and all orders relating thereto, be entered iq shall be entered in a book to be kept by the clerk of the peace, a book, who is hereby required to keep the fame, among the records of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, to be inspected at all seasonable times by any of the said judices, or by any other person or persons contributing' to the rates of fdch county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct9 without fee or reward,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Tuftkesnipy shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace to build a ne* build any new gaol, in any part of the county, riding, division, of the pity* town, liberty, or precinct, in case (in the presentment county, kc.

JBbb* wad, ’

712

if the pre fentment

ation of the old one*

New gaols to be divided in to federal dif« tin£t apart-Bents.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54* f 1784;

made of the inconvenience of fufch pld gaol) It be exptfsssly pre-fen ted, that the place wherein the old gaol is'situate is impro-points out the pCr^ aflfj the said gaol ought to be removed to fame other improper itu- past of the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or prt-cin& and in case three fourths in Dumber of the justices aflcm-bled'at t,wo succesTive quarter sessions. (notice having been given three times at least, in fame publick newspaper circulating as aforesaid, of the time of the holding, and of the place to _ "which such gaol is intended to be removed) shall approve of such removal, but not otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said justices of the peace, as Well in the choice of the ground, as in determining upon the plans for huilding* rebuilding, enlarging, or altering such gaols as aforesaid, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereof, shall, as far as conveniently may be, pursue such measures, and adopt such plans, as shall provide separate and distintt places of confinement, and dry and airy cells, in which the several prisoners of the following descriptions respectively may be confined, as well by day as by night; namely, prisoners convicted of felony; prisoners committed on charge or suspicion of felony; prisoners committed for, or adjudgech to be guilty of, misdemeanors only; and debtors; the males of each class to be separated from the females; and a separate place of confinement to be provided for such prisoners as are intended to be examined as witnesses on behalf of any prosecution of any in-di&ment for felony; apd aHo, separate infirmaries, or lick wards, for th^ men and the women; and also a chapel, and convenient warm and cold baths, or bathing tubs, for the use of the prisoners, in such manner as is directed by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preferring the health of prisoners in gaol, and preventing the gaol disiemper; and care to be taken that the prison-, ers shall not be kept in any apartments under ground*.

V. And whereas the gaols within and belonging to several

ridings* divisions, titles* towns*- liberties, and and tbt yards, courts, and outlets thereof, are very small, close, and

and such gaols are thereby rendered very unhealthy, bility of accommodating the unhappy persons confined therein with 0 fuffitient supply of fresh airwater, and other necessary \

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices (after presentment made as aforesaid) shall have full power and authority to purchase any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, ways, waters, and watercourses, for the purpose of building, enlarging, and accomodating such gaols; and to direct the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditatnerib, easements, and privileges, which shall have been so purchased as aforesaid, to be conveyed to such perfoa or porfons as the (bid justices shall think fit, in trust and for the uses and purpose aforesaid; and such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, when indofed and added thereto, shall be deco*

_ cd

>4 Geo. 3. c.

Justices may purchase Jands, houses, &c. for enlarging and accommodating gaols.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5# 713

ed and taken to h§a part of fgch gaols, and to be part of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, where such gaol is situated, to all intents and purpefes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prisoners may That when ever the said justices1 of the peace, in their said ge-

reral quarter feuions assembled, shall deem it necessary that the ing a new felons, debtors, and other prisoners, shall be removed, cither gaol, or re-for the purpose of repairing their old gaol, or using the materi- pairing the als thereof in building a new gaol, on giving sufficient notice to oldonc# the sheriff of such county,* riding, division, city, towo, liberty, or precind, it shall and may be lawful for the said sheriff to remove such felons, debtors, and other prisoners to the house or houses of correction belonging to such county, riding, division, c.ity, town, liberty, or precintt, or such other place or places of confioeftient as the said justices so a (fern hied as aforesaid, with the consent of the said lheri(F, shall approve of, and to confine them there during the time such new gaol shall be building, or old gaol repairing of enlarging and that when fuel) gaol shall be made fit for the reception and safe keeping of such felons, debtors, and other prisoners, then it shall be lawful for the said sheriff to remove thither all such felons, debtors, and other prisoners as,(half then be in his custody; and the expeace of such removal or removals to and from such place or places of confinement, and the expence which may be incurred by the said sheriff on account of the safe custody of such prisoners in such house of correction, or other place or places, shall be allowed and paid by such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct; and such removal or removals as aforesaid shall ro^e°V^ not be deemed or taken to be an escape; provided,-that nothing deemed ati herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to dif- escape. charge the sheriff or gaoler from being answerable for the actual escape of any prisoner in his custody.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Quarter fcfli-That the justices of the peace, in their respective general quar- on? may.aP.* ter sessions assembled, are hereby authorized to nominate and the* appoint one or more justice or justices of the peace of and for county gaols, their respective counties, ridings, divisions, cities, towns, liber- and to report ties, or precincts, to visit and superintend the gaols thereunto *hc ItaJe belonging, and from time tQ time to make a report of the date

thereof to the court of the said general quarter sessions; which court is hereby authorized, upon such report, to order and dirt# any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds in any one year, to be laid out upon the repair or repairs of such gaqls, as they shall deem requisite, (notwithstanding such want of repair shall not have been presented by the grand jury or grand juries, at the assizes, great ieftions, or general gaol delivery, for such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin#, as aforesaid); and if it shall at any Accidental time* happen that the said gaols, or any of them, by any breach damages may being made io the fame, from attempts of prisoners to escape, J^de^ofa pr Qti>er casualties or accidents, shall be rendered unsafe for the just;ce,

3 b b 3 custody

fetpene's of Rebuilding or Repairing county gaols, liow to be defrayed*

714 Anno vicesimo quarto Gtoftoit lit. c. £4: ft 7(4.

feustody of the prisoners therein confined* between the several times of holding the general quarter session$ it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices for such coun-Ry,~riding, division, city, town, liberty* or precinct, to order the damages occasioned thereby to be immediately so far repaired as may be necessary and sufficient for the safe ctistody of such prisoners and such justice Or justices shall report the same to the next court of general quarter sessions to be holden for such county* riding, division, city, town, liberty, or firecinA, which court is hereby authorized to order the payment of such sum or sums of money as shall have been necessarily expended in such reparation or reparations as aforesaid.

VIII. And) in order to defray the expences of, rebuilding, finishing, repairing, or enlarging such gaols, and yards,

courts, and outlets thereto belonging at and of purchofiq

houses, buildings, lands, tenem, or pri-

vileges^ and other the ixpemes necessary for the execution be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases where such gaols are repaired at the expence of the county, riding, division* city, town* liberty, or precinct, to which the fame be(png, the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions, may and shall cause such sums of money, as shall be necessary for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, to be raised in the same manner as rates are directed to be raised 1* Geo. *.e. by two acts made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the *9*1 j Geo. a* reign of hi*Uate majesty King George the Second* for the nett l8# tajy offering, collecting, and levying of county rates.

IX. And vthereqs the expences of building

or removing and fitting up, may in some cases become very bitr-

thenfome on the occupiers of and other the county rates, intafe the said expences should raised in the mnnir

herein’before mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That when it

shall appear that the amount of any estimate approved by the for building, just»ccs for the building* rebuilding, enlarging, or removing enlarging, &c. and fitting up any gaol or gaols, under the powers of this A shall be very shall exceed one half of the amount of the ordinary annual assess-high, the juf- ment for the county rate for any county, riding, division, city, may mortage town> liberty, or precinct, (such ordinary assessment to be taken the rates, «cc. on a mean proportion of the said rate for the last five yctf* preceding), that then, and in such case, it shall and may te lawful for the justices o^ the peace, Within the respective to1* of their commissions, so assembled in their quarter sessions as aforesaid, from time to time to borrow and take upi on mortgage of the rates herein mentioned, by instruments in the form contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, or to that or the hie y effect, any sums not less than fifty pounds, nor exceeding one hundred pounds each, at legal or lower interest, as to them, or the major part of them, (such major part not being Ws than Jive), shall appear necessary and expedient for the purposes aforesaid 5 and to secure all and every such sum and sums w money so borrowed, upon the credit of the rates to be ra»*j

‘When the amount of any estimate

I

7*5

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54.'

Upon such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, and precinct respectively j and the said judices so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorized to treat and agree with any person or persons for the loan of any such sum or Turns of money, and by their order to confirm and establish every such agreement as Agreements aforesaid; and every such agreement so established by such or- byr order of the der, and signed by the chairman and two or more justices pre- Jb"[ sent at the time of making such order, shall be, and the fame ,faQ, &c. is hereby declared to be effectual for securing to the person or to be an effcc-persons fb advancing any*sum or sum* of money, his, her, or tual security^ their executors, administrdtors, and assigns, all and every such sum or Turns of money, with interest for the fame, on such terms as in and by such agreement or agreements respectively shall be for that purpose stipulated; and copies or extracts of all such agreements or securities shall be kept with the clerk of the peace, or other proper officer having the custody of the records of the quarter sessions of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinlt respectively; and all and every person and persons to whom any such security or securities shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the money thereby secured, is and are hereby impowered (by indorsing his, her, or their name or names on the back of such security or securities) Securities may to transfer and assign the fame, and his, her, or their right to be transfer-the principal money and interest thereby secured, unto any red* person or persons; and every such affigpee may in like manner transfer the fame again, and so toties; and the person or persons to whom such security or securities, or any such alignment thereof, shall be made, and his or their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, shall be creditors upon the said rates in an equal degree one with another, and shall not have any preference with respect to the priority of any monies so advanced.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said justices are To what ex* hereby authorized and required, not only to charge the rates nt the to be raised upon such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, with the interest of the money so borrowed county rats* on such securities, but also with the payment of a further sum, equal 'at least to the sum so charged for the interest of such securities; which said sums shall be assessed on such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinA, in such manner as county rates are directed to be afiefled by the laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the direction of the said justices, in discharge of the interest, and of so many of the principal sums on the said securities as such money will extend to discharge in each year, until the whole of the money for which such securities shall be made, and the interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said justices are required to fix one or more day or days in each year, on which such payment shall be made, and shall make orders for assessf-ments in due time, so as to provide for the regular payment A regular ac-thereof i and they are hereby required to appoint a proper per-

B b b 4 Ton

7 i6 Anno vicesimo quarto Gsofton ]\L c.jjn,

book of all re. fori to keep: an exact and regalar account of all thf receipt9 C» Pment* un- anc* P^wwa un^er 'I1* authority of this «ct, in a book or Ser thiaaS; h°°fcs* separate and apart from all other accounts, and the fame tp adjust and settle in such manner that it may easily be seen what interest is growing due* and what principal money has been discharged, and what remains due ;and the said book or books Co adjusted and settled, to deliver into court at ev^ry general or quarter ledipns to be held for any such county, which shall be riding, division, city, town, liberty, o.r preeindt $ and the said inspejfted by justices are required, at every such sessions, carefully to inspefl every sessions ^uch accounts, and make orders for carrying th* several pur-kQf P°^cs of this act into execution, in such manner as to them shall seem meet j and if at any time it shall appear to the said juf-iices, that the person so appointed has neglected the said order, 1 and has not duly, and without delay, allied the money in his

hands to the purposes hereby d*rected, such person shall forfeit double the amount of the mobey which shall not have been applied to the purposerof this*; and the said justices, lb assembled in session as aforesaid, shall dire# in what order such securities shall be discharged, by drawing lots, or otherwise, is they shall think fit, first discharging all such^.securities which shall bear the highest interest.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace, in their respective quarter sessions* foaK* and they are hereby required to make provisions by means of the rates (which they are hereby authorized to make). and by their orders and dire#ions (which they are hereby authorised tp give), in such manner, that the whole money to be borrowed under the authority of this act shall be fully paid and dil* charged, within a time to be limited, not exceeding fouftecu years from the time of borrowing the fame,

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and tmyl* feH^ai^con- hwful for the King’s most excellent majesty, his heirs and f^« veylands, See.ceflors, and for all bodies politick and corporate, and also tot

all guardians, committees* husbands, trustees, and attornies* of any person or persons being infants, lunaticks, idiots, under Coverture, or any other disability, and also for all other perh#15 who are or shall be seised, poilefted of, or inferested in, any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments* eafemer«s» or privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the purposea of this a#, to contract or agree for, and to fell, convey* an assure such houses, buildings* lands, tenements hereditament5* casements, and privileges, unto such person or persons as (n fee named by the justices, in trust, and for the purpose # creating new gaols, pr enlarging the pld gaols, and the yard1# pourts, and outlets therpuntp belonging; and all such contract5* agreements, sales, conveyances, and assurances, shall bev*h and effectual in layv, to all intents and purposes whati»cv any law, statute, plage, or custom, to the poptnury

Sbrchafe mo* Pa2fJ*_n6r r«»oiirtf

exceed* £111. And be it further enacted, That *11 iup* °* ® jjpj

Money borrowed under this act to be paid within a limited time.

Bodies poli-.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. 717

which shall be agreed to be paid to any corporation, guardian, >ng 1901. to committee, husband, trustee, or attorney, for or on behalf of be la^dfoul any infants, lunaticks, idiots, femes covert, or cestuique trust, j^ds^&c? or to any other person or persons whose houses, buildings, lands, subject to the tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, shall be same uses, &c. limited in drift settlement, for the purchase of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall, in case such fuins of money shall exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, be laid out by such corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, or attornies, or any person or persons seised of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or pri* vileges, so limited in drift settlement, as soon as conveniently may be, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and heredita*

'merits, in fee (imple, to be conveyed to or to the use of fuclt 1

corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, or %attornies, and to and for such person or persons, and for such estate and estates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such uses, limitations, remainders, and contingencies as the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, for and in respect whereof such purchase money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and allured, atjhe time such purchase or contract shall be made in manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking effect; the charges of such conveyances and settlpments to be paid in the same manner as the other expences relating to the gaol; and And until in the mean time, and till such purchase or purchases shall be such purchase# made, such money, whether the same shall or shall not exceed mone^to be* the sum of one hundred pounds, shall be laid out b> such cor* uiTout ?ngo-porations, or other persons for the time being interested therein, vernment fe*. in some government securities, in (he names of two persons, curiae*, one to be nominated by the party or parties for the rime being interested therein, and the other by the juifices aforesaid; and the interest arising from such securities shall He paid to such person or persons respectively as would have been entitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, in case the fame had not been fold, or would for the time being be entitled to the rents and prosifies of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so to be pur-phafed, in case the fame were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such corpora* If the parties tions, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attor- jefbfeto treat, nies, or any person or persons for the time being interested so ftc* any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the purposes of building or enlarging any such gaol, and other the purposes of this act, upon notice in writing to him, her, or them, given, or left at the house or houses, or other place or places of abode of such person or persons, or of the principal officer or officers of any such corporation, shall, for the space of twenty-one days after such notice so given or Ifeft as aforesaid, pc^left or refuse to treaty or shall refuse to accent such price as

fit' Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1784.

dull be Qffered by the judices or their agent, or shall otherwift not agree for the sale of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, or if, by reafbo of absence or incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such sale, then, and in every such case, the justices of the peace, at their general or quarter sessions, or any two or rdoru the value to of them appointed for that purpose, shall cause the value of te ascertained fucla houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, rease- ments, and privileges, to be enquired into and ascertained by

jury of indifferent men of the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, wherein the same shall be situated; and to that end shall summon and call before such jury, and examine upon oath (which oath any one or more of such justices of the peace is and are hereby impowered to administer) any person or persons whomsoever; and such justices of the peace, or any two of them, shall, by ordering a view, or otherwise, use all ways and means for the information of themselves and of such jury in the premises and when such jury shall have enquired of and ascertained the value of such houses, build* ings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eaiements, and privi- *1 leges, the said justices of the peace shall thereupon order that the sum or sums which shall so appear to be the value of such f houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, shall be paid in such manner as is herein-before directed touching the money to be paid for such houses* build* ings, lands, tenement^, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, for sale whereof the person or persons imerested shall contract ytrdilt of and agree in manner aforesaid $ which verdict or inquifirioo, jury, Stc. to be and order, shall be filed of record by the clerk of the peace, or other officer having the custody of the records of the said county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, and shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever, m against all parties and persons whomsoever claiming, or to I claim, in possession, remainder, reversion, or otherwise, their I heirs and successors, as well absent as present, infants, lun*- ff ticks,' idiots, and persons under coverture, or any other di£ l ability whatsoever, corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attornies, or any other person or persons whomsoever.

XV. And, for the summoning and returning such, be W°w the jury jt further enacted, That such justices of the peace; or any two moiled. Um" t^em> may issue their warrant or warrants to the (henffor

bailiff of any particular county, riding, division, city, town, K-, berty, or precindf, within the limits of which the houses, build- "| ings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return' an indifferent jury of twenty-four persons, qualified to serve on juries, to appear before the said justices or any two of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants shall be appointed; and such sheriff or bailiff is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such number oif

peribos

t784*l Anno vicesimo quarto (sEOltGIl lit. 0. £4. 719

persons accordingly, and, out of the persons'so impanelled, sum* rtioned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such summons, the justices of the peace, or any two of them, shall and tjiey are hereby impowered and required to draw by ballot, and to swear or cause to be sworn, twelve men, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid \ arid, in default of a sufficient number ot jurymen so returned, the said sheriff or bailiff shall take such other honed and indifferent men of the by-danders, or that can speedily be procured to attend that service, to make up the number twelve; and all persons Jurymen my concerned shall have their lawful challenges against any of the be challenged, laid jurymen when they come to be sworn: and the said judices justices may of the peace, or any. two of them, shall have power from time fine the (he-to time to impose a fine or fines oh such sheriff or bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, making default in the premises, and on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on such jury, and who shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be (Worn on the said jury, or, being fworii, (half refuse to give, or shall not give a verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his or their duty therein and also on any person who, being summoned and required to give evidence before the said jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn or to give evidence, so that no such fine be more than ten pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, on any one person for one offence.

AVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any jury shall Expences of give in and deliver a verdict for more money, as the value of iwy*?cc' ho* such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, ease- tol*®efray«fc merits, or privileges, so to be purchased, than what shall have been offered for the purchase thereof by the said justices of the peace, or their agent, to any person capable of contracting for the fame, the cons and expences of summoning and maintaining the jury and witnesses shall be borne and paid out of the fame fund asjhe expences of the buildings to be erected therein; but if such jury shall give in and deliver a verdict for no more, or for less money, thah the money which shall have been so offered by such justices of the peace, or their agent, then the costs and expences of summoning and maintaining the said jury and witnesses shall be borne and paid by the person or persons with whom such controversy or dispute, touching the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, ease~ merits, or privileges, shall arise.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, upon payment of On payment the money so ordered to be paid, for the purchase of such houses, ot purchase buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or pri- {no!cy^or yrleges, or (upon refusel or inability to receive the same) leav- Ij^icea mar ing the fame in the hands of such person as the justices in their take possessioa quarter sessions shall appoint, for the use of the party or parties thereof, intitled thereto; or in case of the said party or parties not being to be found, then, upon notice to be pubuftied in some paper or papers circulating in or near the said county, riding, division,

city.

J

Claafe relative to thore counties which are divided into several ridings, See

t.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54.

[17^4.

city, town, liberty or precintft, where such gaol is to be built or enlarged, of the payment or investment of such purchase-money, the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafementi, and privileges so purchase, shall vest in the person or persons who shall be authorised to take and hold the fame by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said j ustices, or an> twq of them, their workman or agents, to enter upon and take possession of, and make use of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, and every part thereof; and thereupon all futh persons and parties who were the owners or occupiers thereof, shall be diverted of all right and title in a‘nd to the same* and every part thereof.

XVIII. And whereas, in several counties in England, there an several and distinct commissions ofjustices of the peace for the d

ridings or divisions into which such counties are, and

end disVinft courts offefftons of the peace are holdtn for each of such ridings or divisions respectivety, and in such counties there are not ay courts of general or quarter feffians holders for the whole large; be it therefore dna&ed, That in all such counties as afore* 1 said, it shall and may be lawfuh for the justices of the peace in I

and for such several ridings or divisions respectively, and they are hereby required, at the general quarter sessions which shall be holden next after such preferment of the gaol shall have been made aforesaid, to nominate and appoirtt three or more justices of the peace in and for such riding or divrftoh for which such general quarter sessions shall be holden, which said justices of the peace, To nominated and appointed by each of such ridings or divisions, are hereby'authorized and fcquired, within one calendar month after such nomination and appointment as aforesaid, (due notice thereof having been previously given to such justices, by the cle?k of the peace of such divisions respectively), to meet and assemble at such gaol which shall hive been* so presented as aforesaid; and the said justices of the peace, of I the major part of them, then there assembled, (such major part I pot being less than five in number), shall hold a special sessions 1 at the said gaol, for the purpose of receiving plans, and contracting for the building, rebuilding, repairing, enlarging, or altering, such gaol, and the yards, courts and outlets thereto belonging, under the like restridbons, and subject to the like regulations, as are herein* before by this act made and provided for such counties as are not divided into such ridings or div^ fions, in manner as aforesaid 5 and the said last-memioned jw* tices of the peace shall make their report to the general quarter sessions of the peace of such ridings or divisions respectivelyi w the several plans, estimates, and contracts, which shall have been made and entered into in manner aforesaid, and also Je# port of the sum or sums of money necessary to be raised aiKM®* vied on each riding or division, as their quota or proportion of the expence to be incurred on the several accounts afarefawi jvbich said fujh or sums of phoney shall be raised levied ojj

?2f

I7$4‘] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54., each riding or division, in like manner as county rates are now rafted and levied.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Nfojpftieeaa-

justice of the peace who shall, under the authority of this act, in& under tbie do any matter or thing in the execution hereof shall be capable ,n*

of having any beneficial interest or concent whatsoever, either coiratt^Seel in his own name, or in the name of any other person in trust

for him, in any contract or agreement to be made under the authority of* this act, or shall, for any design or plan he may deliver or produce, receive any benefit or 'emolument whatsoever.

XX. And whereas the-preventing gaolers from felling any liquors,

or deriving any profit from the sale of liquo, may be o great means of preventing drunkenness, riots, and other disorders in, and of

preferring good order therein; and it may be proper to give sufficient power and authority to* the jufiites of the pease in their in

iertain cases, to allow salaries to gaolen, lieu of the profits which are now derived from the sale of liquors; be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the said first day of, one thou- From Jfcpt.

sand seven hundred and eighty*four, it shall and may be lawful J7U» joitices for the justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, (aiarief^o11* city, town, liberty, or precinct, within that part of Great - gaoler*, in tain called England, or the principality of Wales, at the general neii ot profit* quarter sessions of the peace, or some specia! adjournment of a"f‘J?g the fame, held for'such express purpose, and they are hereby of

authorized and impowered, if it shall appear to them necessary q or proper, to appoint such salaries or allowances to such gaolers and their assistants, in the several gaols within their respective jurisdictiom, and to varyuhe fame, from time to time, as to them shall seem meet; and to order and direct thfe said salaries County trea-and allowances to be paid out of the county rate, by the trea- hirer to pay surer of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or salarie* precinct, upon a certificate, signed by the chairman of such quarter sessions, specifying the salaries and allowances so directed to be made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not Chairman o# be lawful for any chairman of any quarter sessions or adjourn- the sessions ment thereof, to sign such certificate for such salaries or allow- not f*gn onces to be granted under this act, unless such salaries or allow-

ances shall have been settled at some general quarter sessions of ment, untefi the peace, or some special adjournment thereof, and notice shall the salaries have been given fourteen days at lead before the holJing such have been set. general quarter sessions, or such adjournment thereof, by two ,erafquarter several advertisemenrs inserted in fgme newspaper printed and sessions, &c* circulated in the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precin&, in which such gaols are situated, and where such salaries or allowances are to be granted to the gaolers, of an intended application for the -granting such salaries or allowances; which said advertisements shall be figrted by the clerk of the peace of such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, ot precinct, or his deputy, for the time being.

7*

From June 14,

17*5, r gaoler to tuff«r tippling or gaming, or to fell liquors, in any fuel! prison*

on penalty of sol. to be re: covered by di&rcfr.

- Application thereof.

On failure of distress, the offender may

be committed.

Hour justices, to proceed for conviction of offenders.

Form of con-viClion.

Limitation of a&ont.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1784.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, no gaoler, or any person or persons in trust for dr employed by such gaoler, shall suffer tippling or gaming in such prison; or mall sell or dispose of, or permit or suffer to be sold or disposed of, or be capable of being licensed to sell or dispose of, any wine, beer, ale, or other liquors; or have any beneficial interest or concern whatsoever in the sale or disposal of any liqdors of any kind, or in any tap-house, tap-room, or tap; under the penalty of ten pounds for every such offence, to be recovered by distress and frle of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace acting for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or prerind, within which such gaol isfituated, (which warrant such justices are hereby required to grant), upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon thq information of any witness or witnesses, upon oath, (which oath such justices are hereby empowered to administer); and the said penalty, after the charges of recovering the same shall be deduded, shall be paid one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the use of the prisoners confined within such gaol; and in case sufficient distress cannot be fohnd, then it shall be lawfal for such justices to commit such offender or offenders to the house of correction for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain* without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless such penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all justices of the peace before whom any person shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and may cause the conviction to4>e drawn j up in the following form, or to the like effect that is to say, J

County, tee,

mty, 1 ry E it remtmberedyThat on the day ef

of j xj \n fa year the

reign of his Majesty A.B. is

before of his ef

the peace for the said county, or ridings, city, town,

liberty, or precintf, [as the case shall be], by virtue oj 09

atI of parliament made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the

[here set forth the title of the ad, and specify the offence, and the time and place, when and where tbf fame wag committed.]

Given under our hands and seals% the day and year

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or foil shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, every such adioq or suit shall be brought or commenced within fix caleopaf C month*

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54: 72 j

months,next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the gene- General ittife. ral issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the feme was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the feme, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then and in such case the juiy shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or suit, afrer the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or'if a verdict 1

‘ shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if, upon demurrer or otherwise, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, (he defendant or defendants shall have treble costs. Treble costs. and shall have such remedy for the same as any defendant hath for coffs of suit in other cases by law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Publick act, deemed and taken to be a publick act; and all judges, justices, and other persons, shall take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE herein-before referred to.

f O R M of mortgage and charge upon the county rate* for securing the money borrowed.

xxris A.B. one of his Majesty's justices of the, and -

man of the court of quarter f of the peace for the

of (as the case shall be),

at the day of

C.D. and E. F. esquires, two other of his Majesty's justices of the peace a fling for the said county, &c, and assembled in the said courts

in pursuance of the powers to us given by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the, tuled^ cs U.[insert the title of the ad] do, in open

mortgage and charge all the rates to be raised within the

tie, (as the case shall be), under the description of county, by the laws now in beings with the payment of the sum of which G. H. of hath proposed and agreed to

lend9 and hath now actually advanced and paid towards defraying the gxpences of buildings repairing, toV. (as the case shall be), the gaol for the said county, &c. And we do hereby confirm and the fame unto the said G. H. his execu, administrators% and for securing the repayment of the said sum of andinterest for the famt> after the rate of per

centum per annum; and do order the treasurer for such countyt (Pc. or other persons^ (as the case shall be), to pay the interest 0

Anno vicesimo quarto GcoRCU III. $$. 84;

the [aidfum of

shall become due,until the principal shall pkrfaonttt

the directions of the said alt.

CAP. LV.

ffn act U explain and amend an act made in the jut

'of the reign of his present Majesty, An act for the

amending and rendering more effectual the laws in being relative to hoiiCes of correction.

[Preamble.]

Recital of st Geo. 3. c. 64.

WHEREAS by an act, pajfi in the jeer 1/ the reign of his present Maj, An act for tii amending and rendering more effectual the laws in being relative to houses of correction; recitiamongfi other Tost

in. many counties the houses of correction were inefficient in number or deficient in building, and the apartments in them were very

<1 ommodatedto the purposes for which they were by mtsus

whereof, and from a want of due order, employment, and di/ciplat in such houses of correction, the persons sent thither for reformation frequently grew more dissolute and abandoned during that continuance in such houses,it was enacted, That the justices of putt in every ifiunty, riding, division, city, liberty, and products pri$* England and Wales, at their respective quarter the putt,

to be holden next after Midsummer from the time of passing act, should, and they were thereby required to nominate one or W/

justice or justices of the peace, within their respective jurisdictitns, divisions, or iiftricts, whom they should think most proper, to mine and inspeCi the several houses correction within fame) and the justice or justices so to be nominated were required cor/fullj and diligently to inspect the fame with all convenient ,rf I port his or their opinion to the justices of their respective I

at the Michaelmas quarter sessions then next following, (as U'fit I ft ate and condition thereof, and the of number, or a&us I

or alterations which they might judge necefijry to mate, them 1

penient and useful, having regard to the classing of the fiverol pa* 1 fins who should be kept there, according to the nature and punishments, and to the providing proper places for the ment of such persons who were committed to hard labour, and is & keeping every part of such prifins clean and and the fid

justice or justices so to be nominated, were thereby required ts proper and skilful persons to make* plans and estimates of mvofiaw* ings, or the additions or alterations which he or tessary in the present buildings, to make them the fevered p*

poses of the said ad; which plans, the report

fetid justice or justices, were to be laid before the court at chaelmas quarter sessions; or if, from any difficulties or acddtntU such reports should not happen to be made at that sessions, in that case, the fame should be made before the EpipW quarter sessions then next following); which court was ihertiyoata* rized and required to fsn/ider the fame,

1764.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55.

plan s,t bey might adjourn the quarter sessions to a further day, for receiving propofalsfrom persons inclined to undertake work, of

which due notice should be published, and then to contract with fuefa persons whom they should think most proper to do the fame; or if they disapproved such plans or estimates, to di such others to be made

as they should think Jit, and adjourn their quarter sessions to some further day,to receive such new plans and, and

pofals from persons inclined to undertake the workand the, in settling and adjusting such plans, were thereby required to provide separate apartments for all persons committed upon charges of

or convicted of any theft or larceny, and committed to the house of rection for punishment by hard labour, under or by virtue of the laws in being, in order to prevent any communication between them and the other prisoners 5 and also proper apartments, covered or open as should be found most convenient, for employing the several persons

who were to be kept to bard labour j and they were also to provide separate apartments, in each division of the /house of

for the women who should be committed thither $ and the said justices, at their general quarter fejfons, were thereby impowered, from time to time, upon any such report to them made, to make such order there* upon as to them should feemjuft, and the nature of the case m;gbt require: and whereas the justices of the peace, within many of the said jurisdictions, have omitted to make such nomination, and to cause the necessary examinations, inspections, and proceedings to be made within the times prefer ibid by the said act, whereby the whole some -

lions, and the benefit intended by the said act, will be lofl to the publick within such jurisdictions, unless further time be given for that, purpost; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parr jiament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it TulHcei who shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace for any county, riding, division, city, liberty, or precinct, within - stateoHh# land and Wales, who have omitted to examine and inspect into houses of cor* the date of the houses of corre<SUon within their respective li- region within mils, and to proceed in repairing, altering, and regulating the their ' fame; according to the directions and intention of the said re- fhc°dire<fiona cited act, to enquire into, examine, inspect, and fully to exe- Qf the recitecf cute and enforce the fame, at the next or any subsequent quarter alt, may do session of the peace to be holden after the pading of this act, as it, and execute fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as they could »ar-

or might have done if they had proceeded therein at the quarter ter session, sessions held next after Midsummer, Michaelmas, or Chrifmas, from the time of* pading the said act; any thing the rein, or in any other act, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notr withstanding.

II. And whereas the exponces of buildi, enlarging,

or removing and fitting up houses of correc, may in some cases be*

*tome very burthensome on the occupiers of land, and other the contributors to the county rates, in case the said expends should be raised in the manner herein before mentioned; be it therefore en*£tedL yoL, XXXIV. Ceo Thai

72$

When the amount of any efti mate for building, enlarging, &<r* shall be very high, the ]uitices in session may mortgage the rates, &c.

Agreements by order of the justices, signed by the chairman, &c. to be an effectual security.

Securities may be transferred.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. [1784.

That where it Aall appear that the ameupt of any estimate, approved by the justices, for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or removing, and fitting up any hbufe or houses of correction, under the powers of this act, shall exeeed one half of the amount of the ordinary annual assessment for the county rate for any county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or pit* cinlt, (such ordinary assessment to be taken on a mean proportion of the said rate for the last five years preceding), that then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the peace, within the respective limits of thpir commissions, foassembled in their quarter sessions as aforesaid, from time to time to borrow and take up on mortgage of the rates herein-mentioned, by instruments in the form contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, or to that or the like effect, any sums not Iefe thin fifty pounds, nor exceeding one hundred pounds each, at legal or lower interest, as to them, or the major part of them, such major part not being less than five, shall appear necessary and expedient for the purposes aforesaid, and to secure all and every such sum and sums of mone£ so borrowed, upon the credit of the rates to be raised upon such county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, and precinlt respectively; and the said justices, so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised to treat and agree with any person or persons for the loan of any such fom or sums of money, and by their order to confirm and establish every such agreement as aforesaid; and every such agreement so established by such order, and signed by the chairman and two or more justices present at the time of making such order, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be efifoltaal for leaning to the person or persons so advancing any sum or sums of money, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and alBgns, all and every such sum or sums of money, with interest for the J fame, on such terms as in and by such agreement or agreements respectively shall be for that purpose stipulated) and copies or I extraits of all such agreements or securities shall be kept with I the clerk of the peace, or other proper officer having the costody ' of the records of the quarter sessions, of such county, rite division, city, town, liberty, or precinlt respectively; and w and every person and persons to whom any such security or fe-Curities shall be made, or who shall be irititled to the money thereby secured, is and are hereby impowered (by indorsing his, her, or their name or names on the back of such fecunty or j securities) to transfer and assign the fame, and his, her, or that right to the principal money and interest thereby secured, unto any person or persons; and every such assignee may in like manner transfer the fame again, and so queries$ and the person or persons to whom such security or securities, or any such signment thereof, shall be made, and his, her, or their five executors, administrators, and assigns, shall be creditors upon the said rates, in an equal degree one with another, shall not have any preference with respect to the priority of *°7 monies so advanced,

t?84*}Anno vicesimo qiiirto G£oftGlI in 6r5$.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said justices shall, Towbttex* and they are hereby authorised and required, not only to charge teat the juf-the rates to be raised upon such county, riding, division, city, *nay town, liberty, or precinct, with the interest of the money so ra^ borrowed on such securities, but also with the payment of a fur-. ther lum, equal at lead to the sum so charged for the interest of such securities; which said fams shall be afiefled on such county* riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, in such man-tier as county rates are directed to be assessed by the laws now in being, and paid and applied, under the direction of the said justices, in discharge of the interest, and of so many of the principal sums on the said securities as such money will extend to discharge in,each year, until the whole of the money for which such securities shall be made, and the interest thereof, shall be fully paid and discharged; and the said justices are required to fix one or more day or days in each year, on which such payment shall be made, and shall make orders for assessments in due time, so as to provide for the regular payment thereof; and A regular atS they are hereby required to appoint a proper person to keep an counl *°. exact and regular account of all the receipts and payments un- book of all* der the authority of this act, in a book or books separate and receipts and apart from all other accounts, and the same to settle and adjust payments on-In such manner that it ifiay easily befeen what interest is grow- der this ing due, and what principal money has been discharged, and what remains due; and the said book or books, To adjusted and settled, to deliver into court at every general or quarter sessions to be held for any such county, riding, djvition, city, town, liberty, or precintft; and the said justices are required, at every Which shall be such sessions, carefully to inspect all such accounts, and make by

orders for carrying the Several purposes of this acte into execu- every fessiont, tion, in such manner as to them shall seem meet; and if at any &e. time it (halt appear to the said justices that the person so appointed has neglected the said order, and has not duly, and without delay, applied the money in his hands to the purposes hereby directed, such person shall forfeit double the amount of the money which shall not have been applied to the purposes of this act; and the said justices, so assembled in fefiiort as aforesaid, shall direct in what order such securities shall be discharged, by drawing lots or otherwise, as they shall think fit, first discharging all such securities which shall bear the highfft in-tcreft.

IV. Provided always, and be it further eiia&ed, That the Mobey bor-

justices of the peace in their respective quarter sessions shall, and they are hereby required to make provisions. by means of the within i

fate* (which they are hereby authorised to make), and by their limited time.

Orders and directions {which they are hereby authorised to give),

in such manner that the whole money to be borrowed under the authority of this act, shall be fully paid and discharged within

a time to be limited, not exceeding fourteen years from the

tirpe of borrowing the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That in cases where such C c c a houset

728 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. [1784.

justices may houses of correction shall be pulled down, repaired, rebuilt, or dispose of old enlarged, by the authority or this act, or any other law in be^ houses of cor- ancj may be lawful to and for the said justices, in

the ground on their quarter sessions assembled, to sell and dispose or the mate-which they rials of such old houses of correction, or such parts thereof, and fUnd. also of the whole, or such parts of the fcite or ground belonging thereto as shall not be necessary to be used for or in the rebuilding, repairing, or enlarging such houses of correction, at the belt price or prices that can or may be gotten for the fame; which monies shall be applied to the purposes of this act; and in case of any such purchase of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall exceed what is necessary to be so used or employed, the said justices may sell and dispose of the fame, ind apply the money to be raised by such sale for the purposes \ aforesaid.

Bodies poli-

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-lick, Sec. may fuj for the King’s most excellent majesty, his heirs and succes-

Ue lafris°&c fors> and for all bodies politick and corporate, and also for all rc* 9 ‘ guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attornies of any person or persons, being infants, lunaticks, ideots, under coverture, Or any other disability, and also for all other persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, ,or interested in, any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the purposes of this act, to contract or agree for, and to fell, convey, and a(Ture such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, unto such person or persons as shall be named by the justices, in trust, and for the purpose of erecting new houses of correction, or enlarging the old houses of correction, and the yards, courts, and outlets thereunto be-,. longing; and all such contracts, agreements, Tales, conveyances, and assurances, shall be valid and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, any law, statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Purchase mo-

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Turns of money ney, exceed- which shall be agreed to be paid to any corporation, guardian, heV'd^uHn committee» husband, trustee, or attorney, for or on behalf of purchase of any infants, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or cestuique trust, unds. Sec. or to any other person or persons whose houses, buildings, subject to the lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, same uses, Sec, ^ass |jmited in strict settlement for the purchase of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall, in case such sums of money shall exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, be laid out by such corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, or attornies, or any person or persons seised of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, so limited in ftriCfc settlement, as soon as conveniently may be, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee-simple, to be conveyed to, or to the ufa of such corporations, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, or attornies, and to and for such person or persons, and for such

dhte

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. 1*4

estate and estates, and to, for, and upon, and subject to such uses, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, for and in respell whereof such purchase money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and aftiired at the time such purchase or contrail shall be made in manner aforesaid, or such as shall then be capable of taking effell; the charges of such conveyances and settlements to be paid in the same manner as the other expences relating to the house of correction; and in the mean time, and till :such purchase or pur- And until chafes shall be made, such money, whether the same shall or such purchase* shall not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, shall be laid out, by such corporation, or other persons for the time being jaidouthi interested therein, in some government securities, in the names government of two persons, one to be nominated by the parry or parties for tccuntiea, the time being interested therein, and the other by the justices aforesaidj and the interest arifinz from such securities shall be paid to such person or persons respectively, as would have been intitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, in case the fame had not been fold, or.would for the time being be intitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the fame were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such corporati- Ifthepartie* ons, guardians, committees, husbands, trustees, and attornies, refuse to treat, or any person or persons for the time being interested in &c* any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, which shall be deemed necessary for the purposes of building or enlarging any such house of correction, and other the purposes of this all, upon notice in writing to him, her, or them, given or left at the house or houses, or other place or places of abode of such person or persons, or of the principal officer or officers of any such corporation, shall, for the space of twenty-one days after such notice so given or left as aforesaid, neglell or refuse to treat, or shall refuse to accept such price as shall be offered by the justices or their agents, or shall otherwise not agree for the sale of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, or if, by reason of absence or incapacity, they shall be prevented from treating for such sale; then, and in such case, the juf-, tices of the peace, at their general or general quarter sessions, or any two or more of them appointed for that purpose, shall the value to cause the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, [* *ff*£a,ne" hereditaments, easements, and privileges, to be inquired into y and ascertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinU wherein the same shall be situated; and to that end shall summon and cal) before such jury, and examine upon oath (which oath any one or ’ more of such justices of the peace is and are hereby empowered to adminster) any person or persons whomsoever j and such juf-

C c c 3 tice#

m

Verdict of

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgji HI. C. 55- f 17*4? jices of the peace, or any two of then*, shall* by ordering a view dr otherwise, use all ways and means for the information of themselves and of such jury, in the prenaifes; and when such jury shall have enquired of, and ascertained the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, the said judices of the pe^cc shall thereupon order that the sum or fuths which (Isall (o appear tq be the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, shall be paid in such manner as is herein-before directed, touching the money to be paid for such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, ,easements, or privileges, for sale whereof the person or persons intended shall Contraft and agree in manner aforesaid; which ver-jury, &c.to be distor inquisition, and order, shall be filed of record by the clerk final* of the peace, or other officer having the custody of the records of the said county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, and shall be final and conclusive, to all intents and pur-pores whatsoever, against all parties and persons whomsoever, claiming or‘ to claim, in possession, remainder, reversion, o Otherwise,* their heirs and successors, as well absent as present, infants, Junaticks, ideots, and persons under coverture, or an^ other disability whatsoever, corporations, guardians, committees, bulhands, trustees, and attornies, or any other person or persons whomsoever.

IX. Andy for the summomng and returning futb, be it further enacted, That such justices of the peace, of any two of them, may issue their warrant or warrants to the (herifif or pailiff of any particular county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or precinct, within the limits of which the houres, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, eafejnents, or privileges shall be situated, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent jury of twenty persons, qualified to serve on juries, to appear before the said judices,' or any two of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants shall be appointed; and such,sheriff and bailiff is and are hereby required to impannel, fbmmon, and return such number of persons accordingly, and, Out of the persons fq summoped, impannelled, and returned, or out of fufch as shall appear upon such summons, the justices of the peace. Or any two of them, shall, and they are hereby im'powered and required to draw by ballot, and to swear or cause to be sworn, twelve men, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid \ and^ in default of a sufficient number of jurymen so returned, the said sheriff or bailiff shall take such other honed and indifferent men of the' danders-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that fer-

Jurymen may vice, to make up the number twelve; 'and all persons concern-,e challenged. ed shall have their (awful challenges agauift any of the said jurymen when they Come to be sworn: and the said justices of the peace, or any two of them, shall have power from titne to time to impose a fine or fines upon such sheriff or bailiff, or his deputy or deputies making default in the premises; and oq any ', " of

How the jury shall be fam-

Ued.

>1

Justices may line the (he* riff, bailiff, kc making dffauit. -

17 & 4.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55, 731

of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on such jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury, or, being from, shall refuse to give, or shall not give a verdict, or shall In any other manner wilfully neglect his or their duty therein; and sufo on any person who, being summoned and required to give evidence before the said jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn or to give evidence 5 so that no such fine be more than ten pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, on any one person for one offence.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any jury shall give Expences of in and deliver a verdict for more money, as the value of such lur/* ?c‘ ho? houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, tobe«tr*ycH* or privileges so to be purchased, than what shall have been offered for the purchase thereof by the said justices of the peace,

or their agents, to any person capable of contracting for the fame, the costs and expences of summoning and maintaining the jury and witnesses shall be borne and paid Out of the fame fund as the expences of the buildings to be eretfted thereon; but if such jury shall give in and deliver a verdict for no more, or for less money than the money which shall have been so offered by such justices of the peace, or their agent, then the costs and expences of summoning and maintaining the said jury and witnesses shall be borne and paid by the person or persons with whom such controversy or dispute, touching the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, ease* mentfr, or privileges, shall arise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, upon payment of the on payment money so ordered to be paid for the purchase of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or pri- Uncuf&c. vi leges, or, upon refusal or inability to receive the same, leaving justices may the feme in the hands of such person as the justices in their take poffdfioo quarter sessions shall appoint, for the use of the party or parties thcrco* sntitled thereto, or in case of the said party or parties not being

to be found1, then, upon notice to be published in some paper or papers circulating in or near the said county, riding, divisi-on, city, town, liberty, or precinct, where such house of correction is to be built or enlarged, of the payment or investment of such purchase-money, the said lands, tenements, heredi-ments, easements, and privileges so purchased, shall vest in the person or persons who shall be authorised to take and hold the lame by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said justices, or any two of them, their workmen or agents, to enter upon, and take possession of,

?nd make use of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, and every part thereof; and thereupon all such persons and parties who vyere the

owners or occupiers thereof, shall be diverted of all right and title in and to the same* and every part thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Justices, wha justice or justices of the peace is or are, cur shall be, by any act

’v " C c c 4 of

73$ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c,55* [ 1 y%

k summary °* parliament, authorised or impowered to convict any perfect uay, may7 or persons before him or them, in a summary way, without the

tommit of- intervention of a jury, it. shall and may be lawful, from and

fenders to the after tj,e paning of this act, for such justice or justices of the tcdtion. C°r* peace so authorised or impowered as aforesaid, if he or they shall think fir, to commit such person or persons, lo convt&ed in such summary way as aforesaid, to the house of correction within his or their jurisdiction, in lieu or in (lead of the common gaolj any law, flatuter or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

The SCHEDULE to which this act refers*

FORM of Mortgage and charge upon the county rates for securing the money borrowed.

I'IfE A.B. one of his Majesty's Justices of the peace, and -

man of the court of quarter fejjiens of the peace for the by. of (as the case shall be,) holders

at the day of

C.D. and E. F. esquires, two other of his justices of the

peace acting for the said county, &c. and in the said court,

in pursuance of the power to us given by an ail passed in the twenty* fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the -

tuled, fsV. [iqfert the title of the act], in open-

mortgage and charge all the rates to be the said

&c. (as the case shall be,) under the description county by the laws.now in being, with the payment of the Jam of

which G. H. of bath proposed and agreed to

lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid towards defraying the txpentes of building, repairing, tsf(as the case shall be,) the house of correction for the said county,(&c. And we do hereby confirm and ejtabljh the fame unto the said G. H. his executors, -

ton, and aj/igns, for securing the repayment of the of

and the interest agreed upon for the fame, after the rate of _ ,per centum per annum; do order the treasurer for such county, idc. or other person, (as the case shall be,) to pay the interest. of the said sum of half yearly, as the same shall become, the principal shall be

discharged,pursuant to the directions of the said

CAP. (LVI.\

An act for the effectual transp felons and other

and to authorize the removal of prisoners in certain cases j and for other purposes therein ment.

WHEREAS it is expedient Umpower his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to appoint certain places, as well out of his Majestfs dominions as within the same, to which

feint

V.

1^84.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5 733

felons and other offenders may be transported^ and to make other regulations for the more effectual transportation of Juth offenders; may

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from and after the passing of this Anyperson act, when any person or persons, at any section of oyer and ter- convicted, in miner, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general section England or of the peace, to be holden for any county, riding, division, city, punirtir town, borough, liberty, or place, within that part of Great - able bytranf*" tain called England, or at any great section to be holden for the portation, county palatine of Chejfter, or within the principality of 1Valesy may> tythe shall be lawfully convicted of grand or petit larceny, or any dered to bo" other offence for which such person or persons shall be liable transported by the laws of this realm to be transported, it shall and may be accordingly! lawful for the court before which any such person or persons shall be so convicted as aforesaid, or any subsequent court holden at any place for the same county, riding, division, city, town, borough, liberty, or place respectively, with like authority, to order and adjudge that such person or persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be transported beyond the seas, for any' term of years not exceeding the number of years or term for which such person or persons is or are, or shall be liable by any law to be transported y and, in every such case, it shall and And his Mat may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his j*ftyin <?°un* privy council, to declare and appoint to what place or places, ^in^to^hat part or parts beyond the seas, either within his Majesty's do- place beyond minions, or elsewhere out of his Majesty's dominions, such fel- the seas he onsor other offenders shall be conveyed or transported; and shall be Cent* such court as aforesaid is hereby authorised and impowered to order such offenders to be transferred to the use of any person or persons, and his or their assigns, who shall contract for the due performance of such transportation: and when his Majesty, if his Majesty his heirs and successors, shall be pleased to extend mercy to any should extend offender or offenders who hath or have been, or shall be con- mercy to victed of any crime or crimes for which he, she, or they is, are, n"Lg^entdhcf or shall be by law excluded from the benefit of clergy, upon punishmen^of condition of trar.fportation to any place or places, part or parts death, the beyond the seas, either for term of life, or any number of years, court may and such intention of mercy shall be signified by one of his ?"*er biai to Majesty's principal secretaries of state, it shall be lawful for any e<j b^Sdtht court, having proper authority, to allow such offender or offen- seas, for any ders the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in cases term of years where such offender or offenders shall be authorised by his Ma- e*ceJ"|*n£ jesty to transport himself, berfelf, or themselves) to order the o^yea^so/ transfer of such offender or offenders to any person or persons term for who shall contract for the due performance of such transporta- which such tion, and his or their assigns, for such and the fame term of P^0."or Per* years for which any such offender or offenders shall have been or- fl"ll°be X. dered to be transported, or for such term of life or years as shall ble by any

be law to be transported.

734 Anno rioefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. f 1784.

be spectiicd in such condition of transportation as aforesaid 5 and Contractor to such person or persons lb contriving as aforesaid, his or their have a pro- assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid, shall KJiceof the have a property in the service of such offender or offenders, for eflender. such terms respectively; and when any offender or offenders hath or have been, or shall be convidfced of any crime or crimes for which he, she, or they is or are by law excluded the benefit of clergy,* the judge, before whom such offender or offenders shall be conviried, or any justice of the King’s bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer of the degree of the coif, in case the (laid offender or offenders shall have been tried at any court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, in, or any

justice of Chester or Wales* in case the said offender or offenders shall be tried and convicted within any of their respective juris-diriions, may on such intention of mercy as aforesaid being signified to him by one of the said principal secretaries of date, make an order for the immediate transportation of such offender or offenders, in the fame planner as if such intention of mercy had been dignified by one of the said principal secretaries of state during the continuance of the afliaes or sessions at which such offender or offenders was or were condemned; and such order shall be considered as an order made at such affixes or sessions as aforesaid, and shall be as effectual, and have all the fame consequences as any order for the transportation of any offender or offenders made by any justice of oyer and terminer, great sessions, or gaol delivery, for any county, city, liberty, borough, or place, during the continuance of the assizes or sessions.

Persons vn-

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every dertaking to person or persons to whom any such offender or offenders shall ftnders[ to " be transferred as aforesaid, shall, before any of them shall be rive proper delivered over to him or them to be transported, give security security. that he or they will transport, or cause to be transported effectually, such offender or offenders to such place or places, part or parts beyond the seas respectively, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in such manner as aforesaid, and procure such evidence as the nature of the case will admit of the landing of such offender or offenders so transferred as aforesaid, in that place or part, or tfrofe places or parts beyond the seas where to he, she, or they shall be ordered to be transported, (death and casualties by sea excepted), and that he, she, or they shall not be suffered to return to Great Britain or Inland by the wilful default of the person or persons so contrariing as aforesaid, or of his or their assigns.

Court may ap* XII« And be it also enacted, That such court as aforesaid tieesVor the m3X aPP°*n* two justices of the peace for the county, riding, county, &c. to division, city, liberty, borough, or place where such offender comraa for or offenders shall have been convicted, who shall have power transjOTtation to contract with any person or persons for the performance of of^offenders, |^e transportation of such offender or offenders, and to order such security to be taken as aforesaid j and allb to cause such

17*4*3 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $6.

offender or offenders to be delivered, by the respective gaoler* in whose custody he, she, or they shall be, to the person or persons contracting, or to his or their assigns; which contracts and security shall be certified by the justices, who shall make and take the same to the next court to be holden with like authority for the said county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, or place, to be hied and kept among the records of such court j and alV securities for transportation shall be by S«curitlet bond, in the name of the respective clerks of the peace, or other ^be^Snl? clerks of the court, who shall prosecute such bonds in their own the name or names \ for which purpose, every such clerk of the peace, or the clerk of clerk of the court, and his successors respectively, shall be deem- the P«ace> &c. ed a body corporate, and shall have and be paid all such costs "* as they shall sustain, in any such suit as the justices of the

peace shall at their general quarter sessions of the peace direct, out of the publick (lock; and all monies recovered on such bonds shall be for the use of the respective county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, or place, and be paid to their respeCUve treasurers, to be part of the publick (lock; and all charges in or about making the contra&s, taking securities, and N

conveying felons at)d other offenders in order to be transported,

shall be borne by each county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, or place, for which the court was held which ordered such offenders to be transported, and the respective treasurers shall, by order of the justices in quarter sessions, pay all such Charges to the persons employed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the person or persons con*

so contracting as aforesaid, and to whom any offenders shall be transpw-tof-delivered in order to be transported, or any person or persons fender^ may directed by the said justices (impowered to contract as afore- carry them said), or their assigns, may in such manner as they shall think through any fit, carry and secure the said offenders in and through any coun- sea^poit0 ty of Great Britain, towards the sea-port or place from whence 1>°t they are to be transported; and if any person or persons shall Penalty on refeue such offenders, or any of them, or assist them, or any of "feuing them, in making their escape from such person or persons 4*s thero, ®cc* shall hayc them in their custody as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in pfe8 of felony, without benefit of clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any person if any offender or offenders, who shall be so ordered by any such orde!*d for $ourt as aforesaid to be transported beyond the seas, or who shall

agree to transport himself or herself on certain conditions, either be found at for life or any number of years, to any such place or places, large in Great part or parts, as shall be appointed by his Majesty in manner ,rc"

aforesaid, shall be afterwards at large within any part of the expiration kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, without some lawful cause, of his term, before the expiration of the *crm for which such offender or he shall (uffc^ offenders shall have been ordered to be transported beyond the death, seas, or shall have so agreed to transport himself or herself as aforesaid, every such offender being at large as aforesaid, being

thereof

73$

before whom such offenders may be triecK

Person* difeo-vering and prosecuting such offend* era, intitled to a reward of aol. and a certificate, See,

His Majesty impowered to order, or to authori fe three justices of peaefc to order the removal of male

Srifoners un-cr sentence of death, from any gaol in England or Wales.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5

thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy} and such offender or offenders may be tried, either before justices of assize, oyer and terminer, great sessions, or gaol delivery, for the county, city, liberty, borough, or place, where such offender or offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence he, she, or they were ordered to be transported; and the clerk of the assize, clerk of the peace, or other officer or clerk of the eburt having the cuf-' tody of the records where such orders of transportation shall be made, shall, at the request of the prosecutor, or any other person on his Majesty's behalf, make out and give a certificate in writing, signed by him, containing the effect and substance only (omitting the formal part) of every indictment and conviction of such offender or offenders, and of the order for his or her transportation, to the justices of assize, oyer and terminer, great sessions, or gaol delivery, where such offender or of* tenders shall be indicted, (not taking for the fame more than two shillings and sixpence), which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and order for the transportation of such offender or offenders: and whoever shall discover and prosecute to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such offender or offenders so being at large as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a reward of twenty pounds for every such offender so convicted; and shall have the like certificate, without fee or reward, as any person or persons may be intitled unto for the apprehending and prosecuting to conviction persons who have committed any robbery upon the highway: provided nevertheless. That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may pardon and dispense with such transportation, and allow of the return of any such offender or offenders to the kingdom of Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawfut for his Majesty from time to time, by an order in writing, to be notified by one of his said principal secretaries of state, or for any three or more of such of his Majesty's justices of the peace acting in and for the county, riding, division, city, borough, liberty, or place* 'in which any gaol shall be situated, as shall be authorised by his Majesty under his (ign* manual, to direct the removal of any male offender or offenders who shall be under sentence of death, but reprieved during his Majesty's pleasure, or under sentence or order of transportation, and who, having been examined by an experienced surgeon or apothe* cary, shall appear to be free from any putrid or infectious dif-temper, and fit to be removed from the gaol or prison in which such offender or offenders shall be confined, to such place of confinement within England, or the dominion of Wales, either at land, or on board any ship or*effel in the fives, or any navigable or other river, or within the limits of any port of England or Wales, as his Majesty, or any three of such justices, authorised as aforesaid,' shall from time to time appoint, under

the

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 737

the management of any overseer or overseers ta be appointed by his Majesty* or any three or more of such justices authoris-ed as aforesaid; and every offender wfto shall be so removed shall continue in the said place of confinement, or be removed tt> and confined in anyx>ther such place or places as aforesaid, as his Majesty, or any three or more of such justices, authorised as aforesaid, from time to time shall appoint, until such offender shall be transported according to law, or by the expiration of the term of such transportation, or otherwise, shall be intitled to his liberty, or until his Majesty, or any three or more of such justices, so authorised as aforesaid, shall direct the return Pf such offender to the gaol or prison from which he shall have been so removed 5 and the sheriff or gaoler having Gaoler to de-the custody of any offender whose removal shall be ordered in liver offenders manner aforesaid, shall, with all convenient speed after receipt f^horders° of the notification of any such order, convey^ or cause ‘to be with a propec conveyed, every such offender to the place appointed* and certificate, there deliver him, together with a certificate, Containing his christian name, surname, and age, and also the offence for which, and the court in which, he was convicted, and the purport of his or her sentence, to such overseer oroverseers as aforesaid, who shall give a proper receipt in writing to the sheriff or gaoler for the discharge of such sheriff or gaoler.

VII. And be it enacted, That all fees on the delivering out Gaofen sett, of custody of any such offender so ordered to be removed, as and expences have ufally been paid* and would have been due to the sheriff of

or gaoler in case such offender had been removed in order to thtcounty have been transported, and all reasonable expences which the &c. sheriff or gaoler shall incur in every such removal, shall be paid by the county, riding, division, city, borough, liberty* or place* -for which the court in which the offender was convicted shall have been held; and the sheriff or gaoler shall receive the money due for stich fees and expences from the treasurer of such county, riding, division, city, borough, liberty, or place, such fees and expences being first allowed by the order of the justices of the peace at their quarter or other general sessions of the peace, who are hereby required to make such order as shall be just in that behalf.

VIII. And be it further enacted, TThat after the removal of Overseer*, to any offender under this act, the overseer who shall have the ^hom such, custody of him shall, during the term of such custody, have the §elfvered *to fame powers over him as are. incident to the office of a sheriff have the fame pr gaoler, and in like manner be answerable for any escape of power* over such offender; and also, during such custody, shall feed and them8a°l-clothe such offender, and shall keep him to labour at such ers* *c* places, and under such directions, limitations, and restrictions,

as his Majesty, or any three or more of such justices, so authorised, as aforesaid, shall from time to time, by any order to be directed to such overseer or overseers for their instruction,

And it is hereby declared, TM the time during which Time of im-

ioint.

e

any prisonment ta

Anno vicesimo quarto Gsoitcn tit. e. $6. ['1784.' any offender shall have continued in gaol under lenience of transportation, or being removed under the provisions aforesaid, fhaM continue confined by Virtue of this act, shall be taken and reckoned in discharge or part discharge or satisfaction of the term of his transportation.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any offender shall) during such custody under this act, be guilty of any misbehavi-

rate punish* our ot cfiforderly conduct, it shall be lawful for such overseer meat for mil- __________lL*.. lJ

nr

be deemed part of the term of transportation.

Overseers may inflict mode-

behaviour,

&c»

or overseers, having the custody of such offender, to infliftor cause to be inflicted such moderate punishment or correction as may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a house of cor* redtion; and if any such offender shall break from, or unlawfully escape from the custody of fifch overseer or overseers, of if any person shall refeue, or attempt to refeue, or assist in refeuing, any such offender from such custody, or shall convey, or cause to be conveyed, any disguise, instrument, or arms to such offender, every- such offence shall be punishable in the same manner as if such offender had been confined in a *aol or prison, in the custody of the sheriff or other gkoler, For the crime of which such offender shall have been convicted. Overseers to

XL. And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the make returns several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this of prisoners adV, shall from time to time make returns, specifying the name of every person in their custody, the offence of which heor (he shall have been guilty, the court before which he or she shall have been convicted, and the sentence of such court, together with his age and bodily state, and his behaviour whilst in custody j and also the names of such offenders who shall have died whilst in such custody, or shall have escaped, or have been lawfuly discharged from the same 5 which returns shall be made, on the first day of every term, to his Majestf s court of king’s bench at Westminster^ on the oath of the person or persons making the same 5- such oath to be made before the court, or any commissioner authorized to take affidavits in the same.

XII. And whereas there are several persons confined in county and city gaols iti England and Wales, under ftntences and orders matt by one or more jufliu or justices of peace at their, or

wife> upon conventions in a summary way, without the intervention of a jury; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any

to the court of king's bench, the fktt day of every term*

Justice of af-

remove prU justice of assize or great sessions, or any two or more justices foners com- of the peace within whose jurisdiction such gaol is situate, to mitted by juf- remove any such person or persons to any house of correWfl tices of peace. the said jurisdiction, thereto be confined, and to re-

main in execution of such sentence or order.

If offenders

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any offender bath cannot conve- already been ordered to be transported to any part beyond the nlently be fca5> or jf any order shall at any time hereafter be made fdrthe theplacemen? transportation of any offender, and such order cannot be con-tioned in their veniently executed with respect to the place in such order ttitj* sentence, the tioned, it shall be lawful for the court of king’s benchj or w*

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. 73

the court before which any such person hath been convicted,or court of king* any court holden for the same county, riding, division, city, bench* borough, liberty, or place, having like authority, or (in the JhJ^,°to Se vacation time, and out of term) for any two justices of the transported to court of king’s bench, common pleas, or barons of the court any other of exchequer of the degree of the coif, to order that such of- Fjjcstbeyfeall fender shall be transported to any other part or place beyond tlimk proper# the Teas, which shall have been appointed by his Majesty for the transportation of such offenders, in such and the like manner, and for the fame term of years, as such offender is or shall be liable to be transported to the place mentioned in thu «-original sentence or order for his or her transportation; and such order shall be considered as made at the same time, and shall be as effectual to every intent and purpose, and shall have all the fame consequence9, in every respect, as the original order for the transportation of such offender, and such offender shall be transferred, conveyed, and made over, to any person who will contrail for the performance of such transportation, and to his or their assigns, in like manner as if such offender had been transported to the f>lace mentioned in the original order of transportation; and such person or persons, so contracting as aforesaid, his or their assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as aforesaid, shall have a property in the service of the said offender, for the remainder of the term for which the offender was originally ordered to be transported; and in case such of Offenders re-fender, so ordered for transportation, shall be afterwards at turningbefora large within any part of the kingdom of Great, without of th^term*1 some lawful cause, before the expiration of the term for which tofufferdtadt such offender shall have been ordered to be transported, every such offender being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy, and shall be tried before such judges, and in such manner, and the fame evidence made use of, for his or her conviction, as is or shall be directed by the laws now in being, or hereafter to be made, for the trial of other offenders found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to be transported; and whoever shall discover, and prosecute to *01, reward conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such offender for prosecute so being at large within this kingdom as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a reward of twenty pounds for every such offender so ,cn c"* convicted, and shall have the like certificate, without fee or reward, as any person may be intitled to for the apprehending and prosecuting to conviction, persons who have committed any robbery upon the highway.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the expences of car- Expence# of rying this act into execution, as far as the same relates to the executing this removal of prisoners convicted, and remaining in custody under a^\!?auvc sentence of death, and respited during his Majesty's pleasure, or under sentence or order of transportation to other places of con- foners, &c. to finement, and which are not otherwise provided for, shall be be laid annu-tnnually laid before both houses of parliament, and shall be ally before

provided umeatf

749

and, on obtaining a ver did, shall recover treble costs.

Limitation of actions.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1784.

provided for in the next supplies to be granted to his Majesty by parliament.

Perftmt prose-

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action cuted forexe- shall be prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing cuting this act done in pursuance oMthis ad, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in general evidence any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame

was done by the authority of this act; and if a vertfid shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, after issue joined 5 or if, on demurrer or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other cases; and notwithstanding a verdict shall be given to any plaintiff in such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdict,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, and prosecutions to be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county and place where the fad was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fad committed, and not otherwise.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this act, an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act to authorize the removal of in certain

and to amend the laws respenin the transportation of offenders,) ex-

except with cept with regard to any prisoners who have already been remov-regard to pri- ed from any gaol or prison, and placed under the management foncrswbo of any overseer or overseers, by virtue of the said act, which moved by vfr* Pr^oners shall, from and after the passing of this act, b* tue thereof, subject to the orders and regulations herein-before contained, instead of those contained in the said act, shall be, and the is hereby repealed.

19 Geo. 3,c.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That an act passed m 74, continued the nineteenth year of the reign1 of his present Majesty, (intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to tht -

tinny imprisonment, and other punishment of certain (n«j

be and remain in force until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the provisions of this act> *° far as the fame extend to authorize the removal offenders to # temporary places of confinement, shall continue to be in force until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred *no eighty-seven, and from thence until the end of the (hen session of parliament.

c. is, oflaft session, repealed

until June 1787.

Continuance of this act.

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 574' 74-

CAP. LVII.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former prd»

prietors, upon certain terms and condit, the forfeited in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board tf trustees by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reigti of his late Majesty King George the Second j repeal the said aft,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of his late majesty King George, the Se, an act for vesting in his Majesty the estates of certain traitors, and for R<c,taI ofi& more effectually discovering the fame, and applying the pro- co* duce thereof to the use of his Majesty; and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon), the estates of those who had been attainted of high treason for their accession to the then late rebellion, were declared to be in his to the

payment of debts, and under various regulations therein contained: and whereas by another act, made in the twos the reign of his said late Majesty, (intituled An act for annexing certain

forfeited estates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for 4* i making satisfaction to the lawful creditors thereupon; and ter establish a method of managing the fame; and applying the rents and profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the future), all and every the lands and estates which were then in the hands of his Majesty, by the attainder of Simon late lord Lovat, and certain other persons therein named, were declared to be unalienably annexed to the imperial crown of these realms; and -vifton was also made by the said last receited act, for payment of all just and lawful debts due by the forfeiting persons before their attainder, and for transacting the clams made by to

the property of some of these estates; and likewise for acquiring the superiorities belonging to such subject superiors: and whereas, by an act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's , (intituled An act to enable his Majesty to grant unto major geqp- and h Gear, fs ral Frazer the lands and estate of the late Simon lord, c* »* upon certain terms and conditions), the said act of the -fifth year of his late Majesty was repealed, in so far as it related to the estate which formerly belonged to the said Simon late lord Lovat; which estate was thereby difannexed from the crown, and been granted by his Majesty, in the terms, and under the conditions at length spectfiedin the aforesaid act passed in the fourteenth year of

bit present Majesty's reign: and whereas the said estates were put under the management of a board of trustees or commissioners for managing thf fame, and applying the rents and profit* thereof for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and -curing the peace and loyalty of the inhabitants: and by the

experience of many years fence that time it has been found, that n§ subjects in any part of his Majesty's dominions are more loyal or -ful, or better affected to his Majesty's person and t than

742 Anno vicesimo quarto GEORGII III. c. 57. [1784.

the inhabitants of the Highlands of Scotland now, many of

of all ranks and descriptions, have performed to their country in the late wars between Great Britain and its, and more particularly the heirs and families. of all or most of the attainted persons have been employed in the service of their lawful fever eign9 and testified their loyalty and zeal upon all and

therefore it is ft that they should now receive some mark of his -

jesty's royal mercy And clemency: and whereas it is expedient that the said estates be now difannexed9 and restored to the heirs or families of the former owners9 upon the payment, of attain sums on account of the debts due by the forfeiting which were discharged by the

publicky and under the other conditions herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted *, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-flUMa|efty thorityof the fame* That it shall and maybe lawful to his Ma-impowerea to jesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone, to fononrabte the honourable John commonly called Lord AP*

John M Ken* Leod9 elded son of George late earl of, and his heirs

vie, and his and aligns, all and every the lands, lordships, baronies, tithes, f51?* i*!/*c patronages, fishings, and other like heretages, which became ihrps*,'&c!for- forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the attainder of the said feited to his George late earl of Cromarty9 now deceased, and which were an-late Majesty nexed to the crown by the aforesaid act* in the twenty*fifth tZnde/of year t^lc reign of his said late Majesty; subject always to, and George late chargeable with the sum of nineteen thousand and ten pounds, Earl of Cro- ten shillings, and seven-pence, and ten twelfth parts of a penny *r}V\* sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the court of cx-

subject to chequer in Scotland as herein after directed.

7 d*?to bfe paid And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ft into the ex* shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and fiic-chequer in ceflors, to give, grant, and dispone, to Donald Cameron9 son Scotland: an(j hcjr Qf Charles Cameron9 late captain in the seventy-first

And to regiment of foot, deceased, who was only lawful son of Donald DonaldCame- Cameron late of hochiel9 and his heirs and afffgns, all and every forfeited by1* *and» and estate which became forfeited to his said late

the attainder Majesty by the attainder of the said Donald Cameron late of of Donald Lcchiel, now deceased; subject always to, and chargeable with,

Cameron late the sum of three thousand four hundred thirty-three pounds, fobfeaw ^Nings, and onfi penny, and fix twelfth patts of a penny

sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the said court of id. to be paid exchequer as after directed.

as aforesaid:

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it

can s£ wart" A^d may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the lands forgive, grant, and dispone, \o Duncan Steward eldest lawful feited by the son of Charles Stewart late of Ardfbedl9 and his heirs and assigns, attainder of all and every the lands and estate which became forfeited to his Charles Stew- said ]a|e Majesty, by the attainder of the said Charles Stewart, subject to now deceased, and which w^re annexed to the crown as afore^ *991* 7 s. jd, said subject always to, and chargeable with the fucp of fiir

0 ' hundred

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Geoiigii tit c. 57.

hundred ninety-nine pounds, seven shillings, and nine-pence, to He paid at and one twelfth part of a penny sterling, of principal money, taaforesaid: be paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it And to John

shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, M'Donaldithi to give, grant, and dispone, to John AP eldest fob and id"by the a£ heir of the deceased lieutenant colonel Alexander *. of tainder of the seventy-first regiment of foot, who was eldest son of Donald Donald

Ml* Donald late of Kinkchtnoydart, and his heirs and assigns, all M‘* Donald 3

and every the lands and estate which became forfeited to his said late Majesty, by the attainder of the said Donald Donald

late of Kinkchmcydart,.now deceased; and which were annexed

to the crown as aforesaid; subject always to, and chargeable f°Hjed ttf

with the sum of one thousand one hundred and eleven pounds, '

fifteen shillings, and five-pence sterling, of principal money, to as aforesaid*

be paid into the said court of exchequer as hereafter directed,

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it And to c°k shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, "tfon

to give, grant, and difpqpe, to colonel Duncan M\ hnds forfeited

only lawful, son of Evan M‘i Pherjon, late of and his by the at-heirs and assigns, all and every the lands and estate which be- tainder of came forfeited to his said late Majesty by the attainder of the ^a.nM<Phcf" laid Evan M'. Pherfony now deceased; subject always to, and subj*ed to chargeable with the sum of five thousand one hundred thirty- 5,138). 171. eight pounds, seventeen shillings, and eleven-pence, and seven If.«- to b« twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it And c6l. shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ^fube lands to give, grant, and dispone, to colonel John late of forfeited 3by*

th^ seventy-sixth regiment of foot, eldest lawful son of Duncan the attainder AP. Donelly late of Lochgarjy and his heirs and assigns, all and of Duncan

every the lands, tithes, and other heretages and estate, which M<* became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the attainder of the said Duncan MDotielly now deceased, and which were an-

nexed to the crown as aforesaid $ subject always to, and charge- subject to able with the sum of two thousand and eighty-three pounds, twelve shillings, and one penny, and five twelfth parts of a pen- *s a£refoidi tty sterling, of principal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That It And to John shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone umo John eldest lawful Cd by the at-

son of Allan Cameron, late of Callart, and his heirs and af* tainder of

signs, all and every the lands, tithes, and other heretages and Allan Came-estate, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the rQn 5 attainder of the said Allan Gamerony now deceased; subject al- subject to ways to, and chargeable with the sum of four hundred and 4*'oh t$%. twenty pounds; fifteen shillings, and nine-penCe sterling, of ^’atorefe* principal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer as aforesaid/

Ddd 2 VIII. Ami

744 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57. [1784.

And to Fran-

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it rV A*'ar<l|,naJ* shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, forfeited* to S, Vf> grant, and dispone to Francis, late of his attainder; Mcnaltry, who has received his Majesty's most gracious pardon, and his heirs and assigns, all and every the lands, tithes, and other heretages and estate, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the attainder of the said Francis

subject to subject always to, and chargeable with the sum of one thou-

os. sand six hundred and thirteen pounds, and nine-pence, and

L^aforxfoli ^our twe^1^ Parts a Penny sterling, of principal money, to be

as a rc paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

His Majesty

IX. And whereas the lands and estate which were surveyed rnay grant to ancj annexed to the crown, as belonging to Archibald M*. Donald M^Donell f°n c°l* M*, Donald of were in fact only held in

the lands for- wadfett by the said col. M‘. and his son, re-

feited by the deemable for the sum of one thousand five hundred and twenty-aVu/1 seven pounds, fifteen fallings, and sixpence, and fix twelfth McDonald Parts a Penny> by John Donell of but were ne-

vertheless allowed to be surveyed and forfeited as the absolute property of the said Archibald Donald, without any efrim being entered in due time by John Donell the reverser,

whose heir ought now to be refiored against the consequences

of that oversight: and whereas the debts due by the said Archibald M6. Donald at the period of the forfeiture, and which were afterwards paid by the publick, exceeded the wadfett sum before-mentioned, so that no benefit could accrue to him by restoring him to the right of wadfett, with the burden of a. sum equal to or exceeding his debts; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successfors, to give, grant, and dispone the said lands and estate to Duncan Ad*. now of the grand son and heir of the aforesaid John *. of

subject to Glengary, and his heirs and assigns; subject always to, and I^6Jo1,b^3®jd chargeable with the sum of one thousand six hundred sixty-ls aforesaid; seven pounds, thirteen shillings, and five-pence, and ten twelfth ' parts of a penny fierling, of principal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer as after directed.

X. And whereas the estate Perth, wh'uh became forfeited by the attainder of John Drummond, taking upon himselftbe file or title of Lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking on him)elf the file Duke of Perth, food devijed

before the forfeiture to heirs male: and whereas the said John Drummond died without leaving issue lawful of his and it is

not yet ascertained who is his near eft collateral heir; be it

And to the enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law-Tohn Drunw^ to Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and mond, &c"the dispone to the heirs male of the said John who would

estate of Per th, have been intitled to succeed by the investitures of the said estate, forfeited byhis had it not been forfeited, and to the heirs and assigns of such attainder; heir male, ass ancj every the lands, lordships, baronies, fisheries, tithes, patronages, and other heretages and efiates, which heft cathe

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. sf.

came forfeited to his said late Majesty by the attainder of the said

John Drummond, taking upon himself the stile or title of Lord

John Drummondy and which were annexed to the crown as aforesaid; subject always to, and chargeable with the sum of fifty- subject to two thousand five hundred forty-seven pounds, one shilling, and 52.5*7l. sixpencp, and three twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of Pr*n" ‘a8dj/orera|dj cipal money, to be paid into the said court of exchequer, as after directed.

\sXI. And whereas Francis Buchanan, late of Arnpryor, another of the forfeiting persons, also died without lawful issue of his body, possessed of or intitled to tie following lands and estates; videlicet,

The estate of Arnpryor, and the lands of Stank and Kerinoch, which were devised to heirs general, and ihe estate of Strathyre, and certain part$ of the lands of Arnfinlay, which were devised to heirs male; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That And to grant it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and succes- the estate of fors, to grant and dispone to mistress Jean, widow of the deceased John M*.Nab of Mc> Nab esquire, lifter and heir ^eattainder general of the said Francis Buchanan, and her heirs and assigns, of Francis Bu-the said estate of Arnpryor, and the said lands of Stank and chanan, to his rinoch; and to John Buchanan otAuchleJfie esquire, the heir male he,rs» of the said Francis Buchanan, and his heirs and assigns, the said estate of Strathyre, and the said parts of the lands of Arnfinlay; subject always to, and chargeable, the said whole estates and subject to lands so to be granted, with the payment of the sum of two thousand four hundred ninety-seven pounds, eight shillings, * af£refa{d#l and three-pence, and eight twelfth parts of a penny sterling, of principal money, to be. paid by them the said mistress Buchanan, and John Buchanan, and their heirs, jointly and severally, into the said court of exchequer, as after directed; but declaring that the said persons shall have such claims against each other to be relieved of the said sum, either in whole or in part, as they would have had with respect to their predecessors debts, if there had been no forfeiture.

XII. And be it further cna<Sled by the authority aforesaid, That the several principal sums aforesaid shall be made payable When the said by the different grantees, their heirs, and assigns, into the court sums shall be of exchequer in Scotland, in equal moieties, one half of each J^ch^uer*1* sum at the term of Martinmaiy in the year one thousand seven x hundred and eighty-lix, and the oilier half at the said term in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,together with interest upon the whole at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the term of Martinmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, until payment of the sums due, with a fifth part more of liquidated penalty in case of failure; for Barons of ex-wh’ich payments so made, the lord chief baron, and other ba- chequer to rons of the said court, or any three of them, are hereby im- S'vc d,r" powered, authorised, and required to execute, on behalf of his the^me.0* Majesty, his heirs and fucctfffors, and all others concerned, and to deliver to those from whom the money is received, full and ample receipts, discharges, and renunciations of the said money,

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57.

[178^.

principal and interest, so paid, according to the forms prescribed by the law of Scotland for discharging and renouncing heretable debts and real incumbrances in that part of the united Kingdom; which receipts, discharges, and renunciations, shall be good, valid, and sufficient acquittances, in the fame man*

ner, and as effectually, to all intents and purpof^s, as if they had been granted by his Majesty, his heirs or successors» any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. paid monies,

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when pud in- t^e monies, when paid into the court of exchequer as aforer *uerChtm^to shall he forthwith, by order of the court, lodged in t!\e °f? r°yal hank or bank of Scotland, pr in any of the publick funds, for such interest as can be obtained for the fame, till other wifi? disposed of, in maimer after directea.

XIV. And whereat the ba and estate trowan, which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertson Strowan, became for-felted to the crown by a'decree or sentence in the

parlimunt of Scotland, in the year one Thousand six hundred andt ninety, fuhj.fi to the debts then owing by thy Alexander Ro- berifon, and the estate was afterwards given back to his family, pad,having come into his, new debts were. by

biru; but he having again commuted treason, and been attainted, the gift tbas recalled, and the estate declared, and, by a dause in the said afi of the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, was annexed unalienably to the, and none the debts have yet been paid: and whereas the said Alexander Robertson, 'late of Strowan, is now dead,without having left issue lawful of his body, and the invefitures of the said estate before the forfeiture Jlood in favour of heirs male; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, |fit Majesty That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and may grant the successors, to give, grant, and dispone to lieutenant colonel Strowan? ice. Alexander Robertson, of the eighty-second regiment of foot, the forfeited by peareft heir male of the said Alexander, and his heirs

and- assigns, all and every the barony of, and other

the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which became forfeited by the attainder of the said Alexander, and which were annexed to the crown as aforesaid; subject always to, and chargeable with the payment, to the creditors of the said de-cealed Alexander Robertson, of all the just and onerous debts due by him, whether contracted before his forfeiture or afterwards, debt"with in- w an accdniulation of interest on the debts contracted before icreft, t the forfeiture, as at (dhriflmas, one thousand seven hundred and fifry-two; and lik'ewife with the burden of paying the debt; contracted by Margaret, fifter to the said deceased

Alexander, who some time possdled the estate as a trustee for the family; the said lieutenant colonel Alexander Robertson, and his f >refaids, being bound to relieve the crown and the publick of all claims and demands whatever at the instance of these creditors.

XV. And whereas, before tbs, the said estates of Ard-

(heal, Kinlochmoydart, Lochgary, and part of the estate of Lo-

chid.

the attainder of Alexander Robertson of Strowan. to lieut. col. Alexander Robertson; subject to the payment ot

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto GepRGII III. c. 57. ' 74

chid, were balden of the dukes of Argyle and Atho], as

from whom they were acquired by the publicity in virtue of powers given by the aforesaid adJ, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty $ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and His Majesty successors, to give, gram, and dispone to John duke of, n«y grant the his heirs and assigns, the superiorities aforesaid of the said lands and estates of Ardfbcal, Kinlocbmoydart, and part of, which estates to the

were formerly holden of his predecessor, he or they always pay- duke of Ar-ing into the said court of exchequer the sum of two hundred &y*e» on p?n-and three pounds, eleven shillings, and five-pence, and fixpay?ngcertam twdfth parts of a penny (lerling, of principal money, for sums into the Jheal\ the sum of one hundred and fifty-two pounds, five (hil- exchequer; lings, and sixpence, and fix twelfth parts of a penny (lerling, of principal money, for Kinlocbmoydart; and the sum of one thousand two hundred and eighteen pounds, four shillings, and five-pence (lerling, of principal money, for 5 being the

sums which his predecessor received as the value of these superiorities j and in like manner, that it shall and may be lawful and thereto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dif-pone to John duke of Athol, his heirs and assigns, the fupei iority the‘duke of the said estate of Lothgary, formerly holden of his predqcessor, Athol, on a he or they always paying into the said court of exchequer the similar condU sum of one thousand six hundred and seventy-four pounds, fif- tl0* teen shillings, and fix twelfth parts of a penny (lerling, of principal money, for the fame, being the value which his prede-

ceflTor received \ these several sums to* be paid at the term of Whitsunday in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, with interest for the fame, at the rate of five per centum Per annum, from the term of Martinmas, one thousand fevea

hundred and eighty-four, till the time of payment, with a fifth part more in name of penalty in case of failure; and the receipts, discharges, and acquittances for the fame, to be granted in manner before directed.

XVI. And whereas, for the relief of certain smaller who

held their lands and heretages of some of t attainted persons, from the expend and burden of making up their titles by precepts from the chancery, and charters from the crown, an act! was in the Jecondyear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An a<Sl for Recital of % relief of the vassals of the several estates which are or may be an.- G*0* l* c* ‘7* oexed to the crown, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty; and for carrying the purposes of the said act more effectually into execution j, inter alia, empowered the commissioners and t'rufiees for managing the said estates to receive resignations, and grant new charters containing

precepts of sasine, and also to grant \all other charters, precepts of

clare confiat, and other writings whatsoever, tiecessary or competent ' for completing the titles of the foresaid vassals, their heirs and successrs, in their lands and other heretages respectively, to be holdtn feu or blench of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the fame ipqy and manner as the said lands and heretages were they bolder*, or

P d d 4 tnighp

I

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57. [1784.

might be bolden of his Majesty; and which precepts fa-

fine, and precepts of dare constat, to be granted by such and trustees, were thereby declared to be as valid and effectual to the said vnffals, their heirs and fwgular for completing

infeftments in their lands and heretages as if the said

feftments had proceeded upon charters and precepts under the seal appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland in place of the great seal, or upon precepts from the and it was further

declared^ that the compositions payable by these small vassals be applied by the said commissioners for the same uses and purposes as the other rents, profits, and :ofualties of the said annexed estates; provided always, that it should be competent to the vassals of the said efates, their heirs and fwgular or any of if they

should think fit,to make up their titles to their respective lands by precepts from the chancery, or charters under the Jeal, in the fame ' way and manner as was competent to other vassals of the crown: be

£ertain valtils it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the of the estates said vassals of the estates of Perth, Cromarty, or as have

Dt be'confi0* UP t^ie*r lit*es ty special services and precepts from the

deredT*11" chancery, or by charters from the crown, since the forfeiture,

crown vassals. and their successors in the lands mentioned in such services, precepts, or charters, shall be considered as crown vassals to all indents and purposes, and shall not now be obliged to hold of ;the subject superidrs ;without prejudice, however, to their being obliged to pay their feu duties ter those superiors; but that pit others who formerly held their lands under the owners of any of the said forfeited estates, shall still continue as fub-vassals under those persons in whose favour the said estates are now to be granted; and the said act of his present Majesty is hereby repealed, so far as it gives them an option to hold of the frown.

XVII. And whereas, in virtue of powers given by an act passed f» Gpo.3.c. 33. in the sixth year of the reign his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to exchange the lands of Fernan and fix, in the county of Perth, for other lands belonging to the riglu^ honourable John earl of Breadalbanc, called Pitkellony, in the said county of Perth, binds Fernan, part of the annexed ejlafe <?/*Strowan, and the lands o/Lix, part of the annexed estate of Perth, were disponedto the said John ^Breadalbanc, in

exchange for certain parts of the ejlaie of Pitkellony, in the parish " of Muthl and county of Perth, lands Pitkellony lie conti-

guous to, and almost fur rounded by the estate of Perth; be it enacted Uis Majesty by the authority aforesaid, That the said excambion shall re-mav grant the main effectual and binding upoo all parties; and the said lands lands of Fit- of Pitkelfony, as particularly described in the as aforesaid, with witht'heestate tt^cs anc* Pertinents, being now considered as a part of the of Perth, $c. Estate of Perth, it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to give, grant, and dispone the fafne to the person who shall obtain the grant of the said estate of, such person, and his foresaids, always paying to the said lieutenant colonel Alexander Robe, and his foresaids, at the term

of

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57.

of ffhitfunday, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the

sum or three thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine pounds, thirteen shillings, and nine-pence sterling, being the sum at which the lands of Fernan, part of the estate of were

valued at the date of the excambion, with interest thereof, at the rate of five pounds per centum per from the term of

Martinmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, until payment, with a fifth part more of liquadated penalty in case of failure.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That where any of the said estates Clauftrelative now intended to be restored are held of subject superiors, the tothofeeitates several persons, their heirs or assigns, in whose favour the grants *fhif1b?rftbfi<4 are to be made, shall be intitled to receive their first charters, priori! tt* in virtue of the dispositions by his Majesty, from the said sub-

jest superiors of whom the lands are respectively held, for payment of no higher dues or casualties than are usually given 1

upon entries of heirs, or than those persons would be obliged to pay if they were entering as heirs to their several prede-ceftors.

XIX. And whereas by the said act of the twenty-fifth his late Majesty, and by the commissmers and injbuflions afterwards granted

by his Majesty to the said board of trustees, power was given to the said trustees to grant feus and leases of the said, and of parts and portions of them, under certain conditions and therein

specified: and whereas a variety of such feus and lease\ have -itigly been granted by the said board, some of, particularly of the leases, may not have been formally completed, but may yet Jland '

upon minutes and resolutions of the board, though possession may have followed, or the parties may have bona fide relied upon such minutes and refolutictns as binding; be it enacted, That nothing in this This a not act contained shall be understood as affecting the validity of any to affect the such feus or leases which have been thus entered into, and are validity of bona fide binding on the parties, though not regularly completed granted'by by formal deeds, without prejudice always to any challenge the board of which the said grantees, or any of them, may have to any of tniltces, in the said feus or leases as unduly made, contrary to the powers, pursuance of regulations, or conditions, specified in the said aeft of the twenty- t

firth of his late Majesty, or the commissions or instructions fol- 5 lowing thereupon, or where the conditions* may not have been duly implemented. ‘

XX. And provided always, and be it hereby declared, That powers of where any of the said feu rights contain clauses of redemption, redemption impowering the board of trustees in any event to redeem them, competent to the same power of redemption shall be competent to the several Srantec*«

grantees.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said grantees shall have rght to the rents and profits of the said respe<Slive lands and heretages for crop orre thousand seven hundred and eighty*five, and all fycoeeding years and crops; but the arrears of rent and other profits due, or which may become due, for the said lands pad heretages for crop ens thousand seven hundret) and eighty-

- four?

Grantees tq

have rents and profits of said lands for crop 178,5, and all (ucceeding years.

Pofrd of ititAtes to be

ftiontinntd

7$$ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57. [1784.

lour, and all preceedings, shall be directed to be called in and

levied by the said lord chief baron and other barons of the court of exchequer, and shall make a part of the general fund in their

hands, and who shall likewise grant discharges and acquittances

for the fame, and shall be intitled to sue for payment of all

monies directed by this act to be paid in to them, -according to

the usual forms of law*

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

That the aforesaid board of trustees shall be discontinued from and after the term of Martinma, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the Whole commissions to officers and

mm the term othtrs employed under the board are hereby declared to be void Martinmas, and of QO cffea frQm ,hat period#

XXIII. But in respect that some of theft officers have been long in that service, and have devoted a great part of their time and

industry for years paftin attending diligently add faithfully to the duties of their several Jiations under the fold board 5 be it therefore Annuities enabled by the authority aforesaid, That out of the said*monies may be grant- which are to be paid into the court of exchequer in Scotland *d to some of as aforesaid, an annua) sum, not exceeding five hundred and their officers 5 c|ghty pounds per annum in whole, shall be allowed to the officers and Servants now, employed under the Said

board during their respective lives, subject to the distribution of the lord chief baron and other barons of the Said court of exchequer.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the share to be given to each shall cease and expire upon the death of the person receiving it, and shall not be continued to the Survivors or Survivor; and the said lord chief baron, and other barons of the exchequer, are hereby authorised and impowered to take the assistance of Such person or persons as they judge necessary in executing the business committed to them, and to make such person or persons a reasonable compensation for his or their trouble out of the said fund.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all engagements which have already been come under by the board, and have been confirmed by royal warrant before the

Pacing a<^> shall be fulfilled and carried into execu-

tant!* ber* hon and the lord chief baron, and other barons of the Said court of exchequer, shall issue warrants for payment of the fame, and of the expences of passing this act, and of the aforesaid Sums to the officers, out of the first and readied of the Said Sums coming into their hands, and lodged in the said royal bank or bank of Scotland, or in any of the publick funds as aforesaid.

XXVI. And whereas a proper and fofe repository for containing

recor's of Scotland is much, and would be of great -

ihe°record»°of utility, and for that purpose a large building of stone was begun Scotland is to be ertiled several years ago in the new extended royalty of Edin-fttttth wanted, burgh; but the money allotted for it being exhaufledy the fame has 'nsi been completed, and it will require a sum to finish and which shall nestie upon (heif deaths,

kdi

Engagements ioirtc under by the board,

fulfilled.

frtamble,

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57.* 75r

fit up. the said buildings and to provide a fund for keeping it in good condition and repair: and whereas, by an act in the eighth year of his present Majestys reign y intitu, An a<5l for making Act 8 Geo. 3.

*and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Forth) at or"near the mouth of the river of in the

county of Stirling, to the frith or river of Clyde y at or near a

pface called Dalmuir Bur afoot y in the county of Dumbarton; and

dlfo a collateral cut from the same to the city of; and

tqr making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowflowness, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of; the late John duke of Bedford, and other persons therein namedy and their successors ind assigns, were united into a company and body

to make a certain navigable cut or canal between the firths or rivers.of Forth and Clyde, and a collateral cut to the city of Glasgow; to -chafe. land% raise money, andlevy tolls and duties Jor that purpofi: and

whereas the eastern branch of the said canaly from the river Forth to a plate called The (locking Field, and the collateral cut from thence to the city of Glasgow, or neighbourhood thereof, were completed federal years ago, but the funds contributed by the, or raised upon the credit of their tolls, have been entirely, and

a considerable sum of debt remains due by and the western branch of the said canal from its present termination to the river

Clyde, at or near Dalmuir Bumfoot, be executed without a constierable aid from the publick: and whereas the said if completed, must at all times, but particularly in time of, be of the greatest importance to the trade of Great Britain and Ireland* by opening an eafyt communication between the east and west seas: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord Baron* of the schief baron, and other barons of the said court of exchequer, exchequer to shall, out of the sums coming into their hands, and lodged as PaJ aforesaid, so soon as conveniently may be after paying or re- J^pjcritTg taining what is necessary for answering the several purposes al- the said repo* ready mentioned, pay, or cause to be paid, unto the trustees to fnory. and be named by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for super- towards corn-intending or overseeing the said register office, the sum of fif- ^Jrth^nd6 teen thousand pounds (lerling; and to the company of proprie- Clyde uavigar tors of the said Forth and Clyde navigation, or their cashier, the tion.

(urn of fifty thousand pounds (lerling, towards completing the said works.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said sums of From what fifteen thousand pounds (lerling, and fifty thousand pounds fjmVwith (lerling, shall be paid as aforesaid, with interest upon them, interest, shall from the term of Martinmas, in this present year one thousand be paid, seven hundred and eighty-four, and without any deduction whatsoever.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That Proprietor* of the said company of proprietors of the Forth and Clyde naviga- g^tion to AVl’ tion shall make no dividends from the revenues of the said makenodivi* canal, till the whole debts which they at present owe, or here- dendt until all gfter may contrail in carrying on and flqUhing the said under their d.ebt»

Uking, veP^a#

75»

Interest due to the proprietors to be accumulated and added to the principal) fcc.

The company to deliver into the exchequer, annually, an ab-flraei of their book*, shewing the Itate of their funds and dtbts,

See,

Proprietors of the navigation, when they begin the wertern branch of the canal, may borrow money on credit of the said 50,0000l.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57. [1784.

taking, shall be paid and discharged; and thereafter the free annual revenue or proceeds anting out of the tolls and other profits of the canal shall be regularly applied in manner after

mentioned.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the interest already due to the several proprietors of the said navigation upon the sums subscribed and paid in by them, from the respective periods when these sums were paid, shall be accumulated and added to the principal as at the term of Martinmas in this present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and the whole money so accumulated shall from thenceforwards be considered as the (lock of the company; and and so soon as the debts due by the company, shall be fully paid as before directed, the said company shall be obliged to apply the said free annual produce of the canal in making regular dividends to the said accumulated frock of the company, and to the said fifty thousand pounds, in an equal proportion, a sufficient fund being always retained for answering contingent expences and repairs; which dividends for the said fifty thousand pounds shall be paid into the said court of exchequer in Sett* land.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said company of proprietors shall deliver into the said court of exchequer once every year, an abstract from the company’s books, shewing the precise state of the company’s funds and debts, as well as the gross revenue of the canal, and deductions therefrom, for the preceding year; which abstract shall besigned by the proper officer, and by a quorum of the committee of managers for the company retident at Edinburgh or and the lord chief baron, and other barons of the said court of exchequer, shall likewise, if they find it proper, cause the books themfcSvcs, or attefred copies thereof, to be produced to them by the officer who has the custady of them, who shall make oath to the jufrice of the fame, if required; and it shall be in the power of the said court to issue every kind of process and compulfitory competent against accomptants in exchequer, and debtors to the King, for compelling the managers of the said company to deliver the said annual abstracts, and production of the books when the court shall think it necessary, and likewise to prevent the payment of dividends till the debts are exrifl-guished, and thereafter to obtain a proportionable payment of dividends for the said sum of fifty thousand pounds as aforesaid, when the lord chief baron and other barons, or any three of them, shall be infixed to receive and discharge the same.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said company of proprietors of Forth and Clyde navigation, so soon as they begin to execute the said western branch of the canal, to borrow and raise money on the credit of the said sum of fifty thousand pounds, and to assign their right to or interest in the fame, in the whole or in parr, as they may think proper,

\o such person or persons who (h^ll advance money 00 the fe-

curitY

1784.] Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57.' 753

Cority of the fame; which alignments, when intimated to the King’s remembrancer in the said court of exchequer, or his deputy, and recorded in his office, shall be held as complete and effectual transferences of the right or interest so conveyed;. and in case of repayment or extinction of she debt so con traded, the discharges and acquittances for the same shall be recorded in the same manner.

XXXII. And whereas the sums to he paid into the court of

1 exchequer by the several persons before me, consideration of the annexed estates being rejiored, may happen not to be exhausted by the several applications already specified; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the balance of money so to be paid in shall Surplus of the remain under the care of the said court of exchequer in, to be

to be lodged in one or other of the said publick banks or pub- exchequer116 lick funds, subject to the future disposition of parliament. 1,4* to be ap-

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That plied,

when any dividends shall arise from the said fifty thousand Dividend* pounds before mentioned, the same shall be applied towards from the said making and repairing the roads and bridges in the Highlands of to be

Scotland, to which publick aid has hitherto been found necessary wards repair-to be granted in the annual votes of parliament. ing the road*,

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That In the the said act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Ma- H,shland*. jesty, whereby the several estates already mentioned were an- *5 Gc£* nexed to the crown, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed 5 c*,tePeaIed-and all and every the said lands, lord ships, baronies, tithes, fal-

mon and other fishings, and other like heretages and estates whatsoever, which became forfeited to his said late Majesty by the attainder of the several persons herein-before named,

shall from henceforth be difannexed from the imperial crown of these realms, in the same manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the said act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said late Majesty had never been made5 any thing in the said act to the contrary’notwithstanding.

XXXV. Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies General (av-politick and Corporate, his, her, and their heirs, successors, ing. executors, and administrators (other than and except the King’s

most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors,) all such estates, rights, titles, intereds, claims, and demands, of, in, to, and out of the lands and premises to be granted as aforesaid, as they, every or any of them had before the passing this act, or should or might have held or enjoyed, in case this act had never been made. ‘

[Publick act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially noticed as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever.

Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 58 - 62. f 17 S4'.

CAP. LVIII.

An ail to indemnify such persons as have omitted to themselves

for offices and employments $ and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and in

cities, corporations, and borough, whose admissions have been omitted to be Clomped according to having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to

provide admissions duly stamped 5 and to give further time to fhch persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; of to pay the duties on the indentures end contrails of apprentices or

servants — Time enlarged to Dec* 25, 1784.

CAP. LIX.

An act for Intending, amending, and altering the powers of an a8? made in the eighth year of the reign of his Majesty,

tuled, An a <51 for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the firth or river of at or near the mfouth

of the river of Carron, in the county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow, and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of

CAP. IX.

An act for raising money to discharge debts contrail ed on account of the poor within the parish of Christ Church, in the county of

Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present of the said parish; and for further regulating the manner of rating to the poor, appointing overseers, and preserving all accounts relating to the offices of churchwarden and overseer of the and treasurer, of the same parish.

CAP. LXI.

An act for amending fevetal roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddmgton and Enftone, to Roliright Lane; and from Enflow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an ail, mode in thi fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, An act

for

U *784.^ Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 63 - 67# 75

for repairing and widening the road from Alford to and from thence to Coivbridge, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXIII.

bp

An act to amend and render more effectual so much of two made hen in the secondand twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty,

vr;,; for repairing, widening, and altering several roads leading

r h from Tapistock to Ply mouthy and other places in the county of t la Devon, and for, repairing and widening the road from the

tn guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Mathew-street and

fii ' Lower Brook-streety to Cherrybrook, and to Dutina Bridge m Pound, and from the Callington turnpike road to Morwellham

\h and NewSluay, in the said county, as relates to the roads

it leading from the lower market house% in Tavistock aforesaid, to

Old Town Gate, in Plymouth aforesaid, and from ManadQn: Gate, to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock.

if CAP. LXIV.

tg,

‘ j An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the third year of his present majesty King George the Thirdy for amending

' and widening several roads leading from or near the north

end of the town and borough of Totnes in the county of

I! Devon.

CAP. LXV.

An act for completing widening and keeping in repair the road from Rowd Ford, through the Devizes market place to sheppard's Shord; and from the east end of Devizes to the top of Red Hone, in the county of Wilts; and for changing and altering part of the said road.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in the leading from the meeting house in the parish lanegwad; to the

lime kilns in the parish of Llanddarog; and from Dan-yr-Allt

in the said parish of Llanegwad, to Pont-y-Berem in the parish of JUangendeirne, in the county of Carmarthen.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the shambles in the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, through Franks fort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the west end of the said bridge to the inner barrier gate next the play house in the parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said county; for lighting, watching and watering the said road; and for regulating the Bonis* and fares of carriages using the same.

---

756 Anno vicesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68 - 70. [1784.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain places called The Broad Oak, in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the county palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual provision for repairing and widening the said roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the road from a place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane, n Dawson Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said county.

CAP. LXIX.

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other roads in the said counties.

CAP. LXX.

An act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the county of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the county Palatine of Lancaster and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Askrigg, in the county of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal; and also the road from the Four Lane Ends in Marthwaite, to the turnpike road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said county of Westmorland.

END OF VOL. XXXIV.

ADVERTISEMENT.

Although it is mentioned in the Title-Page of the first Part of the Index to these Statutes, that it is continued only to the End of the Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain anno 1761, (which includes the first Year of King George III.) — And the Continuation of the Index specifies, that the same commences and is brought down from the fourth Year of King George III. to the 21st of his Reign inclusive — Yet the Reader may be assured, that there is no Chasm or Deficiency, but that all the intervening Acts of the second and third Years of this Reign are included in the said first Part of the Index, the same having been carefully collated by the Editor.

