THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

Eighth to the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efq;



the

Statutes at large.

from the

Eighth to the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq; Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY*, for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppofite St.Dunftan’. Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1764.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Adis as are extant in print, from the Eighth to the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne.

Anno % Anna.

Cap. i. O R granting an aid to her X? Majcfty, to be raifed by a land tax \r\ Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1710.

Cap. 2. To prohibit the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifcuit, and torch, and low wines, fpirits, worts, and waih drawn from . malted corn.

Cap. 3. For charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year 1710.

Cap. 4. For continuing part of the _ duties upon coals, culm, and cinders, and granting new duties upon houfes having twenty windows or . more, toraifethefumof 1,500,000/. by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year 1710.

Cap. 5. To continue the aft for recruiting her Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the fervice of- the year 1710.

Cap. 6. For employing the manufacturers, bv encouraging the con-fumption of raw lilk, and mohair yarn.

Cap. 7. For granting to her Majefty new duties of excife, and upon fe-veral imported commodities, and for etoblifliing a yearly fund thereby, and by other ways and means, to rajfe 900,000 /. by fale of annuities, and (in default thereof) by another lottery, for the fervice of the year 17*0.

Cap. 8. For clearing, preferving, and maintaining the harbour of Cat-water,'^ mg nepr Plymouth, in the

county of Devon; and for the clean-fing and keeping clean the pool, commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid.

Cap. 9. For laying certain dutiesup-on candles, and certain rates upon monies to be given with clerks and apprentices, towards raifing her Majefty’s fopply for the fervice of the year 1710.

Cap. 10. To continue the aft for pu-nilhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army ' and quarters.

Cap. u. To explain fo much of the aft for prohibiting the exportation - ' of com, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifcuit, and torch, and low wines, fpirits, worts, and walh drawn from malted com; by which aft the said . commodities are admitted to be carried from the ifle of Wight to fe-■ veral markets; and for giving liberty to export certain quantities of oatmeal, for the ufe of the Britijh hofpitals beyond the leas.

Cap., 12. For making a convenient dock or bafon at Leverpoole, for the fecurity of all thips trading to and from the said port of Leverpoole. Cap. 1 For continuing feveral im-pofitions, additional impofitions, and duties upon goods imported, to raife money by way of loan for the fervice of the year 1710. and for taking off the oven-fea duty on coals exported in Britijh bottoms ; and for better preventing frauds in drawbacks upon certificate goods ; and. for ascertaining the duties of corans imported in Venetian (hips; a	and

 LjQOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

md to give further time to foreign Cap. 21. For veiling certain lands, merchants for exportation of certain	tenements, and hereditaments, in

foreign goods imported; and to truftees, for the better fortifying limit a time for profecutions upon and fecuringtheharbours and docks certain bonds given by merchants $ sit Pottfmouth, Chatham, and Har-and for continuing certain fees of	wick.

the officers of the cuftoms 1 and to

prevent imbeziknents by fiich officers ; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majefty; and for replacing monies paid or to be paid for making good any deficiencies on the annuity ads; and for encouragement to raife naval Bores in her Majefty’s plantations * and to give further time for regiftring debentures, as is therein mentioned.

Cap. 14, For the better fecurity of rents, and to prevent frauds committed by tenants.

Cap. *5. For explaining and enlarging an ad of the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled, An act for the fecurity of her Majejly’s per-fin and government.

Cap. 16. For difcharging the attendance of noblemen, barons, and freeholders, upon the lords of judiciary in their circuits, in that part 'of Great Britain called Scotland 5 and for abolifhing the method of exhibiting criminal informations by the porteous roll.

Cap. 17. For explaining and making more effedual an ad for the better enabling the mailer, wardens, and afliftants of Trinity Houfe to rebuild the light houfe on the Edyjkne rock.

Cap. 18. To regulate the price and afftze of bread.

Cap. 1$. For the encouragement of learning, by veiling the copies of printed books in the authors or purchafers of fudh copies, during the times therein mentioned.

Cap. 20. For raifing the militia for theyear 1710, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Privdte Atts.

Anno 8 Anna.

I.	An ad to enable Peyton Altham, an ihfant, truftee, to join in ing a common recovery or levying a fine of an ellate in EJJix, as if he were of full age.

2* An ad for repairing the highways! between thehoirfe commonly called

r the Horjhoe Houfe, in the parilh of Stoke Goldington, in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton.	;

3.	An act to enable Peter Peltefdbortb, efqj and the truftees in his marriage fettlement, to fell certain lands

* and hereditaments, in the cotentied of Southampton and Suffix, for payment of hh debts, and to fettle another eftarte of greater yearly value, for the better provifion ot his family.

4.	An act for making effedual the provifionsintended byWWiamHay* ward, late of Quedfley, in the county of Gloucefier, efq; deceafed, for payment of his debts, and providing portions for his younger children.

5.	An adfor (ale offeveral tenements in Check Lane, near IVefi Smithfieli (the ellatedf fames Btydges, efq;) and for purchafing and fettling other ©dates to the lame ufes.

6.	An ad for confirming and efta-

. blifhing a partition, made between

Edward Rigby, gent, the honourable Charles EgertOn, efq; and the honourable Elizabeth his Wife, and others, of feveral manors and hereditaments in the county of EJfix, heretofore the ellate ot the right honourable Arme late countefs of

Oxford,

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Oxford^ deceafed, and to enable Margaret, Atine, and Katharine Len-nard, infants, to make partition of other lands and tenements, in the county of Hertford, apd in Lot Jon, other part of the said countefs of Oxfords eftate.

7.	An ad to veft in, and enable truftees to fell feme-outfits of the eftate, late of Sir JohnRolie, knight of the Bath, deceafed, for the payment of debts, legacies, and portions; and for fettlipg of other lands to the fame ufes.

8.	An ad for fale of feveral lands and hereditaments of Ifaac Knight, efq; in the counties of Nottingham and York, for payment of thp portion pf Hannah the wife of Thdmas Stones, efq; and the arrears of pn annuity payable to Dickenfon Knight, gent, and for fettling the overplus to the fame ufes, to which thd lands to be fold do ftand limited, and for charging other lands wit^i the said annuity.

9.	An act for veiling the eftate of Thomas Berrie, efq; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, for difpharging feveral mortgages thereupon, and other his debts, which h\s per-fonal eftate will not extend to pay, arid for laying out the furplus-mo-ney for the benefit of his widow and heir at law.

10.	An ad for veiling the feveral manors and lands therein mentioned, in the county of Oxon, late the inheritance of William Jennens, efq; deceafed, and by his marriage fettle-ment conveyed to the ufes therein exprefied, in truftees, to be fold for clearingfeveral incumbrances thereupon, precedent to the said marriage fettlement, and invefting the furplus of themoney arifing by fiich fale, in a purchafe of other lands to the like ufes, as were limited by the said marriage fettlement; and for veiling in the said truftees such eftate and mtereft as the said William

Z-ennenSy or the truftees named in is marriage fettlement, had in certain lands, heretofore called the Marjh Lands, in the parilh of St. Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlefex, fubjed to the feveral precedent incumbrances thereupon, to be fold for the purpofes therein mentioned.

Xi. An ad for the more effedual provifion for the poor in the town of Kingjlon upon Hull.

12.	An ad for repairing and amending the highways leading from Seven Oaks to Woods Gate and Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kentm

13.	An ad for fale of part of the e-ftate of Anthony lord vifeount Gor~ mention, for payment of his debts, and for fecuring a jointure, and a maintenance for Margaret vifeoun-tefs Gormanjlon, in lieu of a rent charge payable to her out of the said vifeount’s eftate.

14.	An ad to enable Henry Summers, efq; to make fale of the manor of GayneSy and other lands in Hunting-donfbire, and in lieu thereof to fetde lands in EJfex of a greater value, to the fame ufes the said Huntingdon-Jhire eftate was fettled.

15.	An ad for making more effedual the ad for the repairing the highways between Fombilly in the county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the county of Bucks.

16.	An ad to confirm articles of partition made between the earl and countefs of Wemyfs, of the one part, and Anne Robinfon, fpinftcr, of the other part, of their estates in the counties of Oxon, Northampton, and Kent; and for veiling their re-fpedive moieties in truftees to be fold.

17.	An ad to njake feveral trails in the marriage fettlements of Edward Southwell, efq; and the lady Eliza-beth bis late wife, more effedual to anfwer the intent of them, and to explain feveral powers therein.

a 2	18	An



A TABLE of th<

18.	An act to enable truftees to fell fome fenny lands in the counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, part of the eftate of Anthony Hammond, efq; and to fettle other lands in lieu thereof.

19.	An act to enable truftees to grant, renew, and fill up leafes of the e-ftate of Artlrur Tremayne, efq; (an infant) during his minority.

20* An act for the inclofing Ropley commons, in the county of Southampton ; and for the improvement of the old difparked park of Farn-bamy in the counties of Surry and Southampton.

2i.	An act to enable the truftees of the laft will and teftament of Thomas Hobbsi doftor in phyfick, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, efq; to make a jointure upon the wifepf the fakb Abraham Weeks.

: 22. An act to enable certain truftees to raife part of the portions delign-ed for the younger children of Clifton Pack, efq; deceafed, and Penelope his wife, by their marriage Settlement.

23. An act for the relief of Jofeph Cooper, gent.

24 An act for veiling the freehold and copyhold eftate late of JViUiam E-merton, efq; deceafed, in the parilh of Chevening, in the county of Kent, in truftees, to be fold for the better fupport of his widow, and advancement of his two daughters.

25.	An adt to enable the corporation of Leverpoole to make a grant to Sir Oleave Moore, bart. for liberty to bring frelh water into the said town of Leverpoole.

26.	An adt for fale of part of the e-ftate of George Scot, efq; in the county of Kent, for payment of debts.

27.	An adt to enable truftees to recover the perfonal estates of William Bigg and Ifabel Bigg, now veiled in John Biggj a lunatick, their fon and heir, and executor of his fa-

: STATUTES,

ther, for the payment of debts and legacies.

28.	An adt for veiling the eftate and effedts of John Coggs and John Dann9 goldfmiths and copartners in truftees, for the fpeedier payment of their creditors, and for determining differences thereupon.

Anno 9 Anna.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to her Majefty, to be railed by a land .tax in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1711.

Cap. 2. To oblige (hips coming from places infefted, moreeffeftually to perform their quarentine.

Cap. 3. For charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year 1711.

Cap. 4. To continue the adls for recruiting her Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the fervice of the year 1711.

Cap. c. For fecuring the freedom of parliaments, by the farther qualifying the members to lit in the houfe of commons.

Cap. 6. Forreviving, continuing,and appropriating certain duties upon feveral commodities to be exported; and certain duties upon coals to be water-born, and carried coaftwife ; and for granting further duties upon candles, for thirty two years, to raife 150,000/. byway of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and eleven; and for fuppreffing such unlawful lotteries, and such infurancc offices, as are therein mentioned.

Cap. 7. For enabling and obliging the bank of England, for the time therein mentioned, to exchange all Exchequer bills for ready money upon demand; and to difable any person to be governor, deputy go- | vernor, or direftor of the bank of 1 England, and a director of the Eaft -

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

India company, at the fame time.

Cap. 8. To repAl the a<5l of the third and fourth year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France, fo far as it relates to the prohibiting the importation of French wines.

Cap. 9. To continue the adls for pu-nifiling mutiny and.defertion, and falfe mufters, and for the better payment of the army, and quarters; and for approving of medicines for the army.

Cap. 10. For eftablifhing a general poll office for all her Majefly’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly Turn out of the revenues thereof, for the fervice of the war, and other her Majjefty’s occafions.

Cap. 11. For laying certain duties upon hides and (kins, tanned, tawed, or drefied, and upon vellum and parchment, for the term of thirty • two years, for profecuting the war,

. and other her Majefty’s mod ne-ceffary occafions.

Cap. 12. For laying a duty upon hops. Cap. 13. For taking, examining, and (rating the publick accounts of this kingdom.

Cap. 14. For the better preventing of exceffive and deceitful gaming.

Cap. ^5. For making more effectual an a6t of the forty third year of the . reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An a ft concerning the ajpze of fuel, fo far as it relates to the affize of billet.

Cap. 16. To make an attempt on the ; life of a privy counfellor, in the execution of his office, to be felony without benefit of clergy.

Cap. 17. For the prefervation of white and other pine trees growing in her Majefty's colonies of New Hamp-Jhire, tne Majfachufets Bay, and province of Main, Rhode Ifland, and Providence Plantation% the Narragan-fet country or King's Province, and Cbnnefticuti in New England, and

NewTork^znd Newjerfey i n America* forthe mailing her Majefty’s navy.

Cap. 18. To render more effectual an a<£l made in the fixth year of her present Majeily, intituled. An a ft to repeal a clause in an aft of the feventh year of the reign of his late Majeftyj for amending highways, which enjoins waggoners and others to draw with a pole between the wheel borfes, or with double Jhaftsy and to oblige them to draw only with fix borfesy or other beajls, except up hills.

Cap. 19. To enable her Majefty to grant the fite of the caftle of Exony /parcel of her dutchy of Cornwall) tor ninety nine years, for the ufc and benefit of the county of De~

von.	, -

Cap. 20. Forrendring the proceedings upon writs of Mandamus, and informations in the nature of a Quo Warranto, more fpeedy and effectual ; and for the more eafy trying and determining the rights of offices and franchifes in corporations and boroughs.

Cap. 21. For making good deficiencies, and fatisfying the publick debts; and for ereCting a corporation to carry on a trade to the South Seasy and for the encouragement of the filhery; and for liberty to trade in unwrought iron with the fubjedls of Spain; and to repeal the alls for regiftring feamen.

Cap. 22. For granting to her Majefty fevcral duties upon coals, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London 2nd Wejlminjlery and fuburbs thereof, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 23. For licenfingand regulating hackney coaches and chairs; and for charging certain new duties on’ (lamp'd vellum, parchment and paper, and on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock fait for Ireland; and for fecuring thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the poft office, and by (everal du-a 3	ties

A TABLE of the

ties on hides and fkins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the fatisfaftion of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any fumnot exceeding two millions, to beraifed for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions.

Cap. 24. r or relief of the creditors <and proprietors of the company of mine adventurers, by eftablifliing a method for fettling the differences -between the company and their creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effcftual working the mines of the said company.

Cap. 25. For making the aft of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, for the better prefervation of the game, perpetual, and for making the fame more effectual.

Cap. 26. For the better prefervation and improvement of the fifhery within the river of Thames, and for regulating and governing the company of nfhermen of the said river.

Cap. 27. For the encouragement of the trade to America.

Cap. 28. To dHTolve the prefent, and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, mafters of (hips, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the navigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom, and for the further encouragement of the coal trade.

Cap. 29. For rsrifing themilitia for the year one thousand feven hundred and eleven, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 30. For reviving and continuing an act made in the firft year of her Maiefty’s reign, for the more effet-* mar preventing abufes and frauds of ; persons employed in the workingup the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, and iron-manufactures of this king-■ dom.	,	-

STATUTES.-

Private Alls.

Akno 9 Amuc,

1.	An aftfor the fide oflands and tenements, late of Sir Phrftp Moneuxy baronet, deceafed, m Broome, and pariftv of' SouthHl in the county of Bedford according to his will.

2.	An act for rectifying a miftake, and enlarging the time for a com-pofition given by an aft of parliament patted in the feventh year of her Majefty’s reign, bitiruled, An act to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, to compound wtth William Mallet, efq\ for the debt of his father , for whom he was furety, while receiver general for the county of So-merfet and city of Briftol.

3.	An act for fale of the barton and farm of Pollejloe in the county of Devon, late the eftate of Sebaftian Ifaac, efq; deceafed, for difcharging incumbrances thereupon, and for diftribution of the furplus-money.

4.	An act for ratifying feveral pur-chafes lately made with the pub-lick flock of the county of Devonf and fbrmaking further purchases for the ufe of the said county, with the publick flock thereof j and alio for regulating the better employment orthe publick (lock of the (aid county-

5.	An act to veft the manor, or reputed manor of JVadborough^ alias Wadberrowy m the county of Wor-ceJtery UnA other lands there, which came to the right honourable Other earl of Plymouth, by his mother, in

. truftees, to be fold for raifing more money to pay off debts charged upon his paternal eftate, and for other purpofes. '

6.	An act for fale of the manor of Reaverjby> and other lands in the county of Lincoln, the eftate of Henry Bowes earl of Berfybire, and to fettle Other lands in the county of Stafford, to the fame ufcs*

7.	An



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

y. An a& for repairing and amending the highways leading from in the county of Hertford, to Wan-desferd	Bridge, in the county of

otingdon.

t. An ad for repairing the highways from Sheet Bridget in the parifh of Pttersfield,to the town of mouth, in the county of Southampton.

9.	An ad for repairing the highways

-	between Dunflable and Hotkky in the

' county of Bedford.

■Jo. An ad for fettling the estates of

' the right noble Evelyn lord marquis of	Dorebe/ter, and	-

penty e% commonly called lord Kingfton, fon and heir apparent of the said lord marquis; and also for fettling the eftate late of John Hall, efq; on the marriage of the said WiUiam Pierrepont, efq;

11.	An ad to enable Arthur earl of

Anglefey, and Henry Hyde, efq; com-

-	monly called Henry vifcount Hyde, to take in England the oath of office

-	as vice treafurer, and receiver general, and paymaAer general of her Maiefty’s revenues in her kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themiclvcs in England for the legal enjoyment of the said office.

12.	An act to enable the earl of Thi-mond to make leafes for three lives, with covenants for renewal thereof for ever, and grants in fee farm, of the lands and hereditaments in Ire-landj comprifed in his marriage fettlement.

13.	An act for veftin^in Henry Arun~ del, efq; and his heirs, the truft in the eftate of the lord vifcount MoH-tagUy which is vefted in her Maje-fty by the attainder of John Carylly efq; for high treafon.

■ 14. An act for difcharging John lord bifhop of Ropbo in die kingdom of Irelandy from all penalties, and incapacities, incurred by him in omitting to take the oath of abjuration on or before the firft day of Augufiy one thousand feven hundred and

three, and for making aHeceleftaf-tical and civil afts done by him, as bifhop of Ratboy after such omif-fion, to be or the fame validity as they would have been if he had taken the said oath in due time.

*5. An act for eftablifhing a purchafe of certain fee farms, lands, and hereditaments, in the kingdom of Irelandy made by Sir Alexander Cair-neSy baronet, of his grace James duke of Ormondy in purfuance of a power given him by an aft of parliament patted in this kingdom in the twelfth year of his late Majefty’s reign, notwithstanding an aft palled in Ireland in the ninth year of the reign of her present Maiefty, or a deni dated the five and twentieth of Aprily one thousand feven hundred and ten, therein mentioned.

16.	An act for confirming to the principal and fcholars of Kings Hall and oollege of Brazen Nofe in the univerfity of Oxford, the purchafe of the advowfons of Stepney and other churches, and for fettling the hunt to the benefit of the said college.

17.	An act for confirming a leafe for one and twenty years, made by Jeffery Palmery «(q; and others, of lands in Carlton Car lieu inthecoun-

3f of Leueftery for payment of the ebts of the laid Jeffery Palmer.

18.	An act for faleof such part of the eftate of Nathaniel MatheWy late of Peterjham in the county of Surreyy gent, deceafed, as will l>e fufficient to discharge his debts and legacies thereon charged by his laft will and teftament; and for fettling the remainder thereof to the ules in the said will mentioned.

19.	An act for fale of feveral lands and hereditaments of IVilliam Hen-deny efq; in the county of Kent, for payment of bis debts, and for fettling other lands in the fame county, of a better value, to the . fame ufes, in liou thereof. 1

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

20. An act for fale of the eftate of Humphry Pooler, in the parilh of Hartlebury, in the county of Wor-eefier.

21.	An act for the fale of part of the eftate of Sir Richard Allin, alias An* guijhy baronet in the counties of Suffolk and Norfolk> for payment of his debts, and fettling the remainder according to his marriage articles.

22.	An act to enable truftees to perform the marriage articles of Sir Richard Grofvenory baronet, and dame Jane his wife, notwithftand-ing the lunacy of dame Mary Grofr vmory and the infancy of her younger children; and for fettling the eftate in the family, and making building leafes, as effeftually as if the said dame Mary was of found mind, and her children of full age, and all had joined in levying fines.

23.	An act for veiling feveral meflii-ages or tenements in Bride Laney and elfewhere, in the parifh of St-Bridgety alias St. Bride Sy Londouyof John Poyntery efq; in truftees, to be fold in lieu and (atisfaftionof other manors, mefluagqs, lands, and tenements of a greater value, fettled by the said John Poynter to such ufes, and upon such trufts, as the said houfes in London are fettled.

24.. An act to enable John Hardresy efq; and Anne his wire, to fell certain lands in the county of Kenty and forjettling of others to the ufes therein mentioned.

25. An act for veiling of certain lands in the pgrilh of Woodchurch in the county of Ketity formerly purchafed by Winifred Bridgery and Laurence Bridger, in certain truftees, to be fold for the raifmg money for the purpofcs therein mentioned.

- 26, An act for the fale of the manor of Great Beating.r, and feveral farms, lands, and hereditaments, late the dilate of Henry Woody alias Webby cfq$ deceafed, in Great Beatings

and feveral other places intheotran*

ty of Suffolky for difcharging a mortgage thereon, and for payment of other debts of the (aid Henry Woody alias Webby and for applying the overplus-money (if any) arifingby such fale, for the benefit of Henry Woody alias Webb (an infant) his fon and heir.

27. An act for veiling a certain piece : of ground being part of a field called Stonebridge Field, adjoining to Piccadilly in the county of Middle . fexy in truftees, to dtfpofe of the fame, to discharge a debt to the crown, and to other ufes.

28r An act to veil the eftate of Sir Henry Robinfony knt. a lunatick, lying in Cranfleyy in the county of Northamptony in truftees, to enable them to make a fettlement on the ' marriage of John Robinfony efq; only, fon and heir apparent of the laid Sir Henryy and for other purppfes therein mentioned.

29.	An act to enable truftees to make, renew, and fill up leafes of the e-ftate of William Burgoyney late of the city of Exony merchant, de-ceafed, during the minority of his fon and daughters. ,

30.	An act fordiflolving the marriage of Stephen Jermin9 the only fon pf Stephen Jefminy of Londony merchant, with Sarah Belly and to enable him to marry again.

31.	An act for confirming the fale of the eftate of John Wejlofiy efq; in the County of Surrey and dif^hargir^g it from tfye demands of the crown.

32.	An act for the fale of the estates late of William Hubbaldy and of his father EdwardHubbaldy in the county of Surreyy for the fatisfaftion of the said William Hubbald's debt fo the crown, apd to preferve the fur-plus thereof for the purpofcs therein mentioned.

33.	An act to explain and make more effeftual a clause relating to the e-ftjtfe of dame Rebem Lyttgriy, de-

ceafed.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

•• coded; inanaftof parliament made in the feventh year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for payment of the debts of Sir John Bolles, ba-. ronet, a lunatic k.

34.	An act for veiling the manor of Buckjleep, and feveral lands in Suffix, the eftate of Jofepb Weller, efq; in truftees, to be fold for difcharg-

. ing the incumbrances thereon, and applying the furplus-money tocer-• tain ufes and trulls therein men* tinned.

35.	An act for the relief of Abraham Roth of the kingdom of Ireland,

. efq; in relation to the purchafe of part of the forfeited estates in Ire-r land.

3$. An act to enable Robert Jones of Funmun Caftle in the county of Gla-morgan,cf<\-, to make leafes for three lives, or for ninety nine years de-terminable on three lives, of the pianprs, lands, and hereditaments in the county o^Glamorgan, limited to himfelf for life by his marriage fettlement; and for fettling other lands to the ufes of that fettlement in lieu 4md recompence of such power.

37.	An act for the (ale of certain . lands and tithes in the parifh of

Tonge in the county of Leieejler, late fhe eftate of William Muggeljlone deceafed, and f°r the diftribution of the money thereby arifing, pur* £uant to a fettlement made of the said lands and tithes by the said . William Muggeljlone.

38.	An act for enabling Charles lord vUcount Cullen, to fell the manor and advowfon of the church of El-mejlborpe, in the county of Leieejler, for the payment of his debts.

39.	An act tor fale of part of the e-ftate of Tbeopbilus Biddulpb, efq; for payment of hU debts.

4a An act to enable truftees to make building leafes of part of the eftate {ate of John Lovett deceafed, lying pa th$ city of Dublin.

41.	An act for fale of timber upon the eftate of Thomas Skeffington, efq; an infant, for payment of his father’s debts.

42.	An act for confirming an agreement made between Philip Salt-marjh and Thomas Bennett, efqrs. for a partition, divifion, and exchange of feveral estates in the counties of Nottingham and Dor fit, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

43.	An act for fale of part of the e-ftate of Richard Brideoake, efq; in the county of Oxon, and charging other part thereof with two annuities, for payment and fatisfaftion of feveral incumbrances affefting his whole eftate; and for confirming an agreement made between the said Richard Brideoake and others claiming common in Hook Norton Warren and Hook Norton Lays, in the fame county.

44.	An act for the fale of the manor of Frognal, and other lands and hereditaments in the county of Kent, the eftate of George Clerk, efq; for payment of debts, and fettling an eftate in the county of Leieejler, and city of London, to the fame ufes as the eftate in Kent was fettled.

Amo 10 Anna.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to her Majefty, to be raifed by a land tax in Great Britain, for the fervlce of the year 1712.

Cap. 2. For preferving the proteftant religion, by better fecuring the church of England as by law efla-blilhed; and tor confirming the toleration granted to proteftant dif-fenters by an aft, intituled. An alt for exempting their Majejlfs prote-Jlant fubiefts, dijfenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws, and for Applying tne defefts thereof; and for the further fecuring the proteftant fuc-

ccflion.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ceflion, by requiring the prafticers , ' of the law in North Britain to take the oaths, and fobfcribethe declaration therein mentioned.

Cap. 3. For charging and continuing' the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year 1712, and for applying part of die coinage dudes, to pay the deficien-' cy of the value of plate coined, and to payfor the recoining the old money in Scotland.

Cap. 4. For fettling'the precedence of die moft excellent princefs Sophia,

■ eJeftrefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, of the eleftor her (bn, and of the electoral prince tbeduke of Cambridge.

Cap. 5. To repeal the aft of the ieventh year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aR for rtign	proteflants, (except	what re-

lates to the children of her Maje-jetty's natural-bom fubjefts, bom out of her Majefty's allegiance.) Cap. 6. For explaining and altering the laws now in being concerning the aflizes of fuel, fo far as they relate to the afiize of billet made or to be made of beech wood only. Cap. 7. To prevent the difturbing thofe of the epifeopd communion - in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in die exerciie of their re-. ligious worihip, and in the ufe of the liturgy of the church of England; and for repealing the aft paf-fed in the parliament of Scotland, intituled. AnaR irregular baptifm and marriages.

Cap. 8- To continue the aft of the lad fef&on of parliament, for taking, examining and dating the pub-licit accounts of the kingdom, for one year longer.

.Cap. 0. For recruiting her Majefty's land forces and marines, for the fcrvice of the year 1713.

Cap. 10. For puniihing mutiny and dofertion, and falfe mutters, and

for the better payfeertfof die army and quarters.

Cap. 11. For enlarging the time given * to the commiflioners appointed by . her Majefty, purfumt to an aft for granting to her Majefty feveral dunes on coals, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Wejhmnjler, and fuburbs thereof, and other purpofes therein mentioned; and allb for giving die (aid commKConers farmer powers for. better effeftingthe lame ; and for appointing monies for rebuilding the parilh church of St. Mary	Woobsotbin die city of London.

Cap. 12. To reftore the patrons to their ancient rights of presenting minifters to churches vacant in that of Great Britain called Stot-

Cap. 13. For repealing part of an aft patted in the parliament of Scotland, intituled, AR for difcbargtng tbt Title vacance.

Cap. ix. For reviving and continuing feveral afts therein mentioned, for preventing the mifctiiefs which . may happen by fire; for building ana repairing county gaols; for exempting apothecaries from (erv-ing pari fli and ward offices, and ferving upon juries; and relating to the returning of jurors.

Cap. 15. For repealing a clause in the statute made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act for the further description of a bankrupt, and relief of creditors against such as shall become bankrupts, and for inflicting corporal punishment upon the bankrupts, in some special cases, which make descriptions of bankrupts; and for the explanation of the laws relating to bankruptcy, in case of partnership.

Cap. 16. For regulating, improving, and encouraging the woollen manufacture

A TABLE of Ac STATUTES.

mtfadtne of mixed or medty tabad doth, and for the better payment of the poor employed therein.

Cap. 17. For the better coltoffing and recovering the duties granted ' for the fopport of the royal bofpi-tal at Greenwich, and for the farther benefit thereof; and for the prdServiiig her Majefty’s harbour moorings.

Cap. r& To give farther timefor in-rolling such leafes granted from the crown, as have not been inroiled within the refoeffive times therein limited; and for making the pleading of deeds of bargain and fale inrolled, and of fee-form rents, more cafy.

Cap. 10. For laying feveral duties upon aft foapand paper madein Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and ftriped linens imported; and upon certain filks, callicoes, linens and fluffs printed, painted, or ftained; and upon feveral kinds of Damped vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pam-pnlets and advertifements; for rai-fing the fum of 1,800,600 /. by way of lottery towards her Msqefty's fapply; and for licenfing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better fe-curing her Majefty’s duties to arife in the office for the (lamp duties by licenfes for marriages and other-wife ; and for relief of persons who have not claimed their lotteiy tickets in due time, or have loft Exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock {part of the capital of the Snath Sea company) for the ufe of the publick.

Cap. 26. For the relief of insolvent debtors, by obliging their creditors to accept ttxeutmoft fatisfa&ion they are capable to make, and reftoring . them their liberty. J Cap. 21. To prevent abufes in mak-

ing finer* doth, and regulating the lengths, breadths, and equal farting of yam, for each piece made in Sictlandy and for whitening Ac fame.

Cap. 22. Foe the relief of merchants . importing prwe goods from America.

Cap. 2j. For the more effectual preventing fraudulent conveyances, in order to multiply votes foretoffing knights of (hires to ferve in parliament.

Cap. 24. For prolonging the term for payment of certain duties granted by an ad made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of his late Msqefty King William, intituled. An act for * recovering^ fecuring, and keeping in repair the harbour of Minehead,^r the benefit and fupport of the navigation and trade of this kingdom.

Cap. 25. For railing the militia for theyear 1712. although themonth’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid ; and for redifying a miftake m an ad palled this feffion of parliament, intituled, Ano&forpunijb-ing mutiny and defertion, and falfe mufiers, and for the better payment of the army and quarters; and for taking accounts of trophy money formerly railed and coJleded.

Cap. 20. For laying additional duties on hides and (kins, vellum and

Sarchment, and new duties on arch, coffee, tea, drugs, gilt and filver wire, and policiesofinfurance, to fecure a yearly fund for fatisfoc-tion of orders to the contributors of a further fum of 1,800,000/. towards her Majefty’s fupply; and for the better fecuring the duties on candles; and for obviating doubts concerningcertainpayments in£«/-land\ and for fupprefliog unlawful lotteries, and other devices of the fame kind; and concerning cake foap ; and for relief of Mary Rave-nail, in relation to an annuity of 18L per annum-, and concerning prize cocoa nuts brought from America 



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

rices \ arid certain tickets which were intended to be fubfcribed into the flock of the South Sea company $ and for appropriating the monies granted in this feflion of parliament. Cip.27. For making effedual such agreement as shall be made between the royal African company of England and their creditors.	k

Cap. 28. For continuing the tradeand corporation capacity of the united Eaft India company, although their fund (hould be redeemed.

Cap. 29. For better* ascertaining and fecuring the payments to be made to her Majefty for goods and merchandizes to be imported from the Eaft Indies, and other places, within the limits of the charter granted to the Eaft India company.

Cap. 30. for continuing the trade to the South Seas, granted by an ad*of the laft feflion of parliament, although the capital flock of the said corporation (hould be redeemed. Cap. 31. For the appointing com-irrmioners to take, examine, and determine the debts due to the army, tranfport fcrvice, and fick and wounded. .

Cap: 32. For enlarging the time for the minifters, advocates, and other members of the college of justice in Scotland, to take the oaths there- ' in mentioned.

Cap. 33. For appointing the circuit courts in that part of Great Britain , called Scotland to be kept only once in the year.

Cap. 34. For explaining feveral claufes in an ad paflhd the laft feflions of parliament for the relief of the fuf-ferers of the ifland of Nevis and St. Chrijlopher, by reason of the invafion of the French there in the year 1705.

Private Ails.

Anno 10 Anna.

1.	An act to make a caufey over the Denes from Great Yarmouth to Cai-Jler, in the county of Norfolk.

2.	Ari ad to enable John lord Gower,

. baron of Stittenham, an infant, to

make a fettlement upon his marriage.

3.	An adt for enlarging the term for payment of certain duties granted in and by an ad of parliament paf-fed in the feventh year of her Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled, An ail for preserving and enlarging the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland.

4.	An ad to enable truftees, during the minaHty of JVriothefey duke of Bedford, and of the lord John Ruffe! his brother, to grant leafes of the eftate of the said duke, and fetts for getting copper and other ore and minerals therein, and for rendring valid and effectual feveral such grants, or fetts already made.

5.	An ad for making the exemplification of the fettlement made upon the marriage of James lord Annejly with the lady Elizabeth Manors, under the great feal of Great Britain, evidence on hearings in equity and trials at law.

6.	An ad for ereding a workhoufein the city and county of the city of Norwich, for the better employment and maintaining of the poor there.

7.	An ad for repairing the highway between a certain place called Kil-burn Bridge^in the county of Middle-fexi and Sparrows Herne, in the county of Hertford.

8.	An ad for making the river Avon in the counties of Somerfet and Gloucefler, navigable from the city of Bath to or near Hnnhams Mills.

9.	An ad for the better repairing and amending theroad leading from Ipfwich to Cleydon, and the road called the Pye Road in the county of Suffolk.

10.	An id for the better Supplying the town of Bofton, in the county of Lincoln, with frelh water.

11.	An ad for compleating a chapel of eafe in the lower town of Deal9

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the county of Kent, by a duty on water-born coals to be brought into the said town.

12.	An a dt for confirming and ren-dring more effedtual certain letters patent of King James the Firft, for annexing a canonry, and feveral redtories, to the Regius profeffor of

*	divinity in the univerfity of Oxford; and for the Regius profeffor, and lady Margaret's reader of divinity in the univerfity of Cambridge.

13.	An act for enabling James Griffin* efq; and Edward Griffin, fon and heir apparent of the said James Griffin, to raife money to pay,the debts of the said James, and to make a fettlement for the benefit of them-felves and their family.

14.	An adt to enable the honourable Algernoon Grevil, efq; to make a fettlement of his eftate in the feveral counties of York and Warwick,

urfuant to agreements made by im on his marriage with the honourable Mary Somerfet, his qow wife.

15.	An a61 for fale of the manor of Hempjied\ and other lands therein

; mentioned, lying in the counties of Kent and Suffix, the eftate of Sir Robert Guldeford, baronet, for the payment of debts, and for fettling the Camber farm, and other lands in the Paid county of Suffix, to the fame ufes as the said manor of Hempfted now ftands fettled.

j6. An adt for afcertaining and efta-blilhing the glebe land, tithes, and other profits of the redtory of Go-tburjl in the county of Bucks.

17.	An adt for fale of the manor of Dalham, and other manors and hereditaments in the county of Suf-

*	folk, and elfewhere, late the eftate of Simon Patrick, clerk, deceafed, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned.

18.	An adt for fale of the manor of Agerdefley^ alias Agerfley^ and March-ington2 and feveral lands and here-

ditaments in the county of Stafford\ for payment of mortgage monies charged thereon, and other the debts of the honourable Charles Egerton, efq;

19.	An adt to enable truftees to cut and fell timber on the eftate late of Anthony Henley, efq; deceafed ; and for applying the money thereby arifing, towards payment of his younger childrens portions, provided by his marriage fettlement ; and also for transferring certain e-ftates by the fame fettlement, now vefted in Richard Norton, efq; to other truftees on the fame trulls.

.20. An adt for making a perpetual augmentation to the vicarage of Dulde, in the county of Cornwall, out of the tithes and profits of the redtory of Duloe.

21.	An adt for fale of part of the e-ftate late of Edward Killy efq; deceafed, in Orton and Rowelly in the county of Northamptony for the difeharging feveral incumbrances thereupon, and the performance of the laft will of the said Edward Hilly for the fettling other lands and tenements, in Rowell aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes.

22.	An adt for enabling Edward South-welly efq; to grant certain houfes ^nd lands in the county of Glou-cejlery to Jojbua Franklyn of Brifloly merchant, for a term of years; in order to the better improvenlent thereof, and of other adjacent lands of the said Edward Southwell.

23.	An adt to enable Owen Thomas Bromfally gent, to fell divers lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the county of Bedfordy for the jmr-pofes therein mentioned.

24.	An adt for veiling the eflfate, late of Bartholomew Vanhomrighy efq;'de-ceafed, lying in the kingdom of Irclandy in truftees, to be fold.

25.	An adt for felling certain lands, part of the manor of Wrightfield alias Whttefieliy and other lands in

• tho



A TABLE of the STATUTES;

the county of Chuee/ler, for the payment of Ac debts heretofore of Mary Fermor, -widow,deceafed, tod of John Moore* ton. of KirUngton, in the county ot Nottingham^ efq;

‘ tod Margaret his wife.

26.	An act to enable William We ferny efq;'an infant, to make a fetde-ment of his eftate upon his marriage, tiotwithftandinz his infancy.

27.	An act for fale of me manors of

' North Court and Boynton* in the

"parifh of Swingfdd in the county of Kent, part of the eftate of Richard J Gomeldon, efq; for difcharging incumbrances.

28.	An a ft for confirming to Agmon-iijbam Vefey, efq; and his children, the benefit intended by an aft paf-fed in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, for their relief, and for discharging him and them of the rents

’ and profits of their eftate incurred before the patting of the said aft.

29.	An act to explain an aft.madein the feventh year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An ait to empower the . lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or commiffumers of the treafury, to

4 compound with the furetiesof Samuel Pacey, deuafedy late receiver general for the county of Suffolk, To far as it relates to Jofeph Pajkey one of the Taid fure ties.

30.	An act to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treaTury of Great Britain for the time being, to coo^pound with the executor of Michael Withy eCqjlate receiver general of the plantation, duties in the port of London, as the lord high treafurer, orcommifilon-ers of the treafuiy of England were, by a former aft of parliament enabled to do with the said Michael Wicks himfelf.

31.	An act to make free the Content galley, a running (hip, taken from the French*and condemned as prize.

32.	Aa aft for making the ihip Sue-cefiyTL Free (hip.

33.	An aftrfbr repairing the highway between Highgate gatehoufe, inthe county of AAiddlejex* and Barnet blocknoufe, in the county of Hertford.

34.	An act for enlarging,amen<Rng,and maintaining theroad betwixt North-fleet* Gravefend* and Rotbefter* in the county of Kent.

35.	An act for uniting the pari(h churches of Thomdon and Ingrave, in the county of EJfex.

36.	An act to veft feveral lands and tenements in the county of War-wicky the eftate of Thomas VtneTylate Ethrop in the said county, deceafed, efq; in truftees, and to enable them to feH part thereof, for difeharging feveral debts and incumbrancer thereon, and to raife a present pro-vifion for his fon and heir, an infant, and the reft of his children.

37.	An act to impower the paymafter of the million lottery tickets, to pay

' to Sir WilBam Hodges* baft, the money due upon fourteen tickets in the said lottery.

38.	An act for the relief of George Mathew, efq; against a clause in an aft of pailiament palled in Irelandy Whereby feveral fines and recoveries, and a fettlement of his late wife’s eftate are fetafide.

39.	An act for fale of the eftate of William Pierfony efq; deceafed, for payment of an incumbrance thereupon, and a debt due from the said William Pierian to her Majefty, as he was colleftor of the cuftoms at Plymouth.

40.	An act for vetting feveral lands in Battlefdony in the county of Bedford* in John Hillerfdony efq; and his heirs, difehar^ed of feveral ufes and estates to which they are now limited, and for fettling other lands, of greater value, in the fame county, to the fame ufes.

41.	An act to enable James duke 6f Ormondy and Charles earl of Arran* of the kingdom of Irelandy his brother,

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

to convey to her Majefty the regalities, franchifes, liberties, and jurifdiftions in the county of Tipperary, in the kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguilfied in the crown, and to enable her Majefty to grant an equivalent for . the fame.

42.	An act for enlarging the time for . fale of part of the eftate of the right honourable Richard lord Belew, of the kingdom of Ireland, vefted in truftees by an adfc of parliament lately palled in the said kingdom.

43.	An act for the relief of Sir William Douglas, lieutenant general of her Majefty’s forces.

44.	An act for veiling the inheritance of the manor of Court at Week, and divers other lands, tenements and hereditaments in the county of Kent, in truftees, to be fold for payment of the debts and legacies of Sir Robert Auften, baronet, d ceafed.

45.	An act for confirming a partition made between William Pynfent, efq; and Mary his, wife, John Trevillian, efq; and Elizabeth his wife, and the truftees of feveral manors and lands in the county of Somerfet.

46.	An act for fale of fome part of the real eftate of BaptifiMay^lq; deceaf-ed, for paymentof his debts, and for

other purpofes therein mentioned.

47.	An act for fale of the eftate of Francis Moore, efq; in the county of Wilts, for difeharging an incumbrance thereon, and providing a portion for his only daughter; ana for other purpofes therein mentioned.

48.	An act for veiling feveral lands in Netherex, Rew, Suverton and Thor-verton, in the county of Devon, in truftees, to be fold for the purpofes therein mentioned.

49.	An act for veiling in truftees the real eftate of Barbara, foie daughter and heir of John Goring, late of the the city of Litchfield, efq; and now the wife of Mr. Walter Chetwynd* for the performance of articles on her marriage, notwithstanding her minority.

50.	An act for confirming a leafe made by Jeffery Palmer and Robert Palmer) efquires, for a further provi-fion for pavment of the debts of the said Jeffery Palmer.

51.	An act to enable the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or com-miflioners of the treafury for the time being, to compound with George Dixon, doftor in divinity, as he was furety for his father, while receiver general for the county of Somerfet, and city of BrifioL

/

The End of /STABLE.


THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.



Anno	Regnt ANNAS	Regina

AT the parliament fummoned to be holden at Weft-minfter the eighth day of July, Anno Dom.

1708.	in the	feventh year of the reign of our fovereign

lady Anne, by the grace of God, of Great Britain,

France, and Ireland, Queen, defender of the ,

&c. and by federal writs of prorogation begun and holden on the fixteentb day of November, 1708. being the firjl fejjton of this present parliament j and from thence continued by federal prorogations to the fifteenth day of November, one thousand feven bun~ dred and nine, » being the second feffion of this - a h ^ ^ Cent parliament.	h

Andbyleveral

adjournments continued till the fifth day of April, in the ninth year of her Majeity 'a

reign*

CAP* I.

An all for granting an aid to her Majefty, to be raifed by a land tax in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and ten.	4 s. in the pound.

CXIII. AND whereas in and by an alt of parliament made and 7 Ann- c# JljL pajfed in the feventh year of her Majeftfs reign (a- f. 9, numgft other things therein contained) it is provided and enabled,

That it Jhotlld and might be lawful to and for the governor and company of the bank of England [in cafe their general court should fa think fit) to contrail ana agree at any time before the loft day of December, one thousand feven hundred and nine, with the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, to circulate (over and above the bills undertaken to be circulated by another alt of the fame feflion therein 7 Ann* c*7* mentioned) such further bills not exceeding ftx hundred and twelve thousand feven hundred thirty nine pounds, as fbouldbe made forth at her Majefty s Exchequer for her Majefty s fupply; and whereas by indenture bearing date the eight and twentieth day of September* cne thousand feven hundred and nine, made between the mojl honourable Sidney carl of Godolphin, then and new lord high treafurer Vol. XII.	B	if.





2

Anno oftavo Ann.®. c. 2;	[ 1709.

of Great Britain, of the one part, and the said governor and company of the bank of England, of the other part, reciting, That the Jaid governor ana company of the bank of England in a general court by them holden, did agree to circulate in Exchequer bills, the fum of four hundred thousand pounds, part of the said fum not exceeding fix hundred and twelve thousand feven hundred thirty nine pounds, it was made known and declared, that in purfuance of the said recited aft of parliament in that behalf they the Jaid governor and company of the bank of England had contrafted and agreed, and did by the Jaid indenture contraft and agree with the said Sidney earl of Go-dolphin, lord high treafurer of Great Britain, to circulate fetch further and other bills, for any Jum not exceeding the said fum of four hundred thousand pounds, as should be made forth at her Majefiy's Exchequer for her Majefiy's fupply, as aforejaid: now to the intent that the said bills which have been made or iffued, or lhall be made and iffqed, as aforesaid, not exceeding the said fum of four hundred thousand pounds, may have and bear the like credit, intereft, allowances, currency, privileges, and advantages, in all refpedls, as the bills formerly iffued in purfuance of the said other adt of parliament herein before-mentioned, whereby the general fund for circulating and difeharg-ing Exchequer bills was fettled and eftabliftied $ be it enacted.

The Exchequer bills for 4.00,0001. and the quarterly bills to be HTued, shall bear 2 d. per cent, per diem intereft, and \ I. per centum per annum, &c. Powers of the former adl to be in force. Deficiency to be made good by parliament. Monies called in, to be added to the capital flock. All privileges, &c. to extend to the capital (lock, lo enlarged, EXP.

CAP. II.

An act to prohibit the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour9 bread, lifeuit, and fiarcb, and low wines, fpirits, wortsy and wafi> drawn from malted com.

WHEREAS the price of com at this time within the kingdom of Great Britain, is become very great, and (in feme parts thereof J excejjive, which tends to the impoverijhment of many of her Majefiy's good fubjefts, cfpecialiy of poor manufafturers, and others of a meaner condition, and by reason that corn in feveral other parts of Europe is fcarcer and dearer than in Great Britain, it is likely that feveral perfens, for their private advantage or lucre, will not only export or carry great quantities of corn from this kingdom, but likewife diftill exceffive quantities of low wines and fpirits from malt, corn, or grain, in order to export the fame to foreign parts, whereby the price of corn will be further inhanfed, to the detriment of her Majefiy's good fubjefts, and the defiruftion of many of them, if a timely remedy in this behalf be not provided ; be it therefore enabled, &c.

No corn, low wines, &c. to be exported before 19 Sept. 1710. Mailer and mariners offending to be imprifoned for three months. Officers of the cuftotns may feize all iuch corn* &c, Provilb for corn, &c, to be exported



*709.]	Anno oftavo ANNA. C. 3* 4.	$

td for (hip’s ufe : or for the fa&ories in Africa, or colonies in America s or for the Britifli fiftiery in thofe parts. Exporter to declare the colony,

&c. for which the corn, &c. is bound, and give fecurity. Malt or barley may be tranfported from Southampton tor Jerfey or Guerrtfey, not exceeding 5000 quarters. Corn, See. may be carried coaftwife, &c. Her Majefty by proclamation may permit the exportation of corn, &c. before 19 Sept. 1710.

Commitfioners of cultoms to give account to next feilion of parliament of all com. See. exported. EXP.'

CAP. III.

An a ft for charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, E X P« and perry, for the fervice of the year one thouland feven hundred and ten.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing fart of the duties upon coals, culm^ and cynderSy and granting new duties upon houfes having twenty windows or more, to raife the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and ten.

MAY it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty* we youf Ma-jefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje<5ts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous, by the moft eafy and effectual ways and means, to raife such fupplies as are neceflary for the profecution of the present war, and for enabling your Majefty, at the end thereof, to eftablifti a good and lading peace, have for that end and purpofe given and granted, and do by this present aeft give and grant unto your Maiefty, the feveral and refpedtive rates, duties, impofitions and fums of money, as well for and upon such coals, culm, and cynders, as for and upon such houfes as are herein after mentioned * and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enabled : and be it enaefted by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord9 spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That for Por ^ feuri, and during the term of thirty two year9, commencing from the from3 *9 Sept* twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one 17*0- the ad* thousand feven hundred and ten, and no longer, there shall be^ltlon^ ratc* raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the ufe of her paidTbr aU° Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all coals, culm,coais> &c. and cynders, herein after exprefled, (except charcoals made of viz. (made wood; the fevferal and refpeeftive additional or new impofitions,pcrp*t**tty rates, duties, and fums of money herein after mentioned, (over *	^	V	c*

and above all such duties as are already granted or payable forpor all coals or in refpetft of the fame, or any of them, by any law or statute imported into now in force) that is to fay. For all coals which at any timeGreat Britain, or times, within or during the said term, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain from any part beyond fea, (in cafe they are such coals as are moft ufually fold bv weight) the fum of three (hillings of lawful money of Greatperttfif. Britain for every tun, reckoning the tun to confift of twenty

B a	hundred

 '

and 4. s. 6 d. per chalder.

For coalf wa-terborn, 3 s. per chalder.

and 2 s. per tun.

For culm waterborn, 7 d. Two tenths per chalder.

For cyndera waterborn, 3 per chalder.

Anno oftavo Ann^. c. 4.	[ 1709*

hundred weight, and every hundred to confift of one hundred and twelve pounds weight of averdupoi%e, and after that rate for any greater or leiTer quantity \ and for all coals fo impbrted from any part beyond fea, being mod ufually fold by the chalder, or by any other meafure whatfoever reducible to the chalder, the nun of four (hillings and fix pence of like money for every chalder, reckoning the chalder to confift of fix and thirty bufhd* Winchejier meafure, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity of such coals fo imported or brought in from any foreign parts, the said duties for foreign coals imported or brought in, as aforesaid, to be paid by the refpedtive importer or in>-porters thereof; and for all forts of coals, from time to time, (hipped or waterborn in order to be (hipped or laid on board any (hip or veflel to be carried by fea, and which shall be carried by fea in any (hip or veflel from any port or place within the said kingdom of Great Britain, and which at any time or times, within or during the said term, shall be imported, brought, or landed in any other port or place within the said kingdom of Great Britain, being mod ufually fold by the chalder, or by any other meafure whatfoever reducible to the chalder, the fum of three (hillings of like money for every chalder, to be reckoned, as aforesaid, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity 3 and for all forts of coals from time to time fo fhipped or water-bom in order to be (hipped and carried by fea from any port or place of the kingdom of Great Britain, and which at any time or times, during the said term, shall be imported, brought, or landed in any other port or place of the fame (in cafe they are such as are mod ufually fold by weight) the fum of two (hillings for every tun, and according to that proportion for more or lefs, the said feveral duties for coals fo (hipped or waterborn to be (hipped and carried by fea, as aforesaid, from time to time to be paid at the refpeftive ports and places of importation or landing of such coals, and to be charged upon the refpedtive owner and owners, matter or other person having the charge of every such (hip or veflel, or of the coals fo carried, imported, or brought in the fame; and for all culm whatfoever, which at any time, during the said term of thirty two years, shall be waterborn in order to be (hipped within the said kingdom of Great Britain, or brought into the fame, the fum of feven pence and two tenths of a penny for every chalder, and after that rate, to be paid at the refpedhve ports and places of importation or landing of such culm, and to be charged on the refpe&ive owner and owners, or matter or matters, or other person having the charge of the (hip or veflel, or of the culm fo carried, imported, or brought in the fame ; and for all cynders made of pit s,coal, whjch at any time or times, during the said term of thirty two years, shall be fhipped or waterborn in order to be (hipped within the said kingdom of Great Britain, or brought into the fame, the fum of three (hillings of like money for every chalder, reckoning the chalder to confift of thirty fix bufhels Winchejier meafure, and after that rate for a greater or lefler

quantity.

5

i7°9«]	Anno	(xSlayo	Ann^. c.4.

quantity, to be paid at the refpedtive ports and places of importation or landing of such cynders, and to be charged upon the refpedtive owner and owners, mafter and matters, or other persons having the charge of the (hip or veflel in which the laid cynders shall be carried, imported, or brought.

II.	And for the better levying and railing the said feveral du- Under whofe ties, and fums of money, by this adt impofed upon such coals, management culm, and cynders, as aforesaid; it is hereby enadted, That such ^^e^.utlcs of the said duties, and fums of money, as shall arife, or be due m

or payable in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, for or upon such coals, culm, and cynders, as aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, be under the management and government of the committioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being, who shall caufe thofe duties, from time to time, to be raifed, levied, colledted, and paid to the receiver or receivers general of the cuftoms in England for the time being; and that such receiver or receivers general in England for the time being, shall pay all the monies ariling thereby (the neceflary charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying, and accounting for the fame, excepted) into her Majefty's receipt of Exchequer, diftindt and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, weekly, to wit, on Wed-nefday in every week, if it be not an holyday, and if it be, then on the next day after, that is not an holyday, for the purpofes in this adt exprefled, and under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities herein after mentioned ; and that such of the said duties, and fums of money, by this adt impofed upon coals, culm, and cynders, as aforesaid, as shall arife, or be due or pay* able in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall, from time to time, be under the management and government of the com-miflioners of the cuftoms in Scotland tor the time being, who ijiall caufe thofe duties, from time to time, to be raifed, levied, colledted) and paid to the receiver or receivers general of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being; and that such receiver or receivers general of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being, fhall tranlmit and pay, or caufe to be paid, all the monies ariftng thereby (the neceffary charges of receiving, levying, managing, paving, and accounting for the fame, excepted) into her Ma-jcuy’s receipt of Exchequer in England, diftindt and apart, as aforesaid, from time to time, as such receiver or receivers general in Scotland shall have received any such monies, as aforesaid, for tho purpofes in this adt exprefled, and under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities herein after mentioned.

III.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforesaid, How thefe That the said feveral duties by this adt impofed within and duties shall be throughout the said kingdom ot Great Britain, for and upon all raifcd* &c# such coals, culm, and cynders, as aforesaid, (hall, during all the

time and term by this adt granted therein, be raifed, levied, collected, and paid into her Majefty’s Exchequer (for the purpofes in this adt exprefled) in such or the like manner and form, and ftibjeft tp fucb allowances and repayments, and under such pe-

B 3	nalties.





4Anny, c,6.

fkZW.3 c.18 8&9W.3 c.20. 1 Ann. (tat. 1 c. 13.

5 Ann c. 13.

7 Ann. c. 7.

Appropriation of the feycrgl duties,

Anno o&avo ANN-®, c. 4;	[1709;

nalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prefcribed or appointed by any law or statute now in force, for and concerning the duties upon the like coals, culm, and cynders, which have continuance tintil the thirtieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and ten.; by virtue of the act of parliament made in the fourth year pf her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for continuing an ad* ditional Jubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and certain duties upon cook, culm, and cynders, and additional duties of excife; and for fettling and eftablijbing a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for pay-ment of annuities, to be fold for raifing a further fupply to her Ma~ jcjly, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fix, and other ufes therein mentioned; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things now in force, contained in the act laft-mentioned, or in any other acts or statutes thereby referred unto for the governing, managing, raifing, levying, fecuring, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for the said duties upon coals, culm, and cynders, which were granted or continued until the said thirtieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and ten, as aforesaid, shall be and are, by force and virtue of this present act, revived, and shall be in full force, and be duly obferved, practifed, and put in execution, in and for the governing, managing, raifing, levying, fecuring, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for the duties upon coals, pulm, and cynders, by this act granted, for and during the term hereby granted of and in the fame, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effip&ually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were again expreffed, and partial-* larly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

Twenty windows to pay ios. additional duty j 30 windows a os. made per~

' pelual by 3 Geo. t. c. 8. f 17. & $Geo. r. c. 19./. 1. Repealed 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. To be paid half yearly, viz. on 25 March, and 29 Sept, and to be charged ’ on the inhabitants. Juffices of peace to be commilfioners for the duties on houfes. Her Majefty may appoint furveyors, and receivers general. How thefe duties shall be railed, &c. Houfes in Warwick, having 20 windows, chargeable, &c. Edifices in the univerfities, having 20 windows, (everally in the tenure of any perfon, chargeable.

XI.	And it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That all the said feyeral duties by this act granted, as - well for and upon such coals, culm, and cynders, as upon such houfes, as aforesaid, shall be liable to, and be charged and chargeable with the yearly fund herein after mentioned, and all the annuities to be payable out of the fame, in purfuance of thi^ act, during the whole term of thirty two years herein after ex-prefled, and all the fame duties (except the neceflary charges before-mentioned) are and shall be appropriated thereunto, in such manner, that all the monies which (hall, from time tp time, be pr remain due, or in arrear, for or upon the said annuities, or any of them, or for any arrears thereof (if any such be) (hall, from time (0 time* ip the place be paid gna fatisfied out of



i7°9*l	Anno oflavo Annje. c.4.'	7

the said feveral and refpedlive duties by this adl granted, or fome of them, with preference to any other payments that shall or may hereafter be charged upon the fame duties, or any of them, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as are hereafter in this adt contained in that behalf.

XII.	And to the end all the monies arifing bv the said dutiefc The officers upon coals, culm, and cynders, and by the said duties upon for managing houfes by this adt granted, may be duly and certainly raifed and }hlidutieu brought into the said receipt of Exchequer for tne purpofes ^ c aforesaid; it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- w. 3. c. 44. faid, That from time to time, during the continuance of this

adt, there shall be appointed such and fo many justices of the peace, commiflioners of the cuftoms, receivers general, colledt-ors, furveyors, and other officers, as shall be proper and necef-fary for managing, governing, levying, colledting, receiving, and paying the relpedtive duties by this adt granted, add for keeping and rendring the accounts of the fame; and that the said receivers general, colledtors, furveyors, and other officers, who are or shall be concerned in the raifing, colledting, receiving, and paying the said refpedtive duties hereby granted, or any of them, and keeping and rendring the feveral accounts thereof, fhall perform their feveral duties therein, as to them refpedtively lhall appertain, under such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, for any offence or negledt therein, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the (aid monies, as are preferibed and to be inflidted by virtue of an adt of parliament, made and palled in the ninth year of the reign of his late ^ c majesty King William the Third, intituled, An aftfor raifing afiurh 9 ■ " P # *** not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, andfor fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, for the like offence or negledt relating to the duties on fait, and upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies, which were granted or appropriated by the adt lad mentioned.

XIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, That 135,0001. to yearly and every year during the said term of thirty two years, |?e tjlc ywjy reckoning the firft year to begin from the nine and twentieth *und#

day of September, one thousand feven hundred and ten, the full fum of one hundred thirty five thousand pounds, by or out of the monies to arife by the said duties on coals, culm, and cynders, and by the said duties on houfes by this adt granted, or any of them, and to be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, in cafe the fame shall extend thereunto, shall be the whole and entire yearly fund ; and in cafe all the monies arifing into the Exchequer, of or for the said duties, shall not amount to one hundred thirty five thousand pounds per annum, then the monies fo arifing, fo far as the fame will extend, shall be part of the yearly fund, for and towards the anfwering or paying of the annuities herein after mentioned; and in cafe the Deficiency to #id duties by this adt granted, shall at any time or times appear be made good

3*





Natives pr foreigners may become pfiventurcjrs.

Anno oftavo Ann^. c.4:	[ 1709*

to be fo deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as that within any one year, to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said monies arifing into the Exchequer, for or upon account of the fame duties, shall not amount to fo much as one hundred thirty five thousand pounds, or to fo much as shall be fufficient to did charge and latisfie all the annuities by this a& appointed, or intended to be paid, within or for the fame year refpedtively. That then and fo often, and in every such cate, fo much as shall be wanting to make up the said fund for every or any such year, ihall be fupplied and made good, from time to time, out of the firft aid to be granted in parliament next after such deficiency {hall appear, and (hall, from time to time, be transferred there*, qnto, as foon as the fame shall be granted.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, na* fives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute for or towards advancing the fum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, for carrying on the said war, by paying, at or before the firft day of September, one thousand feven hundred and ten, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that purpofe, as is nerein after mentioned, the fum of ten pounds, or divers entire fums of ten pounds, upon this a&; and that for the railing the said fum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, any perfon, who will become an adventurer, shall and may advance the fum of ten pounds, for which fum fo ad*, vanced, he, she, or they, for thirty two years, shall be entituled to receive a (hare or dividend of the said yearly fund, as here*-after is exprefled; and that every adventurer may advance as many entire fums of ten pounds, as he, foe, or they, shall think fit, and for every such fum of ten pounds fo advanced, he, she, pr they, is or are to be intereftpd ip one lot or (hare of and in the said yearly fund.

Her Majefty to appoint managers for the lottery. Books to be provided with \ columns, &c, Receivers to be appointed by the lord treauirer, &c. Managers to examine the bookstand deliver them to the receivers, &<;• Tickets how to be delivered out. Receivers to re deliver the books, See. by 11 Sept. 1710. Middle column tickets to be rolled up, and put in a box, marked A. Innermoft to remain in the books. There shall be pointed one hundred and fifty thousand tickets, and three thousand feven hundred and fifty tickets shall be fortunate $ that is to fay, one of them, one thousand pounds vearly; three of them, feverally, five hundred pounds ; four of them four hundred pounds, four of them three hundred pounds, four of them two hundred pounds, and twenty of them one hundreds, and thirty of them fifty pounds, one hundred of them twenty pounds yearly, fix hundred and one of them ten pounds, and two thouiand nine hundred eighty three of them, feverally, five pounds, yearly ; fifty pounds yearly to the firft drawn ticket, and fifty pounds yearly to the laft drawn ticket. If i, 500,0001. be not paid in, then the fund to be proportionable to the fum advanced. Blanks to have 14s. per annum for 3a years. The manner of drawing the tickets. Managers to adjudge to whom the fortunate tickets bplong. Forging tickets felony. Fortunate to be paid (heir advantages half yearly. Unfortunate to be paid yearly, at the feafl: of $t. Michael. Eight pounds per cent, allowed for prompt payment. A transfer office to be kept in London. Money lent tax-free.* Half yearly and yearly payments to b? made in courfe. Benefit tickets to be paid in arith*

pic ti cal



9

1709.3

Anno o&avo Ann.®. c.5,6.

metical progreffion, and th$ tickets for 14s. per annum. Overplus difpo-

fable by parliament. Part of tbefe annuities were fubfcribed into South Sea Hock f urfuant to 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. & 6 Geo. 1. c. 4.

XXXIX. And whereas a doubt may arife whether coals, culm, of Coals* See. cynders carried from the bridge of Sterling, which is on the firth ^carried from Forth, to the town of Dunbar, are liable to the duties by this aft impofed, as if they were carried to fea \ it is hereby provided, enaft- not taXable/ ed, and declared. That such coal, culm, and cynders, fo carried from the bridge of Sterling to the town of Dunbar, or to any part betwixt them, shall not, by reason of such carriage, be liable to the duties by this aft impofed $ any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

CAP. V.

An act to continue the aft for recruiting her Majefty's land forces and marines, for the fervice of the year one thoufond feven hundred and ten.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

jin aft for employing the manufacturers by encouraging the con-fumption of raw ftlk and mohair yarn.

WHEREAS the maintenance and fubfejlence of many thousands of men, women, and children, within this kingdom of Great Britain, depends upon the making of filk, mohair, gimp, and thread buttons and button holes with the needle, and great numbers of throw-Jlers, twtjlers, fpinners, winders, dyers, and others, are employed in preparing the materials of which such buttons and button holes are made *, and whereas the filk and mohair wherewith the said buttons and button holes are made, is pur chafed in Turkey and other foreign parts, in exchange for the woollen manufafture of Great Britain, to the great confumption thereof; andfor the encouragement of such numerous manufacturers and manufactures, an aft was made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majefly King William the Third, I0W.3.c,i. of glorious memory, intituled, An act to prevent the making or fellihg buttons, made of clothj ferge, drugget, or other (luffs or materials, under the forfeitures therein mentioned; but that the intended encouragement by the said aft, has, in a great meafure, been rendred ineffectual, by a late and unforefeen practice of making and binding of button holes with cloth, ferge, drugget^ or other fluffs, to the great difeouragement of and abatement in the confumption of raw ftlk and mohair yarn, and the utter ruin of numerous families, who tffed to Tjianufafture the said materials, if not fpeedily prevented: for remedy whereof, and making the said recited aft of parliament more effeftual, be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-y$d* and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the After March five and twentieth day or March, one thousand feven hundred *5* and ten, no taylpr or other person or persons whatfo^ver, with- ^ ^ in the kingdom of Qreat Britain, fhall make, fell, fet on, ufe orany buttons bind, or caufe to be made, fold, fet on, ufed, or bound on any or button • clothes, or wearing garments whatfoever, any buttons or button holes made 00 holes made of, or ufed, or bound with ferge, drugget, frize,^™^*1*

Samlet, * 1	'	.

 CjOO^Ic

io	Anno	o&avo	Ann/e.	c. 7.	[	1709;

camlet, or any other fluffs of which clothes and wearing gar-on forfeiture ments are ufually made, upon forfeiture of the fum of live ©f 51, for eve- pounds for every dozen of such buttons or button holes fo made. One moiety to ^et on> or bound, or caufed to be made, fold, fet on, the Queen, the ufed, or bound) as a fore faid, and in like proportion for any lefler other to him quantity; one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of her Majefty, '' r“~ her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to him, her, or them that shall fue for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, prote&ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed : or upon complaint to any two justices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, or town corporate, where the matter in controverfy arifeth, who are hereby impowered to fummon and examine witnefles on oath concerning the fame, and levy the penalty in this aft mentioned, and return the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof; but in cafe any person shall think himfelf ag-Y a al to 8™^ bY any judgment or order of the said juftices, it shall and thc^eJSon? °may be lawful for such person to appeal against the judgment and order of the said two justices to the justices of the peace in the general quarter feflions of the peace, which shall be held for the fame county, riding, divifion, city, or town corporate, next after notice of (uch order of the said two juftices; and the jufti-powered final- ces of the peace in the said general quarter feflions are hereby ly to deter- impowered to fummon and examine witnefles on oath, and to mine t e mat- hear and gnaj]y determine the matter of the said appeal j and in The appellant c*fe the fame justices in the said general quarter feflions shall to pay cofts, give judgment against such appellant, then the fame justices shall ^determined award and order to the party, on whofe behalf the fame appeal again im. js determined, such reafonable cofts and charges to be paid by such appellant, in regard of such appeal, as to the fame justices shall feetn meet. And this aft shall be taken and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick aft: and all judges, juftices, and all other persons therein concerned, are hereby required as such to take notice hereof, without fpecial pleading the fame. This afl is altered and farther enforced by 4 Geo. 1. c. 7. And by 7 Geo. i.Jlat. 1. c. ii. f j. the penalty of forty Jhil* lings per dozen is laid on the wearer,

who will fue, &c.

Two justices may by warrant levy the penalty.

But persons aggrieved

who are irh-

Tliis to be taken as a publick aft.

For the application of the Juliet ari/ixg by tbu aft% See 8 Ann*, £.13.1*.»8.

CAP. VII.

a£l for granting to her Majefty new duties of excife, and upon feveral imported (Qttwjod, and for eftablijhing a yearly fund thereby, and by other ways and , to raifet nine hundred thou fund pounds by fale of	,	and	in

default thereof\by another	, for the fervice of tbo

year one tboufand [even hundred and ten.

MOST gracious Sovereign, we your Majefty’s moll dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being delirous, by the moll eafy and effedual ways and means to raife the necellary fupplies for profecuting

thf



1709.]	Anno	o&avo	Annje.	c.	7;

the present War, in which your Majefty is engaged, and for enabling your Majefty, at the end thereof, to eftablifti a good and lalting peace, have for that end and purpofe given and granted, and do by this a<ft give and grant unto your Majefty, the feveral rates, duties, impofitions, and fums of money, as well for and upon such excifeable liquors, as for and upon such pepper, raifins, fpices, and (huff, as are herein after-mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it maybe ena&» cd; and be it enadted by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That from and after the feaft of the New duties annunciation, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thou- of excife for fand feven hundred and ten, there shall be, within and through- 3*^*rs, from out the whole realm of Gnat Britain, railed, levied, collected, and paid unto her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and perutual by during the term and fpace of thirty two years from thence next 6 Geo.s. and immediately enfuing, and fully to be compleat and ended, for beer, ale, cyder, and other liquors herein after exprefled, by way of excite, over and above all duties, charges, and impofitions, by any former a & or aefts of parliament fet or im* pofed, the leveral rates and duties of excife herein after ex-* prefled; that is to fay.

For every barrel of beer or ale (above fix (hillings the barrel, strong beer; exclufive of the duties of excife) brewed by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons refpedive-ly, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity three pence.

For every barrel of fix (hilling beer or ale, or under, brewed Smaji ^ by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale, publickly or privately, to be paid by the said common brewer, or by fuen other person or persons refpe&ively, as aforesaid, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, one penny.

For all cyder and perry made and fold by retail, upon every Cyder and hogfhead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, and fo proportion- perry, ably for any greater or lefler meafure, five pence.

For all verjuice made for fale, upon every hogfhead, to be Verjuice, paid by the maker thereof, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, five pence.

For all metheglin or mead, made for fale, whether by retail, Metheglin, or or otherwise, to be paid by the maker thereof, upon every gal- mead.

Ion, one penny.

For and upon every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors vinegar, preparing for vinegar, which shall be brewed or made of any fLngltJh or foreign materials, by any person or persons whatsoever, for fale, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity ? to be paid by the marker thereof, nine pence.

Fo*



it	Anno	o&avo Annm. c.j.	[1709;

Strong waters. Far every gallon of ftrong waters or Aqua vita, made for fale, to be paid by the maker thereof, one penny.

Spirits.	And	for every gallon of fpirits made in Great Britain, of any

kind of wine or cyder imported, two pence.

New duties H. And be it enaded by the authority afore&id, That the lefted? ^ C° ^ kvera* rates> Unties, and impositions upon beer, ale, cyder, and other liquors afore faid, and all arrearages thereof, be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto her Majefty, her heirs and fuc-ceflors, during the said fpace and term of thirty two years, in the fame manner and form^ and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of mitigation, and other powers, and with such allowances, as any the duties of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are by any a d or kds of parliament or law whatfoever, now in force, enaded, appointed, or allowed to be raifed, levied, collected, managed, recovered, and paid; and that fo much of the said ads as are now in force, for the railing, levying, collecting, paying, or anfwering the said duties of excife, or any of them, formerly granted, shall be continued and revived, and be pra&ifed, put in execution, and obferved, in and for the raifing, levying, collecting, managing, adjudging, and anfwering the said duties of excife, by this aCt granted, for and during the said term of thirty two years, and all arrearages thereof, for the purpofes in this aCt expreffed, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly and at large re-enaCted in the body of this present aCt.

Two penny III. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That ale.	for	the barrel of two penny ale, mentioned and defcribed in the

feventh article of the treaty of union, there shall be only paid ™Geo. 1^0.4.an<* charged, by virtue of this aCt, such a proportional part of f. 5S.	three	pence, as two (hillings bears to four (hillings and nine

pence, over and above the other duties wherewith the said barrel of ale is charged in the said article.

Vinegar for IV. And whereas it may be doubted whether such persons as make plC hlCdlia*ble Vlneiar^ an^ ufe fame in the preparing or making of pickles for to t e uties.	vjnegar_mafors within the meaning of this and the other afts

.relating^ to the duties upon vinegar •> it is hereby declared. That from and after the commencement of this ad, the vinegar fo made and ufed is and shall be liable to the duties by this ad, and the former ads, whereby the duties on vinegar are impofed; and the said persons (hall, to all intents and purpofes, be deemed and taken to be the makers of vinegar for (ale, within the meaning of the fame ads.

Vinegar for V. Provided always. That nothing in this or any other ad, tnaking white shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with this or lead uot lia- any othcr duty, such vinegar as shall be made by the manu-fadurers of white lead only, and ufed and confumed by them-felves, in the making and preparing the fame, and to no other ufe whatfoever; nevertheless, such makers of vinegar, fo ufed in the preparing of whit$ lead (in cafe they shall fell or deliver

put



1709.]	Anno	o&avo	Annje. c.7.	ij

out any vinegar whatfoever by them made, to any person or persons, or employ the fame for any other ufe) shall from henceforth be chargeable with all duties payable to her Ma-jefty by vinegar-makers, for all vinegar by them made or to be made.

VI.	And her Majefty's said dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the New duties commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do also moft °n pepper,&c. humbly befeech her Majefty, that it may be cna&ed; and be it from^Feb-* enabled by the authority aforesaid, That theire shall be anfwered ruzry, 1709. and paid unto her Majefty, her heirs and fucceftors, for and Made perpetual upon all and all manner of pepper, raifins, nutmegs, cinnamon, o. 1. cloves, and mace whatfoever; and for such fnuff as is herein c'4* u after-mentioned, imported or to be imported into the kingdom of Great Britain, at any time or times after the lixth day of February, one thousand feven hundred and nine, within or during the term of thirty two years from thence next and immediately enfuing (over and above all duties, and additional duties already payable for the fame, or any of them* by any other law now in force) the (everal new rates, duties, and fums of money following ; that is.ta (ay.

For every pound of pepper, Averdupoit weight, imported, as Long pem** aforesaid, one (hilling and fix pence.	not ebarge-

For every hundred weight of raifins of what kind foever, im- able with this ported, as aforesaid, accounting one hundred and twelve pounds Averdupoit to the hundred, the fum of five (hillings.	£ 59?°**C**

And for all nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, and mace, imported, Raifins. as aforesaid, as much as theiame fpices refpe&ively pay by any Nutmegs, See. law or laws now in force, upon the importation thereof, it be- Sec 8 Geo.«. ing intended by this a (ft, that the present duties upon the im- C,I5‘1,If' portation of nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, and mace, shall be doubled.

And for every pound weight Averdupoit of all fnuff* imported. Snuff, as aforesaid, not being of the product or manufacture of Majefty’s plantations, the fum of three (hillings.	paid for jkuf.

The said refpe&ive duties, for and upon all pepper, raifinsbyHi» Geof I. nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and fnuff, to be paid or fe- c. %6. f. 1,5. cured in the manner herein after-mentioned.

VII.	And for the better fecuring the duties upon pepper by this and other ads of parliament impofed, and to the intent that the lame may not be too burdenfome on the importers of such pepper, as shall be again exported to parts beyond the feas ; it is hereby provided, and further enacted by the authority aforefiud, That from and after the (eventeenth day of Pepper im-February, one thousand feven hundred and nine, all such pepper P0***!aftcr as shall be imported into the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall, upon entry thereof, be forthwith carried and put into such ware- ^arehoufed, houfe or warehoufes, as shall for that purpofe be provided by and at the charge of the importers of the (aid pepper, and be approved of by the cgminiflioncrs of her Majefty’s cuftoms tor

tht



H

and half the fubfidy paid $

and if to be contained in Great Britain, not to be carried out till the whole duty paid See 8 Geo. i. c. 15. f. 15.

& 16.

If to be exported, fecu-rity to be given* &c.

What shall be deemed clan-deftine importation of pep-per.

Anno o&avo Ann.®. c. 7.	[	1709*

the time being; and half the fubfidy which by law is payable for pepper, imported after the said feventeenth day of February, shall be paid down in ready money bv the importer or importers thereof, who shall have power to (in or garble the said pepper as hath been ufual, and ever pra&ifed, to make it merchantable ; which said pepper fo brought into such warehoufe or warehoufes, shall not be taken or carried out thence upon any account whatfoever, other than as is herein after-mentioned ; that is to fay, such of the said pepper as shall be fold to be con-fumed or fpent in Great Britain, shall be delivered out of such warehoufe or warehoufes, unto the person or persons who shall buy the fame of the importer or importers thereof, upon such person or persons paying to her Majefty’s ufe the duties charged or impofed, or to be charged or impofed, by this or any other a6t or ads of parliament in that behalf, for or upon such pepper fo bought (other than and except the before-mentioned half-fubfidy; and such of the said pepper as shall be for exportation to parts beyond the feas, shall be delivered out of such warehoufe or warehoufes, unto the importer or importers thereof, or such buyer or other person or persons, as such importer or importers shall appoint in that behalf, upon fufficient fecurity to b« firft given by the importers, or such buyers or other perfons, to herMajefty, her heirs and fucceflors (which fecurity the said com-mtffioners of her Majefty’s cuftoms are hereby required and im-powered to take) that the fame and every part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain \ which said fecurities shall be discharged without fee or reward, upon certificate returned or produced to the said commiflioners of the cuftoms, under the common feal of the chief magiftrate in any place or places in parts beyond the feas, or under the hands and feals of two known BritiJJ) merchants, then being at such place or places, that such pepper was there landed, or upon proof by credible perfons, that such pepper was taken by enemies, or perifhed in the feas; the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgment of the said commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being.

VIII.	And for preventing all dandeftine importing or bringing any pepper into this kingdom of Great Britain, be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons, or bodies politick or corporate, from and after the laid feventeenth day of February, one thousand feven hundred and nine, shall import or bring any pepper into any port of of in this kingdom of Great Britain other than the port of London; or into the port of London, and shall not make due entries of such pepper fo imported or brought in, and bring the fame into the said warehoufe or warehoufes,' as aforesaid : the fame fhall be, and is hereby adjudged, deemed, accounted, and taken to be dandeftine running, and unlawful importation thereof; and such person or persons, or bodies politick or corporate, fo offending therein, and their abettors, shall not only forfeit and lofe all fuch

pepper





i7°9*3	Anno o&avo Annjb. c. 7.	15

pepper fo clandeftinely run as aforesaid, but also the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and divided, one moiety to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the person or persons that shall feize, fue, or inform for the feme, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at IVejlminJlcrj or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland.

IX.	And for preventing the clandeftine carrying of any of What ftallbe

the feid pepper out of the laid warehouses, be it enacted by the	carry

authority aforesaid. That the keeper or keepers of the said ware- j* ^ houfe or warehoufes (who fhall be provided at the charge of the pepper, importers) {hall keep one or more book or books, wherein he

or they shall fairly enter or write down an exaeft, particular, and true account of all pepper which lhall be brought into and carried out of his or their said warehoufe or warehoufes, and the days and times when the fame was fo brought in and carried out, and how much thereof was delivered out to be confumed and fpent in Great Britain, and how much for exportation, as aforesaid ; and shall at the end of every six months tranfmit in writing an exa<5t account thereof, upon oath, to the commiflioners of the cuffoms for the time being, together with an exadl account of how much shall be remaining in his or their said warehoufe or warehoufes refpe&ively, and the said commiflioners are hereby impowered and enjoined, within one month after the fame shall be tranfmitted to them as aforesaid, to appoint one or more person or persons to infpeft the said book or books, warehoufe or warehoufes, and to examine the said accounts; and if upon examination it shall appear that any of the said pepper was delivered out otherwise than as aforesaid, or before paying the duties of such of the said pepper as shall be fold to be confumed and fpent in Great Britain, or giving such Security, as aforesaid, for such of the said pepper as shall be delivered out for exportation, as aforesaid, then the warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers, fo offending therein, shall not only forfeit and lofe the value of the said pepper fo carried out, as aforesaid, and be for ever cfifebled from any publick employment for the future, but also shall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every such offence, to be recovered and divided, as aforesaid.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Proprietors it shall and may be lawful to and for the proprietor or proprie- may affix a tors of the said pepper, fo lodged in any warehoufe or ware- lock on the houfes, as aforesaid, to affix one lock to every such warehoufe, 0 e* the key of which shall remain in the cuftody of such proprietor

or proprietors j and that he or they may, in the prefence of the said warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers, who is and are hereby obliged to attend at all feafonable times for that purpofe, view, fort, and deliver out the said pepper, or any part thereof, in manner followingthat is to fay. Such of the said pepper as fhall be fold to be confumed and fpent in Great Britain, to the person or persons who shall buy the fame, upon paying the duties charged or impofed thereon, as aforesaid, and such of the said pepper as shall be fold for exportation to parts beyond the 6	Seas

 UooQle

i 6

Half fubfidy only to be paid on importation of pepper, and the other duties on its delivery out of the warehoufe for con-fumption, here.

On exportation all other duties diichar. ged.

Importers of raifins, &c. to have ix months for. payment, or sol. per cent, for prompt payment.

Nutmegs, &c. may be imported from any ports in Bntifh (hips, See.

Farther provi-/ions relating hereto^

6Geo. i.c.ai.

f. 4j.

Raifuis, &c. landed without entry, Scc. forfeited.

rAnno oftavo Ann.®. c.7.	[1705.’

Teas upon giving such fecurity as is before in that behalf cx-prefled.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said feventeenth day of February, one thousand feven hundred and nine, no other auty shall be taken or demanded upon or at the importation of any pepper into Great Britain, (but the half fubfidy before-mentioned) and all other the duties and impofitions charged upon or for such pepper as shall be delivered, as aforesaid, out of the ware-houfe, to be confumed and fpent in Great Britain, shall be paid upon such delivery out of the warehoufe, as aforesaid, and not otherwise: and that from and after the said feventeenth day of February, one thousand feven hundred and nine, all duties charged or impofed on such of the said pepper, as shall be delivered out of the said warehoufe or warehoufes to be exported, and shall be exported accordingly (except the half fubfidy) shall be dif-charged, and from thenceforth no drawback or allowance shall be paid or made out of her Majefty’s cuftoms, for or on the account of such exportation of any ot such pepper; any thing herein, or in any former aft or afts of parliament, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforesaid, That the importers of the said raifins, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, or fnuff, giving fecurity at the cuftom-houfe, shall hare twelve months time for payment of the duties by this aft impofed thereupon; and in cafe such importer shall pay ready money, he shall have ten pounds per centum, or after that rate per annum, of the said duty abated to him for prompt payment.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted. That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import into the kingdom of Great Britain, during the continuance of this aft, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, or mace, fubjeft to the feveral duties payable for the fame, from any parts beyond the teas in Bri-tijb (hips, fo as the mafter, and at lead one fourth of the mariners duritigthe continuance of thisprefent war, be her Majefty’s fubjefts of Great Britain* andfo as after the end of this war, and during the continuance of this aft, the mafter, and at lead three fourths of the mariners be her Majefty’s fubjefts of Great Britain, and fo as notice be firft given to the commiffioners of her Majefty’s cuftoms, of the quality and quantity of the said fpices, fo intended to be imported, and the place in which they intend to import the fame, and taking a licence under the hands of the commiftioners of the cuftoms for the time being, for the landing and importing thereof, as aforesaid ; which licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any fee or reward, or any other charge to the person demanding the fame; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe any of the said raifins, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and (huff, hereby charged or intended to be charged as aforesaid.



*7

Ahno octavo AfJNA. C. 7.

faid, shall Be landed or put on (hore out of any (hip Gt* veflfcl, before due entry be made thereof at the cultoiri-houfe, in the port or place where the fame shall be imported, and before the said duties by this adt charged or chargeable thereupon, lhall be fecured or paid, as this ad doth require, or without a warrarit for the landing or delivering the fame firfl figned by the collectors, or other proper officer or officers of the cuftoms refpec-tively; That all such imported raifins, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and fnuff, as shall be fo landed and put on (hore, or taken out of any (hip or veffel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall land may be feized or recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof, (to wit) one moiety of the fame to the ufe of her Ma-jefty, her heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of such person or persons as will feize, inform, or fue for the fame* or the value thereof, by adtion, bill, fuit, or information,

■wherein no efloin, protedion, or wager of law shall be allowed.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enadedand declared Raifms, &c. by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe any of the said raifins, duc^me,duty nutmegs, cloves, mace, cinnamon, and fnuff, upon which the to be repaid/ said new duties, by this ad granted are paid, or fecured to be Thefe 9 and paid, be again exported at any time or times withineighteen 18 'mntbseti-months by Britijh merchants, or vyithin nine months by aliens, ™a*s by° 5 to be accounted from the refpedive times of the fight or entry 7 Gto.i. fiat, of the said goods inwards, and that due proof be firft made, 1.1. 21. f. id. upon 00th, That the said raifins, nutmegs, cloves, mace, and cinnamon, or fnuff, fo exported, be the fame for which the

faid duties are paid, or fecured to be paid, as aforesaid; that then, and in every such cafe, and not otherwise, the fame duties fo paid, (hall, without any delay or reward, be wholly re«^ paid out of any the duties on imported commodities by this adt granted, or the fecurity of such of the said duties as shall be fecured, shall be vacated (©n a debenture or debentures regularly certified and fwom to) as to fo much of the said raifins, nutmegs, cloves, mace, and cinnamon, or fnuff, as shall be fo exported; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary not* withftanding.	^	-

XVI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, J^w tofc^te-That the said new duties upon raifins, nutmegs, doves, mace, vjc(j% cinnamon, and fnuff, by this act impofed, during the said whole

term of thirty two years therein granted, shall be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, and anfwered, for the ufes and purpofes in this adt expreffed, by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such other penalties and forfeitures, and fubjedt to such allowance for damage, as the other duties upon the fame goods refpedtively are, by any law or statute now in force, to be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, or anfwered, during the continuance thereof refpechvely. p

XVII.	And for preventing the frauds which may bepradtifed or^y uncu-iii unftiipping, to be landed, any pepper, raifins, mace, cin- itomed goods,, namon, cloves, nutmegs, fnuff, or any other fort 4f goods unfliipped

Vol. XII.	'	C '	what- Without P*y-



, i8	Anno	o&avo	Anna.	c. 7.	{1709:

ingthc duties, whatfoever, fubjeCt to the payment of duties, without paying trebiethe	^ame» as a^ to hinder the importation of any fort of pro-

lue, &c.ebya" hibited goods into Great Britain ; be it further enadled by the Dcvenenint. authority aforesaid, That if any pepper, raifins, mace, cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, (nuff, or any other fort of goods what-Jfoever, liable to the payment of duties, shall be unihipped, with intention to be laid on land (cuftoms, and other duties, jiot being firft paid or fecured) or if any prohibited goods whatsoever, (nail be imported into any part of Great Britain, then not only the said uncuftomed and prohibited goods shall be forfeited and loft, but also the persons who shall be aflifting, or otherwise concerned in the unihipping the said prohibited and uncuftomed goods, or to whofe hands the fame shall knowingly come, after the unihipping thereof, shall forfeit treble the value thereof, together with the veflels and boats, and all the horfes, and other cattle and carriages whatfoever, made ufe of Fortier prow- *n	lan(*ing, removing, carriage, or conveyance of any of

fans relating ’ the aforesaid goods ; one moiety of all which forfeitures and pe-]berttot nalties shall be to the ufe of her Majefty, and the other moiety s Geo. 1. c.is. to him or them that will feize or fue for the fame, to be reco-f. z6.	, vered by bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eilbin, pro-

tection, or wager of law shall be allowed.

XVIII.	And whereas feveral merchants and other wholefale traders and dealers in pepper, have or may have, on the eighth day of Fe-Merchants to bruary, one thousand feven hundred and nine, feveral flocks or quan-pay 1 s. 6 d. tities of pepper > it is hereby further enadled, That all and eveiy their^tftod*14 merchants, traders, and dealers, having on the said eighth ©nSFeb. 1709. day of February, one thousand feven hundred and nine, in his, * her, ,or their cuftody or poffeflion, or in the cuftody or pofief-fion of any other person or persons in truft for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, benefit, or account, any ftock or quantity of pepper, as aforesaid, within the realm of Great Britain, being for fale, shall yield and pay unto her Majefty, for every pound of such pepper, one (hilling and fix pence, to be paid within six months after the (aid eighth day oi February, one thousand feven hundred and nine.

How the ftock XIX. And to the end the laid (locks of pepper may be known, ki hand shall and the duties thereupon duly afeertained and fecured; it is be afeertained. hereby enadled, That all and every the said merchants, traders, and dealers in pepper, Ihall, on or before the eighth day of April one thousand (even hundred and ten, make a juft entry thereof at the cuftom-houfe neared the place where such pepper doth remain, as aforesaid, and permit the proper officers of the cu-ftoms thereunto to be appointed, at anytime before the fifteenth day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, to enter into his, her, or their warehoufes or other places, where such (locks of pepper are to be found, and to view, weigh, and take account of the fame ; and if any such merchant, trader, or dealer shall negledl to make such entry at the cuftom-houfe within the time aforesaid, or shall refufe to permit such officer to qpter into bis. her, or their warehoufes or other places (if thereunto required)





6

17°9-]	Anno oftavo Ann.*.	0.7,



quired) there to view the said flock, as aforesaid, or any part

thereof, or shall hide, remove, or convey away the said flock of

pepper, with intent to defraud her Majefty, or shall not pay her

Majefly’s dues for the fame, according to the true meaning of

this ad; then for every, or any such offence the merchant, trad-	'

er, or dealer refpedively, fo offending, fhall forfeit and lofe his,

her, or their said flocks of pepper, or the value thereof to be

recovered and diflributed, as aforesaid.

XX.	Provided, That if such persons fo chargeable for any T01. per cent; flocks of pepper, fhall pay her Majefty\s duties for the fame be- for prompt fore the end of the said six months, then he, fhe, or they, fhall Paymcnt*

be allowed for such prompt payment, after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum for every fum fo advanced, and in case of exportation thereof, or any part thereof, within eighteen months after entry made, as aforesaid, the said duties payable by this ad for such ftocks of pepper fhall be discharged or repaid.

XXI.	And it is hereby enaded, That if any difpute fhall a- Onus probandit rife whether any fnuff chargeable by this ad upon the importation thereof, be of the produce or manufadure of her Maje-

fty’s plantations, the onus probandi fhall lie upon the owner or daimer thereof.

XXII.	And be it enabled and declared by the authority a- Nfcw duties on forefaid, That all the said feveral duties arifing by this ad upon ex?!fc be cxcifcable liquors in that part of Great Britain called England, nagement of ~ Wales* and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, fhall from time the commif-to time be under the management and government of the com- fioners of ex- , miffloners of excife in England for the time being; and the said cifc*

duties upon excifeable liquors toarife in Scotland, shall from time to time be under the management and government of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland for" the time being; and that such an(j cuftonfc of the duties impofed by this ad upon imported commodities under the as fhall arife in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon commiffioners Tweed, fhall be under the management and government of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being; To*be paidin-and such of the said duties on imported commodities as fhall a- tothc f*che* rife in Scotland, fhall be under the management and government djfhncl, of the commiffioners of the cufloms in Scotland for the time being ; and that the commiffioners of excife in England, and the receiver general of the cuftoms in England for the time being, fhall pay all the monies that they refpedively fhall receive of the said duties (the neceffary charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying, and accounting for the fame, excepted) into her Maje-ily*s receipt of Exchequer, diftind and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue weekly (to wit) on Wednefday in every week^ if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then on the .next day after that is not an holiday, for the purpofes in this ad expreffed, and under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabi-lities nerein after mentioned; and that such of the said rates, duties, and fums of money by this ad impofed, as shall arife in Scotland, (the neceffary charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying, and accounting for the fame, excepted) fhall from time to time be tranfmitted and paid by the commiffioners of excife.

Ca



Mew duties appropriated,

The officers, for managing thefe duties liable to the aa 9 W. 3. c. 44.

9 W. 3. c. 44-

Anno o&avo Awkje. c. 7.	f	1709V

and receiver general of the cuftoms in Scotland, for the time being refpe&ively, into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer in England, diftindt and apart, as aforesaid, for the purpofes in this adt exprefled, and under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabi-lities herein after mentioned.

XXIII.	And it is hereby enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid. That all the said feveral duties by this a<ft granted, as well for and upon such excifeable liquors, as for and upon such pepper, raifins, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and fnuff, to be imported, and the said flocks of pepper, as aforesaid, shall be liable to and charged and chargeable with the yearly fund herein after mentioned, and all the annuities of what kind fo-ever, to be payable out of the fame, in purfuance of this a6b, during the whole term of thirty two years herein after exprefled in that behalf; and all the fame rates and duties (except the ne-ceflary charges before-mentioned) are and shall be appropriated thereunto in such manner, that all the monies which lhall from time to time be or remain due, or in arrear, for or upon the said annuities, or any of them, or for any arrears thereof, (if any such be) shall from time to time, in the firft place, be paid and fatisfied out of the said feveral and refpedlive rates and duties by this a<5t granted, or fome of them, with preference to any other payments, that shall or may hereafter be charged upon the fame rates and duties, or any of them, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as are hereafter in this a<St contained in that behalf.

XXIV.	And to the end all the monies to arife by this ad may be duly and certainly raifed and brought into the said receipt of Exchequer for the purpofes aforesaid; it is hereby further en-a&ed by the authority aforesaid, That from time to time, duf-ring the continuance of this a&9 there shall be appointed fuch, and fo many commiflioners of the cuftoms and excife, and other officers, as shall be proper and neceffary for the raifing and levying the refpe&ive duties and fums of money by this a<5! granted or chargeable, and for keeping and rendring the accounts of the fame; and that all receivers general, colle<ftois, and other officers, who are or shall be concerned in the raifing, colle£Hng, receiving, and paying the said refpe&ive duties hereby granted, or any of them, and keeping and rendring the feveral accounts thereof, shall perform the feveral duties therein, as to them re-fpetfively shall appertain, under such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, for any offence or negletfl therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any part of the said monies, as are prescribed, and to be infli<fted by vii^ue of an a<51 of parliament made and paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his

- late majesty King IVtUiam the Third, intituled, An act for raifing a fum, not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum," and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, for the like offence or ne-gle<ft relatingto the duties on fait, and upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining.



21

•*7°9*)	Annaoftavo	Akmjb.	c. 7.

Gaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies which Avere granted or appropriated by the aIt laft mentioned.

XXV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Si,oool. tobe yearly and every year, during the term of thirty two years, reck-oning the firft year to begin from the twenty ninth day of Sep-Umbtr, one thousand feven hundred and ten, the full fum of eighty one thousand pounds per annum, by or out of the monies to arife Jby the said rates, duties, and fums of money by this alt granted, or chargeable, and to be brought into the receipt of Exchequer, as aforesaid, in cafe the fame shall extend thereunto, shall be the whole and entire yearly fund; and in cafe all the monies a-rifing into the Exchequer, of or for the said rates and duties,

(hall not amount to eighty one thousand pounds per annum, then the monies fo arifing, fo hr as the fame will expend, shall be part of the yearly fund for or towards the anfwering or paying of all the feveral and refpdtive annuities herein after mentioned ; and in cafe the said rates, duties, and fums of money by this alt Deficiency to granted, shall at any time or times appear to be fo deficient or low be made good m the produce of the fame, as that within any one year to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said monies arifing into the Exche- and*window quer, for or upon account of the fame rates and duties shall not a6t j amount to fo much as eighty one thousand pounds, or to fo much as shall be fufficient to discharge and fatisfy all the annuities by this alt appointed or intended to be paid within or for the fame year refpeltively, That then and fo often, and in every such cafe, fo much as shall be deficient or wanting to make up the said fund for every or any such year, shall be fupplied and made good from time to time out of the furplus or remainder of the monies which, for such year refpeltively, shall arife by the rates and duties granted by an alt of this feflion of parliament, inti- g Annae c< tuled. An act for continuing part of the duties on coals, culm, and	9	*	^

tyndersy and granting new duties upon houfes having twenty windows or more, to raife the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, by way cf a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and ten, after all the annuities, charges and payments directed or authorized by that adt, until the end of such year refpdtively,

(hall be fully fatisfied, paid, and discharged, or monies fufficient

(hall be referved for that purpofe (which furplus or remainder

was referved to be difpofed by authority of parliament $) and in

default of such furplus or remainder, then the said deficiency

(hall be fupplied or made up from time to time out of the firft

aid to be granted in parliament, next after such deficiency shall and in default,

appear, and shall from time to time be transferred thereunto, by parliament.

as foon as such aid shall be granted.

XXVI.	And it is hereby declared. That fo much of the said Duties arifing duties hereby granted, as shall come into the Exchequer before before ^Sept. the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred appUcd^the and ten, shall go in aid of the said yearly fund after the said annuities, twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and

ten, tor payment of the annuities which shall become payable Upon this alt.

XXVII.	And it is hereby enalted, That all the monies arifing

^ 3	<&oogle

*1	-Anno odtavo Annc. 7.	X*7°9?

Monies arifing fey the duties hereby granted, and provifions hereby made for to bV^ttcd^n P?yment °f fcveral annuities which shall be payable upon this a book. ' a#> fhall be fairly and duly entred in one or more book or books to be kept in the offices o» the auditor of thereceipt, and clerk of the pells, for that purpofe, to which all persons concerned, at alj feafonable times, fhall have free accefs, without fee or charge.

KX VIII. And for the raifing any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of nine hundred thousand poundst for carrying on the said war, and other her Majefty’s occafions 5 it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it N*tjves or fo- ^aM anc* maY hwful to and for any person or persons, natives reigners may or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, ad-advance mo- vance, and pay into the receipt of her Majefty*s Exchequer, for *57 °n tier Majefty’s ufe, at or before the refpedtive days and times in a * c* this limited in tha\ behalf, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said fum of nine hundred thousand pounds, for the abfolute purchafe of any certain annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable, during the full term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and ten; which certain annuities fhall be computed at the rate of nine pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, and pro-portionably for any greater fum fo to be advanced or paid; and the purchafe-money for every such annuity, at the rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid into the said receipt of Exchequer, at or before the refpe&ive days and times herein after limited 5; Times of pay- that is to fay, one fourth part thereof on or before the firft day men*.	cf May, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred ana

ten ; one other fourth part thereof on or before the firft day of , _	Jvfyy *n the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and

ten; one other fourth part thereof on or before the firft day cf September, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and ten $ and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the firft day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and ten: all which annuities fo to be purchafed, fhall not exceed in the whole the fum of eighty one thousand pounds per annum, and fhall be paid and payable at the four moft ufual feafts, or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the feafts of the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the hlefled virgin Mary, the nativity of St. John Baptiji, and St. Michael the archangel, by even and equal portions; the firft payment thereof to be due at the feaft of the birth of oxjr Lord Chrift, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and ten.

Contributors XXIX. And it is hereby enacted. That in the offices of thq names to be auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells, in the Exchequer; entred. feverally, there fhall be provided and kept a book or books, in which there shall be fairly entred the names of all who shall bQ contributors for such certain annuities, as aforesaid, and of all persons by whofe hands the said contributor shall pay in any of (aid fums upon this a<ft, and also the fum fo paid for luch annuiv ties: to which book it shall be lawful for the laid fefpe&ive con-



e tnbutors^

tjog.J Anno o&avo Annas. c. 7.	23

tributors, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, from time to time* and at all feafonable times, to have refort, and to infped the fame, without fee or reward.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, c^g^upoa That all and every the annuities fo to be purchafed upon this pre- the new du-fent ad, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and ties, payable, from time to time, out of the monies arifing by the faid

rates and duties, and other provifions made by virtue of this ad Part oftbefe tor the payment thereof; and that all and every contributor and annuities contributors upon this ad, duly paying the confederation or pur-chafe-money, at the rate aforesaid, at or before the refpedive	stock pur-

days or times in this ad limited in that behalf, for any such an-juant to jpuity or annuities, as aforesaid, or such as he, she, or they shall * Geo. *. c. 4* appoint, his, her, or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators* fucceffors, and affigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this ad, to have, receive, and enjoy the refpedive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed, out of the mo^ nies by this ad appropriated or appointed for the payment thereof, during the said whole term of thirty two years, to be purchafed therein, as is above-mentioned; and that all and every such purehafers, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and ailigns, refpedivelv, shall have good, fure, abfolute, and unde-feazible estates and interefts in the feveral annuities fo by theiri refpedivcly to be purchafed, according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad; and that all the said annuities to be purchafed on this ad, and every of them, during the term aforelaid, shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfofever.

XXXI.	And be it further cnaded by the authority aforesaid,

That every contributor upon this ad, for any such annuity or ftmek, annuities, as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, upon payment of the confideration

or purchafe-money for the fame, at the rate aforesaid, or any part or proportion thereof, into the said receipt of Exchequer, within the time or times in this ad limited in that behalf, shall immediately have one or more tally or tallies levied, importing the receipt of fo much purchafe-money as shall be fo paid; and upon payment of all the purchafe-money, for any such annuity or annuities, at the rate aforesaid, every such contributor, his, her, * or their executors, adminiftrators^fucceflors or affigns refpedive-ly, shall have an order for paying of the said annuity and annuities, for and during the said term of thirty two years to be purchafed therein; which order shall be figned by the treafurer and and orders under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the figned by the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being; and after the treafurcr« figning thereof, the fame shall be firm, good, valid, and effedu-al in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this ad; and shall not be determinable by or upon fhe deaths or removal of any treafurer or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any coiumiffioner or commiffioners of the treafury, or by or upon the determination of the power, office, or offices pf them, or any of them ; nor shall any lord high treafurer of Gmt Brit<lin> treafurer pf the Exchequer, or any commiffioners

^	.	Digitized	by	Cj^30^1c

81« per cent, for prompt payment.

Purchafers may aflign their annul ties, &c.

Anno o&avo Annas. c. 7.	[1709;

of the treafury, now or for the time being, have power to re-r voke, countermand, or make void such orders fo figned, as a-* forefaid, or any of them.

XXXII.	And for the encouragement of the contributors to advance and pay readily into the receipt of the Exchequer, the fums by them intended to be advanced upon this ad, it is provided and enaded by the authority aforesaid. That every such contributor who shall advance and pay into the said receipt of Exchequer, within the times limited by this ad, the purchafe-mopey payable for any such annuity or annuities, as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution-money arifing by this ad, intereft after the rate of eight pounds per centum per nnnumy for the prompt payment of the purchafe-money, or of such proportions of the purchafe-money as shall be fo advanced before the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and ten; the said intereft to be computed for the refpedive fums fo advanced and paid into the Exchequer, from • the time or refpedive times of the adual advancing and paying the fame into the Exchequer, until the said nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and ten.

aXXIII. And be it further enaded. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any purchafer or purchafers of any such annuity or annuities, as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, at any time or times, dur^ ing the continuance of his, her, or their term, eftate, or intereft, of and in the fame, by any writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, or under the common feal of a corporation, or by his, her, or their laft will in writing, to aflign or devife such annuity, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, to any person or persons whatfoever, and fo toties quotiesy and no such aflignment to be revokable, fo as an entry or memorandum of such aflign-ment or will be made in books to be kept for that purpofe in the said office of the auditor of the receipt, within the fpace of three months after such aflignment or death of the devifor; and that upon the producing such aflignment or will, or probate thereof, in the said office of receipt, to be entred, as aforesaid, the party fo producing the fame, shall bring therewith an affidavit taken before one or more of her Majefty’s justices of the* peace, of the due execution of the said affignment or will, which affidavit shall be feverally filed in the said office; which said entry or memorandum, the proper officers in the said receipt of Exchequer, are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the said affidavits; and in default of such affignment or devife, by deed or will, the intereft of such contributor shall go to his or her executors or adminiftrators.

XXXIV.	Provided always. That no person or persons

-..- —	. whatfoever shall or may purchafe or obtain,	or be admitted	to

bdore	^ Purc^la^e	or obtain any such certain annuity	or annuities,	as

1710. 1	ay> aforesaid,	for which Exchequer orders are to	be made forth,	as

aforefaid,	upon this ad, unlefs the whole or	one fourth part	at

lcaft

No purchase,

unlefs one





1709 ]	Anno	o£tavo Ann.*, c. 7.	35

lead of the confideration-money for the fame, at such rate, as aforesaid, be advanced and paid into the said receipt of Exchequer on or before the said firft day of May, one thouland feven hundred and ten/

XXXV.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any such contributor, Purchafennot as aforesaid, who shall on or before the said firft day of May, paying: in all One thousand feven hundred and ten, have advanced into the at^n^one " Exchequer one fourth part of bis, her, or their purchafe-money, fo^Mwhafii or his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or af- advanced, figns, do not advance and pay into the said receipt of Exchequer, one other fourth part of his or her confideration-money,

fc to be paid for such refpedtive annuity or annuities, as aforesaid, on or before the said firft day of July, one thousand feven hundred and ten; and one other fourth part thereof on or before the said firft day of September, one thousand feven hundred and ten; and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the said firft day of November, one thousand feven hundred and ten; then, and in every such cafe refpe&ively, no order shall be drawn or figned for such refpedtive annuity, for which the confideration-money shall not be fully paid, as aforesaid, but fo much of the confideration-money as shall have been actually paid into the receipt of Exchequer, for such refpe<51ive annuity, fhall be forfeited to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and shall be applied, together with other the monies to be raifed by this ad, for such publick fervices, as aforesaid; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI.	And to the end there may be no failure in railing Wthinii the fupply intended to be raifed for her Majefty’s ufe by this ad, ^l0# it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That treafuiy to within one and twenty days after the said firft day of May, one take an exaft thousand feven hundred and ten, at the furtheft, the lord trea- account of all hirer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury ^anc^for * for the time being, shall caufe an exad account to be taken of

all the fums of money which (hall, at or before the (aid firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, be advanced or paid by such purchasers, as aforesaid, into the Exchequer, and compute how much by the year the Certain annuities which will be payable to such purchafers, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-ors, and afligns (in cafe the refidue of their payments be duly complied with) will in the wholeamount unto, and confequently how much (if any remainder be) of the said yearly fund of eighty one thousand pounds will then remain undifpoled; which account being certified by the said auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells, and allowed by the said lord treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall be enrolled and recorded in the refpe&ive offices of the said auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells; and publication . shall be made thereof, as well in the London Gazette, as by affixing the fame upon the Royal Exchange in London.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Natives or fq. faid. That in cafe it shall appear, by such account to be taken, fortified, enrolled, recorded, and gublifhed, as aforesaid, that venturersln

there the lottery*

 OUUV	•

*6	Anno	o&avo	Annjb.	c.7.	[1709»

there shall be such a reftdue or remainder of the said yearly fund of eighty one thousand pounds undifpofed, over and above fo much as shall be applicable to the payment of the certain annuities to be purchased, as aforesaid then it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute for or towards advancing fo much as (together with the monies to be raifed by the fale of such certain annuities as are above mentioned) shall not in the whole exceed the said fum of nine hundred thousand pounds,' by paying, at or before the fifteenth day of September, one thousand (even hundred and ten, to any receiver or receivers to be ~ appointed for that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fam of ten pounds, or divers entire fums of ten pounds, upon this adl; and that every such perfon, who will fo become an adventurer, shall and may advance the fum of ten pounds; for which fum fo advanced, he, she, or they, for thirty two years, shall be entitled to receive a (hare or dividend of the £dd remainder of the said yearly fund, as hereafter is exprefled; and that every adventurer may advance as many entire fums of ten pounds, as he, she, or they shall think fit 5 and for every such fum of ten pounds fo advanced, he, she, or they is or are to be interefted in one lot or (hare of and in the (aid remainder of the (aid yearly fund.

Her Majcfty to appoint managers for the lotteiy. Books to be provided 4	with	three columns, &c. Receivers to he appointed by the lord treafur-

er, See. Managers to examine the books, and deliver them to the receiv* «rs, Sec. Ticket* to be delivered out at id. per ticket. Receivers to re# deliver the books. See. by *6 Sept. 1710. Middle column ticket* to b* rolled up, and put in a box. Innermoft to remain in the books. Books with two columns. The fortunate tickets shall be one fortieth part of the whole number and the managers fhall paufe such yearly fums to be written jupon the fortunate tickets, as the lord treafurer, Sec. ihall dire&, fo that the total thereof, together with twenty pounds yearly to the firft drawn ticket, and twenty pounds to the laft drawn ticket, shall not charge fo much of the undifpofed remainder, of the yearly fund of eighty one thousand pounds, but that every ticket not having a fortunate lot, exceeding fourteen Shillings a year, shall be entitled to fourteen (hillings a year, tor thirty two years. Blanks to have 14s. per ann. for 3* years. The tickets to be put into another box. No money to be received after 15 Sept. 1710. Publick notice of the time of cutting the tickets. The manner of drawing the tickets. Forging tickets felony. Fortunate tQ be paid their advantages half yearly. Unfortunate to be paid yearly, at the teaft of St. Michael. Money here lent, tax-free. Half yearly and yearly payments to be made in courfe. Tickets to be paid in arithmetical progreflion. Overplus difpofable by parliament. EXP.

perfons to give fjpeurity to an-fwer cofts oc-paiioned by claiming goods feized, otherwise goods to be fftovered.

LXIII. And for preventing the great charges that the officers of the cujloms, feizing goods prohibited and uncujlomed^ are put to> bp groundlefs and vexatious claims entred thereto in the court where such wods are profecuted \ be it enadted by the authority aforesaid* That every person upon entry of any claim in the court, where such prohibited and uncuftomed goods are profecuted, (hall* from and after the twentieth day of Aprils one thoufand. feven hundred and ten, be obliged to give fecurity in the penalty of thirty pounds,' to anfwer and pay the cofts occafioned by luch f}aim 3 arid ip default of giving such fepprity within the time

limit-

C-oogle

 *

I709.] 'Anno oftavo Anna. c.8.

limited by the courfe of that court for entring claims, fucfa goody shall be recovered.

Jdiftake in the orders upon 5 Annas, c. 79. re&ified. EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An 08 for clearing, preferving, and maintaining the harbour of Cat-water, lying near Plymouth, ip the county of Devon; and for the cleaqfing and keeping dean the poo% commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid.

WHEREAS the ancient borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, is very confederate for the port there, and is of great importance, as well for advancing her Majejlfs fervice and revenue, as for promoting and carrying on the trade of this kingdom ; near unto which borough hath been time out of mind, and yet is a bar-hour commonly called Cat-water, the which was a very commodious and fafe flation, as well for her Majefefs Jbips of war, as for other Jhips employed by merchants, until of late that feveral jhoals and great banks of fond have been caufed there by the tides and violence of Jiorms; which Jhoals and banks have yearly encreafed, whereby too said harbour is not only at present rendered unfafe to Jhips in their going into and out of the said harbour, but is like to be entirely ruined, unlefs a timely and effectual care be taken to prevent the fame: and whereas the pool of water, commonly called Sutton Pool, (lying in the bofom of the said town of Plymouth, and thereby of great ufi end advantage, as well to her Majefifs Jhips for their Jupply of provisions, as to all merchants, who have occafeon to bring up thetr vejfets to lade or unlade their cargoes at the aifiamhoufe, and other pays lying within the said town) hath been, of late years, fo filled and cheated up with cuze and mud, as that, by means thereof the said pool is likely to become wholly unferuiceable for the ufes aforesaid, if due care be not forthwith taken for preferving the fame, by deepning thereof, and deanfing the fame: ana whereas Benjamin Joules of Plymouth aforesaid, hath made propofols for the deepning and deanfing, and for the keeping clean and clear the said harbour and pool, at his own proper cofts and charges, fo and in such manner, as that the doing thereof wilt be a great benefit to the publkk: To the end therefore, that fo good a work may be effected, and that the feid harbour and pool may be reftored to their former ufefulneft,-?md may continue the lame, and that the said Benjamin Joulet paay receive a fuitable encouragement for such his undertakings, ana his performance of the said work; be it enacted, (sic.

Benjamin Joules, Sec. shall cleanfe the harbour of Cat-water, fo as to en-creafe the water in depth one foot yearly for five years fuccefljvelv, to be Computed from March 15,1710. and for such further time as the lupervif-ors hereby appointed shall order, till 'a fourth rate (hip may go over the flioal at naif flood without danger. The said Benjamin Joines, &c. to keep the water at the fame depth, at his own cofts, during the continuance of this a ft. He shall likewHe carry away 2000 tun of ouze, See. and make proof of having fo done at the end of eveiy year, to the fatisfa&ion of the fupervifors. Suptrvifors appointed. After 25 March, 1710. the said Benjamin Joules, &c. to have the foie privilege of baliafting, See. for ft 1 *	‘	*	years.

'  vj ooQle

28	Anno	oftavo	c.g.	[	1709-

years* Matters of (hips, &c* to receive ballaft from no other perfon. He mav take the gravel, See. of Cat-water for ballatt. Rates appointed for ballafting. He fhall employ such a number of hoys, See. for carrying ballatt as the fupervifors shall judge fufficient.* Hays, Scc. to be gaged. He shall attend the ballafting. Provifo, that the matter, &c. give 24 hours notice, what ballaft he shall want. Lime (tones or (hindie to be furnifhed at the fame rates as other ballaft. No ballaft to be thrown into any of the -/aid harbours, See. No mafter, Sec. to detain the hoys, &c. longer than needful. This aft not to prejudice the right, Sec. of any person to the said water, &c. nor to hinder any bargeman, See. from dredging, Sec. If the said Benjamin Joules, &c. do not perform, Sec. all the orders, &c. above fpecified, all the grants contained in this aft shall ceafe. The fupervifors not liable to any penalty for not receiving the facrament. Continuance of this aft for 73 years, from 25 March, 1710. Not to prejudice the rights of the borough of Saltafh. This aft not to hinder the clearing of the harbour of Cat-water. Saving the rights of the Queen, and of au persons claiming by any grant from the crown any privilege. Sec. in the harbours. Sec.

CAP. IX.

An act for laying certain duties upon	and certain

rates upon monies to be given with clerks, and	,

towards ratfing her Majefty's fupply, for the year otu . thousand feven hundred and ten.

for the affli. cation oj duties arifmfi from this aft)

See 8 Ann.

C. 13. f. 28.

Duty on candles for 5 years, from 1 May, 1710. made perpetual by 9 Ann. c.ai. f 7.

Wax candles imported, 4d.

MA Y it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, we your Ma-jefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, duly confidering your Majefty’s great occafions for money to defray the expences of the present war, and other neceflary fervices, have for that end and purpofe cheerfully and unanimoufly given and granted, and do by this aft give and grant to your Majefty, as well the feve-ral duties for and upon all candles made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, as alio the feveral duties or rates upon monies to be given, or agreed to be given, with such clerks, apprentices, or fervants, as are herein after mentioned, for and during the refpeftive terms herein after exprefted ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con.ent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there shall be raifed, levied, colleft-ed, and paid unto and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all candles which, at any time or times within or during the term of five years, to be reckoned from the firft day of May^ one thousand feven hundred and ten, shall be imparted or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies, and other duties already impofed thereupon) the feveral and refpeftive duties herein after mentioned 5 that is to fay, for all candles made of wax, or ufually called or fold for wax candles (notwithftanding the mixture of any other ingredients therewith) which shall be fo imported, the fura of four pence, for every pound weight averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity 5 and for all candles made of tallow, and other candles whatfo-

tve?



17&9.]	Anno	oftavo	Ann^e.	c.9.	69

ever (except the wax candles before charged) which shall be fb Tallow can* imported, one halfpenny, for every pound weight averdupois, dies iroportedf and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity; the said feveral ***• duties for and upon all imported candles, to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing of the fame refpeCtively; and there shall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid to and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fuccef-fors, for and upon all candles, which at any time or times, within or during the said term of five years, (ball be made within the said kingdom of Great Britain, the feveral and refpeCtive duties herein after ntentioned; that is to fay, for all candles of Wax candle* wax, or ufually called* or fold for wax candles (notwithftanding made here, 4d. any mixture as aforesaid) which shall be fo made in Great Britain., the fum of four pence, for every pound weight averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity; and for all Tallow can* candles of tallow, and other candles whatfoever (except the wax Candles before charged) which shall be fo made in Great Britain, one halfpenny, for every pound weight averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity; the said feveral duties for the said candles fo to be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the makers thereof refpeCtively.

II.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe Candles land* any of the said imported candles shall be landed, or put on (hore «d before en-out of any (hip or veffel, before due entry be made thereof at

the cuftorti-houfe in the port or place where the fame shall be Cl * c* imported, and before the said duties by this aCt charged or chargeable thereupon ihall be duly paid, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering the fame, firft figned by the com-miflioners, collectors, or other proper officer or officers of the cuftoms refpeCtively; that all such imported candles of what kind foever, as shall be fo landed and put on (hore, or taken out of any fhip or veffel, contrary to the true meaning hereof* or * the value of the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feized or recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof, to wit, one moiety of the fame to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of such perfonor perfons, as will feize, inform, orfue for the candles fo imported and forfeited, or the value thereof, in any of her Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wejiminp.er, or in her Majefty’s court of Exchequer in Scotland, by action, bill, fuit, or information,, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, *jow thefe That the said duties upon imported candles, by this aCt granted, dutie* shall be during the continuance thereof, shall be afcertained, fecured, raifed* raifed, levied, recovered, and anfwered, for the ufes and. pur-

pofes in this aCt expreffed, by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as the present duties upon candles imported, or any of them, are by any law or statute n6w in force, to be afcertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, or anfwered, during the continuance thereof refpeCtively.

IV. And





go	Anno	odtavo Anna. c.9.	[1709.

Candles tm- IV- And be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, ported to be That such of the duties impofed by this adt upon imported under the nU- candles, as shall arife in England, Wak%% and the town of Ber-thec^mmS*- upon Tweedy shall be under the management of the commoners of the miflioners and officers of the cuftoms in England for the time cuftoms. being; and such of the duties impofed by this adt upon imported candles, as shall arife in Scotland, shall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of the cuftoms in Scot* land for the time being; and that the refpedtive receivers general of the cuftoms in England and Scotland for the time being, (hall, from time to time^ pay, or caufe to be paid, all the monies that they refpedtively shall receive of the feid duties for imported candies (the neceflary charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted) into the receipt of her Majefty's Exchequer in England^ diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofes in this adt exprefled, and under the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilidcs, as are to be inflidted by this adt, for diverting or mifepplying any monies by this adt appropriated or appointed for repayment of loans, or fetisfadtion of intereft monies, as is herein after mentioned. Candles made V. And for the better afcertaining, charging, colle&ing, in Great Bri- levying, railing, and fecuring the feveral rates and duties by this tain,under the adt fet and impofed upon all forts of candles made in Great Bri-commiffioners during the term aforesaid, according to the true meaning of 0X0 c* this adt, and for preventing of frauds concerning the feme, be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That such of the laid rates and duties by this adt granted, as are chargeable upon candles made in England, Wales) or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of the excife in England for the time being; and such of the duties as are impofed by this adt upon candles made • in Scotland, shall be under the management or the commiffioners and officers of the excife in Scotland for the time being; and that all the monies ariiing by the feid duties upon candles made in Great Britain (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for.the feme excepted) shall be paid into the receipt of her M&-jeft/s Exchequer in England, diftindtiy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofes in this adt exprefled, and under the like penalties, forfeitures, and difebi-lities, as are to be inflidted by this adt, for diverting or mifepply-* ing any monies by this adt appropriated or appointed for repay-- ment of loans, or fetisfadtion of intereft monies, as is herein after mentioned.

Perfons mak- VI. And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforesaid, ing candles. That all and every person and persons whatfoevef, who, on or to give notice before the firft day of May* in the year of our Lord one thou-if r r £°rk kyen hundred and ten, shall make any candles for fale, non c$, &c. or not for fajc^ ^all, 0n or before the feme firft day of May* one thoufend (even hundred and ten, give notice in writing, at the office of excife next to the place where such candles shall be made, of every melting-houfe, work-houfe, ware-houfe,

ftore-





1709.]	Anno odavo Ann-®, c. 9-	31

ftore-houfe, (hop, room, and other place, by him, her, or them refpe&ively made ufe of for the making or keeping of such candles, or for the melting or keeping any wax, talloyr, or other materials proper to be made into candles, and also of all coppers, furnaces, moulds, or other veiTels by them made ufe of for the melting of wax, tallow, or other materials to be made into candles; and that from and after the said firft day of May9 and not to alone thoufend feven hundred and ten, during the continuance ter, &c. the of the laid duties upon candles, no maker of candles shall "7th0** ered, fet up, alter, change, enlarge, or make ufe of any melt- tten^ofllcc* ing-houfe, work-houfe, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, room, or other place for the making or keeping of candles, or for the melting or keeping any wax, tallow, or other materials proper to be made into candles, or ufe any copper, furnace, moulds, or other veflel for the melting of wax, tallow, or other materials to be made into candles, without firft giving notice thereof in writing, or unlefs notice thereof shall have been before given in writing, at the next office of excife: and if any maker of candles shall ered, fet up, alter, enlarge, or make ufe of any melting-houfe, work-houfe, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, room, or other place for the making or keeping of candles, or -for the melting or keeping anf wax, tallow, or other materials proper to be made into candles, or shall ufe any copper, furnace, moulds, or other veflels for the melting or wax, tallow, or other materials to be made into candles, without giving such notice thereof, as aforesaid, contrary to the true meaning of this ad; then, and in every such cafe, the offender therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, the one moiety thereof to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs on penalty of and fucceflors, and the other moiety to such person or persons 5oi.

■who will inform, or fue for the lame.

VII. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforesaid, Psrftms in .That from and after the said firft day of May9 one thousand London, feven hundred and ten, during the continuance of the said duty upon candles hereby granted, all and every person and n persons whatfoever, who shall make any candles in London, fVeJlminfler9 or in any parts within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, shall monthly, and every month, and all and every person or persons whatfoever, who (nail make any candles Jn any other part of Great Britain, (hall, once in every fix .weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next office of cxcife, of all the candles by him or them feverally made within such month or fix weeks refpedively; which said entries shall in any other contain the weight, number, and fize of the candles mentioned P^t®* withis therein refpedively, and what quantity thereof was made at 6 each courfe in the feveral weeks to which such entry shall relate, on pain to forfeit for every neglcd of entry the fum of twenty .pounds; which entries shall be made upon oath by the makers Entry to bft of such candles, or by their chief workman or fervant, employ- on te* fid in awaking the fame, according to the beft of their knowledge sind belief, unlefs such maker, workman, or fervant be a known

quaker,



Entry to be at next market town.

Perfons in London, See. to clear in four weeks, in any other parts in fix weeks after entry.

Penalty, double the fum, &c.

Officers may enter the houfe, and weigh the Tandles, See.

and make return thereof to thecommif-fioners.

Anno o&dvo Ann,®, c. 9.'

qUaker, and the foleinn affirmation of such maker, workman, or fervant, to the fame effed, in cafe he or fhe be a known quaker, shall and may be taken inftead of such oath; and the (aid entries, oaths, and affirmations, to Verify the fame, (hall, for such candles as shall be made within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, be made with and adminiftred by such 6f-ncer or officers as shall be appointed by the commiffioners of excife in England, or the major part of them, for the time being, who shall attend at the general excife office in London for that purpofe; and for all candles made in all other parts of Great Britain, with and by the refpe&ive collectors or fupervif-ors of the drftrict or divifion within which the refpective makers of candles shall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatfo-ever to be demanded or taken for the fame.

VIII. Provided always, That no maker of candles shall be obliged to go or fend further than the market town where his or her candles are made, or the next market town to the place where his or her Randles are made, for the making of such entries, as aforesaid.

* IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons whatfoever, who shall make any candles in London, ff^eftminjler^ or within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, (hall, within four weeks, and all and'every person and persons whatfoever, who shall make any candles in any other part of Great Britain, shall within fix weeks after he, she, or they shall make or ought to have made such entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear Off all the said duties for candles, which shall be due from him, her, or them refpeeftive-ly; and that all and every such makers of candles, who shall refufe or neglecft to make such payment, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe, for every such offence, double the fum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be fo refufed or negle&ed; and that no such maker of candles, after such default in payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out any candles, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of such candles fo delivered or carried out.

X. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the officers for the said duties, (hall, at all times, by day or by night, and if in the night, then in the prefence of a conftable, or other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted upon his or their requeft, to enter the houfe, melt-ing-houfe, ware-houfe, or other place whatfoever* belonging to, or ufed by any person or persons, who, within or during the said term of five years, (ball be a maker or makers of any candles whatfoever, and by weighing or tale of the candles, ot otherwise, as to such officer shall feem moft proper, and convenient, to take an account of the juft quantity of the candles which’(hall have been made by such maker or makers of candles from time to time; and shall thereof make return or report in writing to the refpe&ive commiffioners of excife,-or such as they shall refpedtively appoint to receive the fame, leaving

a



ty09-]	Anno oftavo Annas. C. 9*	33

a true copy (if demanded) of such report in writing under his Such return hand, with or for such maker or makers of candles refpe&ive- a charge on ly; and such report or return of the said officer or officers shall the maker, be a charge upon such maker or makers of candles refpe&ively; iVft with^hc and if the said officer shall refufe or neglect to give or leave a maker on pain true copy of his report in writing with or for such maker or of 40 •• makers of candles, at the time of taking such account, upon demand, as aforesaid, every such officer, for every such offence, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings to every such maker or makers of candles refpedtively.

XI.	Provided always. That every officer who shall be im-officer to b# powered to make such charge, as aforesaid, shall in the firftfworn. place be fworn for the due and faithful execution of his office,

and the oath in that behalf shall and may be adminiftred by all or any the commiffioners of excife, or bv any of her Majefty’s justices of the peace, who shall give to (uch officer a certificate . thereof; and all and every such maker and makers pf candles {^cp^calef refpeeftively are hereby required to keep fufficient and juft feales &c. on penal* and weights at the place or places where he, she, or they do ty of xoU make such candles, and permit and aflift the officer to make ufe thereof, for the purpofes in this a<5t, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be forfeited and loft for not keeping such feales and weights, or for not permitting and affifting the officer to ufe the fame, as aforesaid.

XII.	And the better to prevent any frauds and concealments, Officers to whereby her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, may be injured ortake an ac-deprived of the duties upon candles granted by this a61; ^ 1S quantit^s of hereby likewife enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, Jtax, tallow, That all and every the officers for the said duties upon candles, &c. in cuftody lhall also be permitted to take an account, by gaging, weigh- °f maker, ing, or otherwise, of the quantities of wax, tallow, and other materials, proper to be made into candles, that shall be in the

cuftody or poffeffion of any maker of candles, during the continuance of the said duties hereby granted; and in cafe such officer or officers lhall mifs any quantity or quantities of such wax, tallow, and other materials aforesaid, which he had taken andafterwards an account of, at the laft time he was at such makers of can-dies, and shall not upon reafonable demand receive fatisfa&ion chargC the what is become of such wax, tallow, and other materials fo maker, &c. miffing; then and in every such cafe, it shall be lawful for such officer to charge such maker of candles, with such quantity of candles as such wax, tallow, and materials fo miffing, in his judgment would reafonably have made, not exceeding one hundred and eight pounds of candles, for every one hundred and twelve pounds of wax, tallow, and other materials fo miffing, as atorefaid, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer quantity.

XIII.	And be it enafled. That if any maker or makers of Maker ob-candles, shall obftru<ft or hinder any of the said officers in the ftru<5ting of. _ execution of the powers and authorities given to him or them Acer, forfeits* by this a6t, for the afeertaining and fecuring the said duties1®1,

Voi. XII.	D	,	upon

 L.ooQle

Maker not to remove can-diet before account taken thereof, on forfeiture of aei.

Gandies not furveyed, to be kept fepa-rate on forfeiture of jl.

Candles con* cealed forfeit aol.

Candles, &c. .found in private melting-boufe, &c.for feited.

No lamps in dwelling % boufes but

Anno o&avo Ann^e. c. 9.	[1709.

upon candles, the person or persons offending therein fhall for every such offence forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enadted, That no maker or makers of candles, after the said firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, during the continuance of the said duties on candles, fhall (under pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds for every offence) remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried, or fent away, any candles by him, her, or them made, of which no account fhall have been firft taken by the proper officer for the said duties, from the place where the fame candles fhall have been made, without giving to the proper officer or officers, within the limits ofc the weekly bills of mortality, twenty four hours notice at the leaft, and to the proper officer or officers, in other parts of Great Britain, two days notice at leaft, of his, her, or their intention to remove, carry, or fend away the fame, that fo the said officer, without his own wilful negleft or default may have time to take an account thereof.

XV.	And for the better afcertaining the said duties upon candles, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all makers of candles fhall from time to time keep all the candles by them to be made, and which fhall not have been furveyed and taken an account of by the said officers for the said duties on candles, feparate and apart from all other their candles, which fhall have been furveyed and taken an account of by such officers, for the fpace of twenty four hours after the making thereof, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or for the fpace of two days after the making the said candles in any other parts of Great Britain, unlefs such candles fhall have been fooner furveyed and taken an account of by the said officers refpedtively, on pain to forfeit for every offence therein the fum of five pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enalted, That if any of the said makers of candles fhall fraudulently hide, or conceal, or caufe to be hid or concealed, any candles chargeable by this a<ft, or any the materials for making the fame, to the intent to deceive her Majefty of her juft duties by this agranted, that then and in every such cafe, the party fo offending fliall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

X VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That all the candles, wax, tallow, and other materials for mak-. ing candles, which fhall be found in any private melting-houfe, work-houfe, ware-houfey and other place, and all private coppers, furnaces, and other veffels, for which no entry fhall be made, or notice given, as abovefaid, fhall be forfeited and loft, and the fame, or the value thereof, fliall and may be feized and recovered by the said officer or officers for the said duties upon candles, to her Majefty’s ufe.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That during the continuance of the duties upon candles hereby granted, no person or persons whatfocver fhall

ufe



1709.]	Anno	oftavo	Annje.	c.9.	35

life or caufe, procure, or fuffer to be ufed, in the infide of his, w5th

her or their dwelling-houfe, any lamp or lamps, wherein any 0\\$ on pain 0f

oyl or fiat (other than oyl made of fifh within Great Britain) 40 s.

(hall be burnt for giving light, under the penalty of forty (hil- No candles to lings for every offence therein ; and that no persons during such Jw*&mar-continuance of this a6t,v(hall expofe to fale any candles, unlefs kett, onpaii* it be in his, her, or their (hops or warehoufes publickly ufed, for of 5I. that purpofe, or in fome publick fair or market, unaer the penalty of five pounds for every offence in fo doing} any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanefing.

XIX. And it is hereby enadted, That all the candles, and Candles, tec. all the materials and utenfils for the making of candles, in liable to all the cuftody of any maker or makers of candles, or of any debl.s and du* jperson or persons, to the ufe of, or in truft for such maker tlcs 10 arrc*r* or makers of candles, shall be liable and fubject to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the debts and duties for .candles, in arrear and owing by such maker or makers, for any candles made by him, her, or them, or in his or their work-ing-houfe, or places aforesaid; and lhall also be fubjedt to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons, fa using such work-houfe, or other place, for any offence against this adt, relating to the said duties upon candles; and that it ihall and may be lawful, in all such cafes, to levy debts and penalties, and ufe such proceedings as may lawfully be done by this act, in cafe the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the fame.

XX. And whereas many of her Majejbfs fubjefls do male can- Comtnifllon-dles not to fell, or make any profit thereof but to be confumed in ersot exeife, their own private houfes only; for the better accommodation of ^om-filch perfons, it is hereby further provided and enadted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commiflioners of excife fons at is. per for the time being refpedtively, or the major part of them, or head, such person or persons, as they, or the major part of them re-fpedtively, shall appoint for that purpofe, and in default of such appointment, then the colledtor or fupervifor for the diftridt or divifion within which such person doth or shall inhabit, shall and may compound and agree with such person or persons, for the (aid duties of such candles, that shall grow due or payable from him, her, or them, by this adt, from the commencement thereof, until the end of the term hereby granted, at the rate of one (hilling per annum, for every head, which at any time or times, during the continuance of such compofition, shall be of the family of such person or persons refpedtively, arid to Sucft com-receivc such compofition-money quarterly; and that the houfes, ]^|” out-houfes, or other places of luch particular perfons, mak- duty, nor to ing such compofitibn and agreement, and paying such com- the furvey of pofition-money quarterly, shall not be liable to the said duty the gager, upon candles, or to be furveyed or fearched by any gager or officer for the said duties upon candles, for or by reason of his or their making such candles, as aforesaid, or to the said j>enaljty for using lamps,	^



36

Compounders felling candles, &c. forfeit 5I.

and liable to the duty, &c.

Compounder leaving off houfe-Keeping, com pod-tiontoceafe.

Anno oftavo Annjb. c. 9.	[1709.'

XXL Provided, That if any such perfon, after such com-pofition made, shall fell, exchange, barter, or deliver out any candles to any other person or perfohs, or shall permit any other person or persons to make any candles in his, her, or their houfes or outhoufes, or shall have more persons in their families than they shall fo compound for, without giving notice of them in writing, at the next office of excife, at or before the next quarter day, and paying the like compofition for them, then every such person shall forfeit the fum ot five pounds, and after such offence committed, shall lofe the benefit of his, her, or their compofition, and shall be liable to the said duties upon candles, and to the furvey and fearch of such officers, as if no such compofition had been made j and for every pound of candles fo fraudulently fold, exchanged, bartered, or delivered out, or fraudulently made, every (uch person shall forfeit the fum of five (hillings; any thing in this a<5l to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, That if any such compounder shall leave off houfe-keeping before the end of the said term, and

Sive notice thereof in writing at the next office of excife, and lall pay the duty for the quantity of candles made by him or her, that shall remain in his or her hands, or in the hands of any other person or persons to his or her ufe, at the time of leaving off such houfe-keeping, and all arrears of the payments that shall be due on such compofition, that then such compofition shall ceafe from the end of the quarter in which he or (he shall fo leave off houfe-keeping; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enadled by the authority afore-foid, That for all candles which any wax chandler, tallow chandler, or other fellers and dealers in candles in Great Britain, iamuu» uv or any person or,perfons in truft for him, her, or them, or i*May**to pay for his, her, or their ufe, shall be poffeffed of, or interefted the fame duty in, upon the said firft day of May, one thousand feven hun-as candles dred and ten, for fale, there shall be yielded and paid to her iMa aftCr Majefty, the like refpeftive rates as are by this a to be paid for Stock m hand the like forts of candles to be made after the said firft day of May ; and that all and every the said wax chandlers, tallow chandlers, or other fellers and dealers in candles, and all and every other person and perfons, who, in truft for them, or any of them, or for the ufe of them, or any of them, shall be pofleflea of or have in his, her, or their cuftoay or poffeffion, or in his, her, or their melting-houfe, work-houfe, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, room, or other place or places whatfoever, upon the said firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, any ftock, parcel, or quantity of wax candles, tallow candles, or other candles whatfoever, for fale, (hall, on or before the said firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, make a true and particular entry thereof at the excife office, within the limits of which they shall refpe&ively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and the candles for which

m

Candles in cuftody of fellers or dealers in candles, on

[av, t( be entred at the excife office, on forfeiture of 50I. and candles



37

1709.]	Anno	oftavo Ann^. c. 9.

no such entry (hill have been made; and within fix days after ^ie, (he, or they shall have made, or ought to have made such entries, as aforesaid, shall pay down the duties hereby pay- and duty to able for such candles, or within the said fix days shall give	ln	6

fecurity to the proper officers, for paying the fame duties her Majefty’s ule within three months then next enfuing; and rity to pay in in cafe the said duties for such (lock of candles be paid down * months, within the said fix days, then there shall be allowed out of the *ol« P®1* cent» fame duty, for such prompt payment, an allowance after pjymentf1 the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, for the (aid time of fecfufers to three months ; and that all and every such chandlers, and other pay, forfeit fellers and dealers in candles, who shall refufe or neglecft to double the make such payment, or to give such fecurity for payment of the said duties tor his, her, or their said (lock of candles, within the time by this adt limited for that purpofe, shall forfeit double the fum of the said duty which (hould have been fo paid or fecured by him, her, or them, as aforesaid; and that it shall Officers may and may be lawful to and for the proper officers for the said take account duties refpedtively, to take a true and particular account £andonm all such (lock or quantity of candles, as any such chandlers, or x May. other fellers and dealers in candles, or any in trull for them,

(hall, on the said firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, have or be poflefled of; and for that purpofe shall and may enter be permitted, in the day-time, to enter into any (hop, ware-Into any (hop, houfe, melting-houfe, or any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe,	pain

other, places belonging to (uch chandlers, and other fellers01 %0 and dealers in candles, and every of them, who are hereby required to permit such officer and officers, upon his or their requeft, to make such entrance on the said firft day of Mayy one thousand feven hundred and ten, or afterwards, at any time { before the duty lad-mentioned shall be paid or fecured, and to take an account of the quantity of such candles under the penalty of twenty pounds ; and it any person or persons having on Stock of can-the laid firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, dies clande-in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, any (lock or quantity ^ncly r.cmov.-of candles chargeable by this ad with the said duty for (lock, as and°thccaa- * aforesaid, shall clandeftinely remove or carry away, or caufe or dies, fuffer to be removed or carried away the fame, or any part thereof, before her Majefty’s duties thereupon shall be paid or fecured, as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide any part of his, her, or their said (lock of candles, that then, and in every such cafe, he, she, or they fo offending, for every such offence, shall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; and in all and every such cafe and cafes, the (lock or quantity of candles which shall be fo clandeftinely removed or carried away or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feized by any of the said officers for the said duties on candles; and the person or persons in whofe cuftody such (lock Thofeinwbofc of candles shall be found, who shall not, before tne difeovery cuftody such theredf, give notice at the next office for the said duties upon candle* found, fai)dJcs of the dock or quantity of candles fo in his* her,	5*

D3	their	^ *





38	Anno	oftavo AnnjE. c*9«	[1709;

their cuftody, shall also forfeit and lofe the fum of five (hillings * for every pound weight.

Candles, for XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the which the du- authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and paid^ma^be ^or a^y Perf°n perfons, who shall have adually paid her expoited, «c. Majefty’s duties by this ad payable for any quantity of candles whatfoever, and to and for any other person or persons, who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any such quantity of candles from the said person or persons who adually paid her Majefty’s duties for the fame, to export such candles for any foreign parts by way of merchandize, giving fufficient fecurity before the (hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantity of candles which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be (hipped and exported, and that the fame, or any part thereof, shall not be re-landcd or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain;

. which fecurity the cuftomer or colledor of the refpedive port for such exportation is hereby directed and authorized to take in her Majefty’s name, and to her ufe.

Such candles XXV. Provided always, That if after the (hipping of any such relanded, for- candles to be exported, as aforesaid, and the giving or tendring feited, kc. such fecurity, as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein after mentioned, the candles fo (hipped to be exported, or any of them, shall be relanded in any part of Great Britain, that then and in every such cafe, over and above the nepalty qf the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to her Majefty’s ufe, all the candles which shall be. landed, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

Exporters of XXVI. And it is also hereby enaded, That any person or per-oath thatthe f°ns w^° exP°rt any candles to any foreign parts, shall or duty has been may make proof upon oath, or by such affirmation, as afore-paid, or fecur- faid, That the duty of such candles hath been paid or fecured cd, and on according to this ad (which oath or affirmation the colledor debentureato w*10 received the said duty is hereby required and impowered be repaid the td adminifter) and thereupon the said colledor for the said duty, or fe- duty upon candles, shall give to such person or persons gratis dif- a certificate or certificates, expreffing the kinds and quantities charged, kc. Qf such candles, and the duties paid or fecured to be paid for the fame, purfuant to this ad, which certificate being produced to the cuftomer or colledor of the port where the said candles shall be exported, and oath or affirmation, as aforesaid, being also made by the exporter before the said cuftomer or colledor of the port (who is hereby also authorized and required to adminifter the fame, without fee or charge) that the candles fo exported are the fame mentioned in the said certificate; then the said cuftomer or colledor of the port where such candles shall be exported, shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture expreffing the true quantity of the candles fo exported ; which debenture being produced to the colledor appointed to receive the said duties upon candles, in such county or place where the said candles were exported, he shall forthwith pay the faid

duty





1709.]	Anno	oftavo	Annje.	c.9;	39

duty which shall have been received upon this aft, to the per-ions or agents fo exporting the fame; and if such collector shall not have money in his hands to pay the fame, then the said Tefpeftive commiffioners of excife are hereby required to pay the said debenture out of the duties upon candles arifing by this aft, or if the duty of such candles fo exported were only (ecured, and shall remain unpaid, then the fame fliall be discharged upon the fecurities for the fame 3 any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- The powers of

faid. That all and every the powers, authorities, direftions, rules, i*Car.*.c.i4. methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things,	e*:lm

which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign cd^thls^utiv of King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for taking away

the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervict) and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majefiy in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to her Majefty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale or other liquors, are provided, fettled, and eftablilhed, for managing, railing, levying, collefting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeer-taining the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and preferibed by this aft) shall be exercifed, praftifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collefting, mitigating, recovering, and paying rite said duties upon candles hereby granted, during the continuance of this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, "as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enafted in the body of this present aft.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Fines, 8cc. faid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the how to be re* laid duties by this aft impofed upon candles, shall be fued for, covered, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means,

and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information,* in any of her Ma-jetty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland ; and that one moiety of every such fine, pe* nalty, and forfeiture shall be to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccef-fors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXIX.	And whereas candles are, or often may be cracked, or Candles fpoiU J\polled in makings and unfit for fale\ it is hereby provided and cd to bede-enafted. That upon (hewing the fame to the officer appointed facc<b &Ct for charging the said duties upon candles, such officer (bail

quite deface such cracked or fpoiled candles, and make an allowance of the duty hereby chargeable for the candles fo by him utterly defaced; any thing herein contained to the contrary a*ptwitbftapding« f	D	4	XXX.	And





On contract for candles before 14 March, 1709* the duty to be added to the price.

Small rufli-lights once dipped, not chargeable.

From 1 May 1710,64. for every 20s. of

Anno odtavo Ann®. c.9.	[1709*

XXX.	And whereas Jlanding controls may have been made before the fourteenth day of March, one thoufandfeven hundred and nine, by chandlers or other dealers in candles, for ferving publish offices, focietieSy or other persons with candles, to be delivered in point of time after the fold fir ft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, it is hereby enadked, That the persons ferving such candles, after the laid firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, in purfuance of such former contradls, shall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon such candles to the price thereof, and shall be intituled by virtue of this ad to be paid for the fame accordingly.

XXXI.	Provided always, That this ad shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge the duties herein before* mentioned, on such fmall ru(h lights as shall be made by any perfons, to be ufed in their own houfes only, fo as none of them be fold or delivered out, or be made for fale ; and fo as such fmall ru(h lights be only once dipped in, or once drawn through greafc or kitehin-ftuff, and not at all through any tallow melted or refined ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore^ faid. That there shall be throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, raifed, colleded, and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and

and Tid for’ A**ceff°rs> further rates, duties, and fums of money fol-evcry fum of lowing, that is to fay, the duty, rate, or fum of fix pence for above 50I. to every twenty (hillings, for every fum of fifty pounds or under, be paid for and the duty, rate, or fum of one (hilling, of every twenty apprentice ^	a'l	an<* cvety fum and Aims amounting to more

put our, for t*ian fifty pounds, which (hall, at any time or times, five years	from	and after	the firft day of May, one thousand feven hun-

madeperpe-	dred	and ten,	and during the term of five years from thence

tua^b	next	enfuing,	be given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with

£ 7nn*fC,2t' or in relation	to every clerk, apprentice, or fervant, which

To be paid by shall be, within the kingdom of Great Britain, put or placed the mafter. to or with any mafter or miftrefs to learn any profefiion, trade, or employment, and proportionally for greater or lefler Aims; which said duties, rates, and fums shall be paid by the said mailers or miftrefies refpedlively.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacled by the authority afore-faid. That for the better and more effectual levying, colledt-

Sthe^or^mif- *n6> aru* Pay*ng unto ^er Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, fionersof the the said duties after the rate of Ax pence, and one (hilling for damp duties, every such refpedlive fum of twenty (hillings, as aforesaid, the fame shall (pe under the government, care, and management of the commifiioners for the time being appointed to manage her Majefty’s duties on ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper ; snd the fame commifiioners shall employ and appoint such inferior officers as shall be ncceflary for managing and colledl-ing the duties laft-mentioned, and hereby granted, and for keeping accounts thereof, and for (lamping all such indentures and other writings, which are hereby required tQ be damped, as

here-

This duty to be under the





1709.]	Anno	odavo	Ann.®,	c. 9.	41

herein after is mentioned, and otherwlfe to ad in and relating tp the fame duties, as her Majefty's fervice in this behalf shall require ; and to caufe such fum and fums of money to be expended and paid, from time to time, out of the duties laft-men-tioned, and hereby granted, for falaries, and other incident charges, as shall be neceflary in and for the receiving, colleding, levying, or managing the fame duties during the said term, any thing in this alt contained to the contrary notwithttanding.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority To be paid to aforesaid, That the duties lau-mentioned, and hereby granted, the receiver shall be all paid or tranfmitted, from time to time, as this alt

direlts, into the hands of the receiver general for the time ^ L being of the said duties on ttampt vellum, parchment, and into the Ex* paper, who shall keep a feparate and dittind account thereof, chequer, and pay the fame into the receipt of the Exchequer of her Ma- wceW7* jefty, her heirs and fucceflors, weekly, on fVednefday in every week, unlefs it be an holy-day, and then the next day after which shall not be an holy-day, for the purpofes in this alt expreded, and under the like penalties, forfeitures, and dif-abilities, as are to be inflilted by this ad, for diverting or mif-applying any monies by this alt appropriated or appointed for repayment of loans, or fatisfadkm of intcreft monies as is herein after-mentioned.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the said firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, the full fum or fums of money received, or in any wife diredly or indiredly given, paid, agreed, or contradea for, during the term aforesaid, with or in relation to every such clerk, apprentice, and fervant, as aforesaid, (hall

be truly inferted and written in words at length, in fome inden- to be inferted ture or other writing, which shall contain the covenants, articles,in the inden-contrads, or agreements, relating to the fervice of such clerk, forfeiture of apprentice, or fervant, as aforesaid, and shall bear date upon double the the day of the (igning, fealing, or other execution of the fame; fum. upon pain that every matter or mittrefs, to or with whom, or to whofe ufe, any fum of money whatsoever shall be given, paid, fecured, or contraded, for or in refped of any such clerjc, apprentice, or fervant, as aforesaid, which shall not be truly and fully fo inferted and fpecified in fome such indenture, or other writing, (hall, for every such offence forfeit double the fum fo given, paid, fecured, or contraded for ; the one moiety of which forfeitures, shall be to her Majefty, her heirs or (uccefiors, and the other moiety, with full cofts, to any person or persons who shall inform ana fue for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record at JVeftminfter, or in the Exchequer of Scotland, at any time after the executing, making, or (igning of ahy such indenture or writing, or making any such contrad or agreement, and within one year after the time limited or appointed for the fervice of any such clerk, apprentice, or fervant, to or with such matter or mittrefs, shall be expired*

XXXVI.	And





4Z	Annaoftavo	Annje*	C.9.	[17*9,

Two new 1 XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* ftampts to be laid, That the said commiflioners for managing the said duties provided, &c. on ftanipt vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall, before the said firft day of Mayy one thoufaod (even hundred and ten, provide two new (lamps to be ufed in purfuance of this aCt, (over and befides the (lamps heretofore requifite for or in refpedl of such indenture, or other writing, by virtue of the (latutes in that cafe made) the one of which new (lamps (haU denote the said duty of fix pence in the pound, and the other of the said new (lamps shall denote the said duty of one (hilling in the pound; and that all such indentures, or other writings, containing the (urns truly given, paid, agreed, or contracted for, as aforesaid, which (hall, within or during the said term of five years, be entred into, executed, or figned, within the cities of London or . Wtftminfleri or within the limits of the bills of mortality, shall be brought to the head office for (lamping or marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, and the duties hereby charged and payable for the fums therein to be inferted, as aforesaid, shall be paid to the receiver general for the time being, of the said duties on (lampt vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon such payment thereof, the fame, shall be (lamped with one of the said pew (lamps, as the cafe shall require, within one month after the refpedive dates thereof.

Indentures'to XXXVII. And be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, be brought to That all the said indentures, and other writings, which shall or the head of- ought to contain the whole fum truly given, paid, agreed, or amonthsaf- CQntra^e^ ft>r» as aforesaid, which (hall, within or during the ter date, * said term of five years, be entred into, executed, or figned, in any part of Gnat Britain, (not being within the limits of the faia weekly bills of mortality) shall (at the option of the party concerned) be brought or fent, either to the head office within the limits of the said weekly bills, or elfe to fome of the collectors, appointed or to be appointed for her Majefty’s duties upon iUmpt vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall refide without the limits of the said weekly bills, in England, IVaks^ or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or to fome of the officers to be appointed for the duties by this aCt granted in Scotland^ within two months after the date, execution, or figning of every such indenture, or writing respectively; and upon producing of every such indenture or writing, either at the said head office, or to such collector, or other officer, as aforesaid, her Majefty’s duties hereby granted shall be paid, either to the said receiver general at the said head office, or to such colle&or and there the or other officer as aforesaid; and in cafe the said payment (haU duty to be be made to the immediate hands of the receiver general in the Senturtf	^ead °®ce’ f°r Majefty’s ufe, then the indenture or

ftampMrc. writing, for which such payment shall be made, shall be forth-or the collect-'with (tamped with one of the said new (lamps, as the cafe or to endoHe shall require; and in cafe such payment shall be made to the a receipt, &c. hands of such collector, or other officer, without the limits of the said weekly bills, the fame collector pr other officer is here-

by

 t^ooQle

43

1709.]	Anpo o&frvo Ann^. c.9;

by required to endorfe on such indenture or other writing, a receipt for the monies fo paid, in words at length, bearing date the day on which such payment shall be made, and to fub-fcribe his name thereto, (to the intent that he may thereby be charged with every fum lo paid to him) and forthwith deliver back the said indenture or writing fo endorfed to the bringer thereof.

XXXVIII.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority afore- within what faid. That every such indenturcror writing fo endorfed (in cafe time inden-the fame be entred into, executed or iigned within the fpace *urcs ** of fifty miles, to be computed from the limits of the faid1Umpt# weekly bills of mortality) (hall, within three months after

the date or making thereof, and if the fame be entred into, executed or figned in any part of Great Britain at a greater difiance from the limits aforesaid, (hall, within six months after the date or making thereof, be brought or fent to the said head office, where the fame (being produced with the said receipt endorfed) shall be immediately (lamped with one of the said new (lamps, as the cafe shall require, by the officer appointed, to be appointed for that purpofe.

XXXIX.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- . ,

faid. That all such indentures or writings, as aforesaid, wherein ^hkh th^fun shall not be truly inferted and written the full fum and fums Aim received, of money received, or in any wife diredlly or indiredUy given, isnotcharged, paid, fecured, or contracted for, with, or in relation to such V0ld* clerk, apprentice, or fervant, as aforesaid, or whereupon the duties payable by this adt shall not be duly paid, or lawfully tendred, or which shall not be (lamped, or lawfully tendred to be (lamped, according to the tenor and true meaning of this adt, within the refpedtive times herein for that purpofe feverally and refpedlively limited, shall be void, and not available in any court or place, or to any purpofe whatfoever, and the clerk, apprentice, or fervant, whom the fame shall concern or relate to, shall in such cafe be utterly incapable of being free of any And clerk, &c. city, town, corporation, or company, and of following or incapacitated, exercifing the intended profefiion, trade, or employment; any charter, law, or cufiom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained shall be conftrued to extend to charge any mafter or miftrefspublickcha-with the payment of any of the said duties, in refpedt of any nties not money by him or her received with any apprentice or fervant, charged, who shall be put or placed out at the common or publick charge of any parilh or townlhip, or by or out of any publick charity, or to require the (lamping with any such new (lamp, as aforesaid, of any indenture, articles, covenant, agreement, or contradt relating to such apprentice or fervant as lad-mention* ed; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithfianding.

XLI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person shall forge or counterfeit the said ncw

damps to be provided in pursuance of this adt, or either of arap8 c °#n^

then?, ot iinprefs any vellum, parchment, or paper with any

fuch





Anno o6kz.ro Ann&. c.g.	[1709;

Inch counterfeit damp, or counterfeit any receipt for any monies payable by virtue of this act, every such perfon, being convidted of any of the offences before-mentioned, shall be adjudged a felon, and fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XLII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That every commiifioner and officer, who fhall adt in or about the managing or colledting the duties lad-mentioned, and hereby granted, (hall, before he shall adt in or about the fame, take the oath following;, that is to fay,

The oath* T A. B. do [wear, That I will faithfully execute the trujl repofed JL in me purfuant to the aft of parliament, intituled, An ad for laying certain duties upon candles, and certain rates upon monies to be riven with clerks and apprentices, towards railing her Majefty’s iupply, for the year one thousand feven hundred and ten, without fraud or concealment; and /hall from time to time true account make of my doings therein, and deliver the fame to such person or perfom as her Majejly, her heirs and fucceffors, /hall appoint to receive such account; and /hall take no fee, reward, or profit for the execution or performance of the said trujl, or the bufinefs relating thereto, from any person or persons, other than such as /haU, be paid or allowed by her Majejly, her heirs and fucceffors, or fome other person or persons under her or them to that purpofe authorized.

Which oath shall and may be adminidered by any two or more of the commiffioners lad-mentioned, or any judice of the peace.

No indenture XLIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, to be admitted That no indenture or writing required by this ad to be damp-in evidence, ^ as aforesaid, shall be given or admitted in evidence in any sna&^the to brought by any of the parties thereunto, unlefs such duns really	party, on whofe behalf the fame shall be given or admitted in

paid. See.	evidence, do fird make oath, that to the bed of his or her

knowledge, the fum or fums therein for that purpofe inferted or mentioned was or were really and truly all that was diredly or indiredly given, paid, fecured, or contraded for, on behalf or in refped of such clerk, apprentice, or fervant, to or for the benefit of the mader or miftrefs to or with whom such clerk, apprentice, or fervant was put or placed.

CommifTion- XLIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, erstoobferve That the said commiffioners for managing the said duties on the orders of ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and all other officers who the trealury.	impi0yecj	jn	or	about	the colleding or managing of the

duties lad-mentioned, and hereby granted, fhall in and for the better execution of their feveral offices and truds, obferve and perform such rules, methods, and orders, as they refpedively fhall I from time to time receive from the lord high treafurer now being or the lord high treafurer of the Exchequer, or commiffioners No fee for of the treafury for the time being; and that no fee or reward (haU be demanded or taken by any her Majefty’s officers, relating

H*

CommifTion-ers to be fwoni s



i7°9-]

Anno oftavo Ann^e. c.g.

45

lating to the said (lamp duties, from any of her Majefty’s fub- p®cer neg-jefts, for any matter or thing to be done in purfuance of this aft; and in cafe any officer intruded, or to be intruded in the full damages execution of this alt, in relation to the said damp duties, shall and treble refufe or negleft to perform any matter or thing by this aft re-^od** quired to be done or performed by him, whereby any of her Majefty’s fubjefts shall or may fudain any damage whatfoever, such officer fo offending shall be liable, by any aftion to be founded on this datute, to anfwer to the party grieved all such damages with treble cods of fuit.

XLV. And be it declared and further enafted by the autho- Where any rity afore faid. That from and after the said fird day of Afayy one thing shall be thousand feven hundred and ten, and during the laid five years, S5**11 to any where any thing or things, not being lawful money of Great J^n^monev, Britain, shall direftly or indireftly be given, affignecj, conveyed, the full value delivered, contracted for, or fecured, to or for the ufe or of such thing benefit of any mader or midrefs, with or in refpeft of any fuch1® clerk, apprentice, or fervant, for whom a duty is chargeable by*ie##or c u" this aft; the duties hereby granted and lad-mentioned shall be anfwercd and paid for the full value or values of such thing or things, and the fame duties for the said values shall be fecured and anfwered in the fame manner and form, and under the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacities, as are before in this aft provided for fecuring the said rates upon monies given or paid, or agreed to be given or paid, with such clerks, apprentices, or fervants, as aforesaid.

" XLVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted by authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and forclaufe of 5 any person and perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or 500,0001. at corporate, to advance and lend unto her Majefty, at the receipt6 V*r ccnW of her Majefty’s Exchequer, upon credit of the laid feveral duties, rates, and fums of money by this aft granted, and to be raifed in the feveral parts of Great Britain, as aforesaid, any fums which shall not exceed in the whole the fum of five hundred thousand pounds, and to have and receive for the forbearance thereof, intereft after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum ; and moreover. That no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this aft, shall be rated or affefled by virtue of this aft, or any other aft of parliament whatfoever.

XLVII. And it is hereby further enafted. That all and every lenders to person or persons, who shall lend any money upon the credit of have tallies this aft, and pay the fame into the said receipt of Exchequer, and order* shall immediately have af talley of loan (truck for the fame, and ftruck, &c. an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tallies; in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, at the rate aforesaid, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and that all such orders for repayment of money to be lent, shall be regiftred in courfe, according to the dates refpeftively, without other preference of one before another; and that all and every perfon

and





No fee to be demanded.

No undue

Anno oftavo Annje. c.9.	[1709.

and persons shall be paid in courfe, according as their orders shall ftand regiftred in the (aid regifter books, fo as the (kid per-fon, native or foreigner, his executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-fprs, or afligns, who shall have order or orders firft entred in the said refpedtive books of regifter, shall be taken and accounted the firft person to be paid out of the monies to come in by virtue of this adt; and he or they who shall have his or their order or orders next entred, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and fo fucceflively, and in courfe; and that the monies to come in by this a<5t, of or for the said feveral duties, rates, and fums of money to be raifed in Great. Britain, as aforesaid, shall be in the fame order liable to the fa-tisfadtion of the monies to be lent, as aforesaid, to the refpec-tive parties, ^ their executors, adminiftrators, .fucceflors, or af-figns refpedtively, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities herein after mentioned; and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredtly or indiredtly, be demanded or taken of any her Majefty’s fubjedts, for providing or making of any such books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearch, in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof, as aforesaid, by any of her Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies; on pain of payment of treble damages to the party aggrieved by the party offending, with treble colts of fuitj or if the officer himfelf take or demand any such fee or reward, then he shall also lofe his place or office; and if any undue preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of • regiftry or payment, or if any of the said money shall be diverted or mifapplied contrary to the true meaning of this adt, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by adtion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with damages and cofts to the party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his office or place; ana if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredtions or privity of his matter, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such adtion, debt, damages, and cofts, and shall be for ever after incapable of his place or office; and m cafe the auditor of the receipt lhall not diredt the order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment according to each per-fon’s due place and order, as before diredted, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedtive deputies ana clerks herein offending, to be liable to such adtion, debt, and cofts, in such manner, as aforesaid; all which said penalties, forr feitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any of the officers of the Exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjlcr> wherein no effoin, protedtion, privilege, wager of law, injundtion, or order of reftraint, shall be in any wife granted or allowed...

£LVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That 6	if

,	Digitized	by	

\ *

1709.J	Anno o&avo Ann^e. c. 10—12.	47

if it happen that fcveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment, Whatfballnot as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the audi-tor of the receipt to be regiftred, then it shall be interpreted no rcnge# undue preference which of thofe be entred firft, fo as he enters them ail the fame day.

XLIX. Provided alfo. That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur'any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor direft, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders to persons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders before other persons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money reserved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which {hall not be otherwise difpofed, but kept for them, intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time money is fo referred and kept in bank for them.

L. And be it further enadted. That all and every person and Orders affign-perfons to whom any money shall be due for loans to be re- *hlc. giftred by virtue of this aft, after order entred in the book of • regifter, as aforesaid, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns^ by proper words of alignment, to be endorfed and written upon his order, may affign or transfer his right, title, intereft, and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt afore-faid, and an entry or memorial thereof also ma<}e in the book ..of regiftry aforesaid for orders, which the officers (hall, upon re-queft, without fee or charge accordingly make, shall entitle such aflignee, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereupon; and such affigntd may, in like manner, affign again, and fo toties quotiesy and afterwards it shall not be in the power of fucli person or persons who have or hath made such alignments, to make void, releafe, and discharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

CAP. X.

An act to continue the aft for punifliing mutiny and defertum, andior the better payment of the afmy and quarters. E X P.

CAP. XI.

An act to explain fo much of the aft for prohibiting the exportation of x Cf corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and (larch, and lew wines, fpirits, f -worts, and wa(h drawn from malted com; by which aft the (kid commodities are admitted to be carried from tne ifle of Wight to feveral markets; and for giving liberty to export certain quantities of oatmeal for the ufes of theBritifn hofpitals beyond the Teas.

After the second of March, 1710. it (hail be lawful to export com of the growth of the ifle of Wight to Southampton, &c.in any veflel whatib-cver, but not elfewhere, taking such cocquets, &c. as by the former aft. After 1 March, 1710. any person having a licence from the Queen, may export oatmeal, not exceeding 400 bulhels for Holland, not exceeding 200 bulhels to Barcelona, and not exceeding the like quantity to Lisbon, for the ufe of the Britifli troops in thofe pjaces. EXP.

CAP. XII.

An act for making a convenient dock or bafon at Leverpoole, for the iccurity of all imps trading to and from the said port of Leverpoole.

After





Ahno o&avo Anna. c. 12.	[1709;

After 14 June, 1710. the piece of ground minted by the mayor, &c.of Leverpoole, for making a wet dock, (haU tor ever remain to that ufe. The laid mayor, See. impowered to make* a wet dock. After the said . a^th of June, for it years, shall be paid to the said mayor, &c. for every (hip, Sec. (except the Queen’s) the rates following: For every (hip trading between the said port and St. David’s Head, or Carlifle, for every tun two pence $ trading between St. David's Head and the lands end, or beyond Carlifle, to any part in or on this fide the Shetlands, or to ana from the ifle of Man, for every tun three pence ; trading to Ireland, for every tun four pence j trading up the Queen’s channel beyond the lands end, or beyond the Shetlands, for every tun four pence j trading to Norway, Denmark, Holftein, Holland, Hamburgh, Flanders, or any part of France without the (freights of Gibraltar, or the iflanda of Jerfey or Guernfey, for every tun eight pence; trading to Newfoundland, Greenland, Ruflia, and within the Baltick, Portugal, and Spain without the Streights, Canaries, Maderas, Wertern Iiles, Azores, for every tun twelve pence 5 and for every (hip trading to the Weft Indies, Virginia, or any other part of America, Africa, Europe, or Afia, within the Streights, or not named before, any part of Africa without the Streights, or Cape de Verde ides, for every tun one (hilling and fix pence. The mayor, Sec. shall be truftees and make by-laws.

' No cuftom-houfe officer to make out any cocquet for any (hip, Sec. till the said duties are paid. The mafter to produce an acquittance tellify-ing the receipt thereof. The collector may go on board any (hip to demand the duties, and if refufed may diftrain the (hip, See. And if not paid in ten days, then to be appraifed and fold, returning the overplus. No diftref9 till ten days after demand. The col left or to keep a . book fo enter receipts and payments, and to deliver in his accounts upon oath, Sec. The mayor, &c. may convey the duties, as a fecurity for any fum of money, not exceeding 6000I. After the s+th of June,

' 1711. no ballaft. Sec. to be thrown into the dock, on penalty of a fine ~ not to exceed 5I. The mayor. Sec. may put in or difplace any col-leftor, Sec. direct the payments, and infpeft the accounts, call the col-leftore, Sec. before them, and levy the arrears, if any, by diftrefs and fafe, and for want of diftrefs, commit to gaol, till paid, or fecurity

Sven to pay. Not to extend to hinder the mayor, Sec. from enjoying e wafte ground, or building cranes, Scc. After the expiration of the ai years, one fourth of the duties shall be paid to the mayor, Sec. Nine commiifioners to be appointed to infpeft the accounts; who may call the colleftors, Sec. before them, and order the difpofal of the monies $ * end (hall* meet at Levefpoole. Ships forced in not to be charged. Nor (hips to or from Chefter, Saving to the said corporation, all franchifes,&c. not herein provided for. Penons filed may plead the general iflue, and give this aft in evidence ; and shall recover full cofts. To be taken as a publick aft. Continued by 3 Geo. i. not printed, and by 11 Geo. s. c. 3a*

CAP.

 v^ooQie

*7°9‘]

Anno o&avo Ann.®. C.13.’.	49

CAP, XIII.

Ati	afl for continuing	feveral additional

tions, and duties upon goods	,to money by

way of loan,for the fervice of the year one tboufand hundred and ten ; and for taking off the overfea duty oH coals exported in Britilh bottomsand for better preventing frauds in drawbacks upon certificate goods •, and

certaining the duties of corans imported in Venetian Jhips; and to give further time to foreign merchants for exportation 6f certain foreign goods imported-, and to limit a time for profecutions upon certain bonds given by merchants ; and for continuing certain fees of the officers 6f the cuftoms; and to prevent imbezilments by such officers and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majefty; and far replacing monies paid or to be paid for making good any deficiencies on the annuity alts; and for encouragement ■■'to raife naval Jlores in her Majefty s plantations and to give further time for regiftring	as is therein

mentioned.

MOST gracious fovereign, we your Majefty’s moft dutiful FortbeappR-and loyal fubjcfts, the commons of Great Britain, in °J iff parliament aubmbled, for the better enabling your Maiefty to defray the charge of this present war, and to finifh the fame Set 9 Anne, as fucccfsfully as the said war hath hitherto (through the Divine c. si. f. 6. goodnefs) been carried on, and for other your Majefty’s moft neceflary and important occaiions, have cheerfully and una-nimoufly given and granted, and do by this aft give and grant to your Majefty the feveral and refpeftive fubfidies, irnpofi-tions, and duties herein after particularly defcribed, for and during the terms herein after exprefled j and do moil humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it Impofitioni cat enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with wjnM anjf the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and tbercontioued commons, in this present parliament ailembled, and by au«- tp Aug. 1710, thority of the fame. That the feveral impofitions and duties made upon wines and vinegar, granted by an act made in the firft tuai A*1®* year of the reign of his late majesty King James the Second, *•.*£ “ j; intituled. An act for granting to his Majefty an impofttion upon all 1 '	**

wines and vinegar imported between the twenty fourth day of June, one tboufand fix hundred eighty five, and the four and twentieth day of June, one tboufand fix hundred ninety three, which said aft < by feveral fubfequent afts of parliament fince made, was continued, and is to continue until the firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, shall by virtue of this aft be further continued, and be payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all wines, and vinegar, which shall be imported into Great Britain, from the laft day of Juh, one thousand feven hundred and fixteen,

Voi. XII* E(o





50	Annoo&avo Ann,®, c.	I1?0?*

to the firft day of Augujl, one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and no longer; and that the said adt fo made in the firft i Ja. a. c. 3. year of the reign of the said late King James the Second, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, tor or concerning the laid impofitions on wines and vinegar, shall continue and be in full force and effedl until the said firft day of Augujl, one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and shall be applied, pradtifed, and executed, for raifing, levying, collecting, anfwering, and paying the said duties upon wines and vinegar hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this present adt, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the claufes, matters, and things in the said adt of the firft year of the reign of the said King James the Second contained, had been again in this adt repeated and particularly enadted.

Impofitions on U. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That thercmitiivued^6 ratcs> duties, and impofitions upon all forts of tobacco, to 1 Aug. 17*0. granted by an adt made in the firft year of the reign of the said 1 Jac. ». c. 4. late King James the Second, intituled. An aff for granting to madt perpetual fa Majefiy <m impofition upon all tobacco andfugar imported between £	.	the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fix hundred eighty five9

9 *3’ and the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety three, which said adt, as for and concerning the said duties and impofitions upon tobacco only, by feveral fubfequent adts of parliament fince made, was continued, and is to continue until the firft day of Augujl, one thousand feven hundred and fixteert, shall by virtue of this adt be further continued and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all tobacco to be imported into Great Britain, from the said laft day of Julyy one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, to the firft day of Augujl) one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and no longer. Duties onto- III. Provided always, and be it enadted and declared by the as by aut^ority aforesaid, That the said duty upon tobacco, which 7 Sc Vw. 3.C. shall be imported within the times by this adt limited, and all

lo.	arrears thereof, shall be fecured, collected, raifed, levied, an-

fwered, and paid -to her Majefty, in such method, and with such difeount and allowances, and according to such rules and directions, and under such penalties, as are mentioned, referred to, or preferibed (as to the duties or impofitions on tobacco) in and by the adt made in the parliament holden in the feventh year of the reign of King William the Third, (of glorious memory) intituled. An oft for continuing feveral duties granted by former afts upon wine, vinegar, and tobacco, and Eaft India goodsy and other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war againjl France, and not otherwise.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That the feveral additional and other rates, impofitions, duties, and charges upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes granted by an adt made in the second year of the reign of King ^ William the Third and Queen Mary, intituled. An all for ZlfyfAnnXfi^ting to their Majejlies certain impofitions upon all Eaft India c. ai. f. 1. goods and merchandizes, and upon all wrought filks% and feveral other



Old impoft &c. further continued to x Aug. 1710. a W. Sc M. ft- a. c. 4. made perpetu

17°9-1	Anno	odavo Anna. c. 131	5*

goods and merchandizes to be imported after the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufandfix hundred and ninety, and which thereby, and by feveral ads of parliament already made, have continuance until the firft day of Augufty one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, shall be further continued and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon the like commodities to be imported into Great Britain, from the laid laft day of July> one thpufand feven hundred and fixteen, to the firft day of Augufi, one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and no longer; and that the said ad made in the fecohd year of their lato Majefties reign concerning Eaft India goods, and other things therein charged, and all powers, provifions, penalties,articles, and daufes therein contained, shall continue and be of full force and effect until the firft day of Augufty one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and shall be applied, pradifed, and executed, for the raif-ing, levying, collecting, anfwering, and paying the said refpedive duties hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this prelent ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid.iaft-mentioned ad, and all and every the daufes, matters, and things therein contained, had been again repeated and particularly cnaded; except only as to such part of the said ads concerning the said impofitions on wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eqft India goods, and other merchandizes imported, touching which other provifions or alterations are made by any ad or ads of parliament now in force; which other provifions or alterations are to be obferved, and to continue during 7 & g the continuance of this ad, and the said ad, intituled. An alt c. io. made for continuing feveral duties granted by former alls upon winf andperutual by vinegary and upon tobacco and Eaft India goods; and other merchan- j? ^nn* c# al* dizes imported, for carrying on the war againfi France, and every # u article, claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, for the railing, levying, fecuring, anfwering, and paying the impofitions and duties on the merchandizes and commodities thereby charged, and which are by this ad continued, shall be of full force and cffed until the laid firft day of Aurufi^ one thousand feven hundred and twenty.	-	"	r

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid,^Additional That the additional and other rates, duties, impofitions, and charges upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes grant- to^Aug.Aio. cd by an ad of parliament made in the fourth year of their said 5 w.& M, late Majefties reign, intituled. An alt for granting to their Ma~ c. 5. tellies certain additional impofitions upon Jeveral goods 'and merchan- perutu-aizesy for profccuting the trefent war againfi France, which by ^	^ ^

feveral fubfequent ads or parliament already made, have con- * tinuance until the firft day of Augufty one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, (hall, by virtue of this ad, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, throughout Great Britain^ from the laft day of July* w one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, to the firft day of gufiy one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and no longer; and that the said ad laft mentioned, and all the powers, pro-yifionsj penalties, articles, and daufes therein contained, (ex-

 '

Duties on whale-fins, further continued to i Aug. 17*0. 9 & 10 W. 3. c. 4c. made perpt

52	Anno	oftavo Ann A. c. 13.	[ 1709;

cept as herein after is excepted and provided) as for and concerning the said rates, duties, and impofitions, shall continue and be in full force and effell, until the said fird day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and shall be applied,* pra&ifed, and executed, for the railing, levying, cplle&ing, answering, and paying the said duties hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this pre-fent alt, as if the said lad-mentioned alt, and all and every the claufes, matters, and things, therein mentioned, had been a-gain repeated, and particularly enalted in this present alt. Provided alfo, That in all cafes where any other provifion or alteration is made by any alt or alts of parliament now in being, in or about any other matter or thing contained in the said alt of parliament for the impofitions lad-mentioned, such other pro-vifions or alterations fhall be obferved, during the continuance of the term herebv granted; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And it is hereby further enalted, That the feveral impofitions and duties, for and upon all whale-fins imported,' which by an alt of parliament, in the ninth year of the reign of his said late majedy King William the Third, intituled. An act for taking away half the duties impofed on glafs zvafes, and the whole duties lately laid on Jlone and earthern wares9 and tobacco pipes» fust by 9“Ann. an^ for lranttni in ^eu thereof new duties on whale-fins and Scotch c. si. ifi.	lineny	were granted to his said late majedy King William,	and

by fubfequent alts already paded, have continuance' until the fird day of Augufi9 one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, shall be, and are hereby continued and payable to her Majedy, her heirs and fucceffors, upon all whale-fins to be imported into Great Britain, from the lad day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, to the fird day of Auguft9 one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and no longer; and shall beraifed, levied, collelled* and paid in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and under such penalties, as are mentioned in the said all for granting the said impofitions on whale-fins, and Scotch linen; which all with all the powers, provifoes, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, or thereby referred to, fhall continue, and be in full force, until the said fird day of Augufi9 one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and fhall be applied, prallifed, and put in execution, for raifing and levying the said duties on whale-fins hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, as fully and edeHually as if all the claufes, matters, and things therein contained, concerning the said duties on whale-fins, were repeated, and again en-alled in the body of this present all. c* 3* VII. And whereas the said impofitions on wines9 vinegary and tobacco, which were firfi granted to King James the Second, in the firjl year of his reign, and the said impofitions on Ead India goods 9 and other goods charged therewith, which were firfi granted to their -	late	majefiies	King	William and Queen Mary, in the second year

fW. 3. c.45. their reign, and the said additional impofitions which were firfi granted to them9 in the fourth year of their reign^ and thejaid duties

	en

1 Jac.*

& 4-a W. & M. Jeff. c. 4. 4 W. k M. c. 5

*7°9-3	Anfto	o&avo	Ann^e. c. 13.	53

on whale-fins imported, which were granted to his find late majesty King William, in the ninth year of his reign, were by feveral Jub-fequent aits of parliament continued, with fiome exceptions and alterations, as aforesaid, until the firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and fix teen, in the manner therein mentioned, and are thereby made fubjeil and liable (together with such other duties as are therein exprejfed to the fatisfaition of feveral principal fums which were borrowed, or authorized to be borrowed, upon thofe ails re-fpeHively, and the interefi due, and to be due for the fame, which principal and interefi are to be duly paid off and difiharged in the firft place: now it is hereby farther declared and enacted by the After the authority aforesaid. That from and immediately after the time principal, &c, that all the principal and intereft monies, which by the said for- °*thc *®!S?er mer ads, or any of them, are charged or chargeable on the charged the feveral impofitions and duties Jaft particularly mentioned (joint- feveral duties ly with other duties) as aforesaid, shall be fully paid off and fa- appropriated tisfied according to the true meaning of the said former ads, or f°f th® ufcs that fufficient money shall be referved in the Exchequer for thattbl* a * purpofe; then all the monies which from thenceforth shall arife by the said impofitions upon wines, vinegar, and tobacco, which were firft granted to King James the Second, in the firft year of his reign, and the said impofitions on Eaft India goods, and other goods charged therewith, which were firft granted to their late maiefties King William and Queen Mary, in the second year of their reign, and the said additional impofitions which were firft granted to them in the fourth year of their reign, and the said duties on whale-fins imported, which were granted to his late majesty King William, in the ninth year of his reign, for the remainders of the terms formerly granted* and therein then to come and unexpired (except the neceflary charges of railing, levying, collecting, and accounting for the fame) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of the Exchequer diftindly, for the purpofes in this ad expreffed, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe, whatfoever.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au- Borrowing . thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and forclaufe at 6L any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or cent* corporate, to advance or lend to her Majefty, at the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer, as well upon credit of the above-mentioned impofitions and duties by this ad granted or continued, as also upon credit of the monies which by the feid former ads, after fatisfadion of the principal and intereft thereupon, as aforesaid, shall arife by the impofitions and duties thereby granted, any fums which shall not exceed in the whole, one million two hundred ninety fix thousand five hundred fifty two pounds, nine lhillings, and eleven pence, three farthings, for the Service of the war, ahd other her Majefty’s occafions 5 and that all the lenders of such fums refpedively shall have and receive intereft, for the forbearance thereof, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum ; and that no money to be lent upon the fccurity of this ad, shall be taxed; rated, or aflefled by any ad of parliament whatfoever,

E 3	IX,	And

 vjjOO^ 1C

54

Lenders to have tallies and orders.

No fee for entries, &c.

No undue preference, &c.

Anno oftavo Anna. c. i 3.	[1709J

IX.	And it is hereby further enadcd, That all and every person or persons, who shall lend any money upon such credit, as aforesaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a talley of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the famejdate with his, her, or their tallies; in or upon which order shall also be contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, at the rate aforesaid, and to be paid cveiy three months, until repayment of the principal; and that all luch orders for repayment of money to be lent, shall be re-giftred in courfe, according to their dates refpedively, without other preference of the one before another; and that all and every person or persons shall be paid in courfe, according as their orders shall (land regiftred in the said regifter book, fo as the said perfon, native or foreigner, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, who shall have his, her, pr their order or orders firil entred in the (aid refpedive books of regifter, shall be taken and accounted the firft person to be paid out of the monies to come in by this adj and he, she, or they who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entred, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and fo fucceftively, and in courfe; and that the monies to come in, of or for the feveral impofitions or duties by this ad granted or continued, as aforelaid, as also the monies, which by the said former ads (after fatisfadion of the principal and intereft thereupon, as aforesaid) shall arife by the impofitions and duties thereby granted, as aforesaid, shall be liable in the fame order to the fatisfadion of the monies to be lent, as aforesaid, to the refpedive parties, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and aftigns refpedively, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfocver; and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredlyor in-diredly, be demanded or taken of any of her Majefty’s fubjeds, for providing or making of any such books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearch, in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof, as aforesaid, by any of her Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with treble cods of fuit j or if the officer himfelt take or demand any such fee or reward, then he shall also lofe his place or office $ or if any undue preference of one before another shall be madf either in point of regiftry or payment, or if any of the said mot ney shall be diverted or mifapplied contrary to the true meaning of this ad, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by adion of debt, or on the cale, to pay the value of the debt, with damages and cofts to the party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his office and place * and if such preference bo unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without the diredion or privity of his mafter, then luch deputy or clerk only (lull be liable to such adion, debt, damages,

an4

i

' 

»7©9*J	Aimaofbrvt)	Amn.®.	c.	13.	55

and cofts, and fhall be for ever after incapable of his place and officeand in cafe the auditor of the receipt fhall not diredl, or the clerk; of the pells record, or the teller make payment ac- . cording to each perfon’s due place and order, as before diredted, then he or they fhall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedtive deputies and clerks herein offending, to be Sable to such action, debt, and cofts, in such manner, as aforesaid; all which said penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any of the officers of the Exchequer, or any of their deputiee or clerks, fhall and may be recovered b adtion of debt, bill,

. fiiit, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlmnfttr^ wherein no eftoin, protediion, privilege, or wager or law,. injunction, or order of reftraint,' fhall in any wife be granted or allowed. '

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That if it What than not happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as be interpreted aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor “n°“e pr"er’ of the receipt to be regiftred, then it fhall be interpreted no un- en * due preference which of thofe he entred firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day. Provided alfo. That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor diredt, or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers do pay fubfequent orders to persons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their.orders in their courfe, fo as that there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (ball not be otherwise difpofed, but kept for them, intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

XL And be it further enadted. That all and every person Orders affigau and persons to whom any money fhall be due for loans to be regiftred by virtue of this adt, after order entred in the book of regifter, as aforesaid, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by proper words of aflignment, to be endorfed and written upon his order, may affign or transfer his right, title, intereft, and benefit of such order or any part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of reeiftry aforesaid, for orders, which tba officer fhall, upon requeft, without ftp or charge accordingly make, fhall entitle such affignee, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such affignee may, in like manner, affign again, and fo quotits; and afterwards it fhall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or bath made such aflignment, to make void, releafe,	,

and discharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due,' or any part thereof.

XII.	And	whereas in and by me ail of the fifth year tf her Ma- 5 Ann. c. 17.

jefly's reign, a credit was given for any fums not exceeding eight £ **•

hundred twenty two thtufandthree hundred eighty one	, fifteen £ c ’®*

£ 4	Ann.	c.	S,

5$	Apno	ofltavo	Annje.	c/ij;	tr7°9-

fallings and fix pence farthing; and by another aft of the ftxth year 6f her Majefly's reign,' a further credit was given for any fums not exceeding feven hundred twenty nine thousand and Jixty feVen pounds, fifteen fallings, and fix pence three farthings $ and by another aft of thefeventh year of her Majefly's reign, a further credit was given for any fums, not exceeding fix hundred forty five thoufand'pounds, to be borrowed upon thofeafts refpeftively, at an interefi, after the rate ■	Of fix pounds per centum per annum, upon the feveral fubfidtes,

smpofitions, and duties in the fame afts refpeftively mentioned; and the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are by the fame afts refpeftively authorized and direftjtd to caufe the officers of the Exchequer to receive from time to time, by way of loan, at the like inter (ft, at the said receipt, qny further fum or fums of money, as fhould be fufficient to make good the payment of all the intereft monies appointed or allowed by the fame afts refpeftively, every three months* until the fubfdies, impofitions, and duties therein mentioned should •come into the Exchequer, and be fufficieiH for that purpofe,* purfuant to the intent and true meaning of the fame afts refpeftively r now it is hereby pro-This aft not vided and enafted by the authority rforefaki, That nothing in to prejudice this aft contained (nail extend, or be conftrued to extend to oftheafts^	the taking away, altering, or leflening the said powef and di-

5, 6, & 7	reftion of borrowing monies to make the payment of the faid

Anns#	rntereft' monies every three months, until the said fubfidies, im-

|>ofitions, and duties^ in the said refpeftive afts mentioned, Khali come in, and be fufficient for that purpofe, as aforesaidi or m any wife to alter or prejudice the fecurity given by the said Jeveral afts of the fifth, fixth, and feventh years of her Maje-ftyV reign, or any of them, for the payment and fatisfaftion of the fame, or any other principal and intereft. monies, which were fecured, or intended to be fecured by the fanle afts refpec-tivefy ; but that the orders for the. fame shall be regifhtd ini eburfe, and paid in the fame manner, upon each and every of thofe afts, as if this aft had never been made; this present aft,* or any thing therein contained, or any other matter or thing <what(oever to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fifth year c* 7*	of the reign of their fatd late majefiies King William and Queen

Mary, intituled. An act for granting to their Majefties certain •rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for feduring certain recompehces and advantages in the said aft mentioned, Jto such persons as shall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thousand pounds towards carrying ori the war against France, certain duties upon fait, and rock fait, were granted from the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix hundred ninety four, until the feventeenth day of May, one thoujani fix hundred ninety feven; and by an act made in the Jeventb 7 & 8 \y. 3, yCar cf the reign of k\s said late majefiy King William, intituled An act for continuing to his Majefiy certain duties upon fait, glafs wares, (tone and earthen wares, and for granting 'feveral duties upon tobacco pipes, and other earthen wares, for carry-•	‘	ing





57

’«7€Jk|	* Anno Odavo Anna*, c. ig.

Jng ofrthfc war agtinft France, and for eftaUithing a national hnd bank, and for taking off the duties upon tonnage of (hips, and upon coal*^ 'the fame rates and duties upon fait\ and rock fait, were granted or continued to be paid to his said late Majejlyi his heirs and fucaJforsy Kings and Queens of England, for ever; and	-

by an act made tn the firfi year ofler now Majefty's reign, intituled, * ^ u An act for making good deficiencies, and for preferving tho publick credit, thejatd hereditary duties upon fait and rock fait are fdmongfl other things) appropriated and directed to be applied towards making good certain deficient funds therein mentioned, by the payment and fatisfaftion of all the principal monies thereuponr then really due, and all interejl monies due and to grow due for the fame,’ in the manner therein mentioned, as by the fame afls may feverally appear: now to the end a provision may be made for or towards the better payment of the intereft monies, which shall grow diie by this present aft every three months, for all the monies which shall be advanced or lent thereupon} it is hereby further enadt^

*d by the authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after After aM the ifce time that all the principal and intereft monies fecured by the monfccur-faid aft of« the (irfk year or her said Majefty's reign, intituled, T Annr^ar* An a& for mdking good deficiencies, and for preferving the publick paid off, then eredii% shall be folly paid off and fetisfied, or that fufficient mo- the duties on flies shall be referved in the Exchequer for that purpofe, then all the monies which from thenceforth until the feid firft day 0,aij be appii-bf Augufty which (haH be in the year of oUr Lord one thOufand ed to this aft. feven hundred tirid fixteen, fhall arife, or be due, or payable* or be fecured, or it* artear, of and/or the fotefeid duties upon falty and rock fait, granted or continued by the said act of the ftvcnth year of the reign of his* bid late majesty King William •the .Third, as aforesaid (except thoneceflary charges of railing,

•levying, Collecting, and accounting for the feme) (hail, from, rime to time be paid into the receipt of Exchequer, and shall be iffued and applied,’fo far as the fame will extend, to and for the payment and fetfefaftion of the intereft which (hall, from time to time, grow due for thb monies which shall be lent upon or in purfuance of this aft, or of any the powers or daufes therein "contained, and to none other ufe,' intent, or piarpofc whatfb-Cver; any law Or statute to the contrary notwitbftartdifcg. ;

XIV.	rrovided always, and it is hereby enafted by the au- Gaufeofloae thoriry aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for .to fecu”jthc the treafurOT of the Exchequer for the time being, (or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being) f end they are hereby authorised and direfted to caufe the officers of the (aid receipt of the Exchequer to receive, from time to time, by way of loans, from any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, willing to make the fame at the said receipt, such further fum and fums of money (over and above ;he fums which shall be lent for the fervice of the war, and other her 'Majefty’s occafioos, as aforesaid) as shall be fufficient, together ’with the monies coming in by the duties upon fait and rock fait, as aforefeid, to cpmpleat and make good the full payment





Ovcrfca duties on coals

Anao oAaro	c. 13;	[1709^

of til the intereft monies due or payable by this •&, or bv any clause therein contained, every three months, until the faia im- ' portions and duties granted by this adt, or the arrears arifing by the said former a&s, or any of them, firft happening, (haft come into the Exchequer, and be fufficient for that purpofe, purfuant to the true intent and meaning hereof; and that the mans (b to be made for the said intermediate intereft, shall bear the like intereft, and fhall be free from taxes, and the principal thereof shall be paid in courfe, according to the dates of the re-fpcdtive tallies for the fame, and the intereft thereof, every three, months, out of the duties granted, and other provifions made by this a<3, in the fame manner, and as fully and effectually as if such loans were port of the said fum not exceeding one million two hundred ninety fix thousand five hundred fifty two pounds, nine (hillings, and eleven pence three farthings* hereby authorized to be lent, as afore laid; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XV.	And whereas by an abl of parliament made in the ftxtb year ■**Brit'Ch^bot- ^	Majefifsreign, intituled, An	a«ft for continuing	feveral

toms, after * duties therein mentioned upon coffee, chocolate, fptces, pic*

%s Dec. 1710. tures, and mufiins, and additional duties upon (everal of the toceafe. said commodities, and certain duties upon callicoes, China 6 Ann. c. *a. wares, and drugs, and for continuing the duties called the two third fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, for preferving the public credit ; and for afcertaining the duties of coals exported to foreign parts; and for fecuring the credit of the bank of England; and for palling feveral accounts of taxes raifed in the county of Menmeuth j and for promoting tbc confumption of fitch tobacco as lhall have paid her Majefty’s duties ; it is <J* mongji other things enabled, That ail coals exported beyond the feat,, from and afte, '	'

the twenty f and from 1

Great Britain in BritUh bottoms, Jball only pay three /hillings the chaldron, and after that rate for greater or leffer quantities-, any for* mr law or Jiatute to the contrary	as	by	the	fame

etR more at large may appear: and whereas the said duty is a great hindrance to tie Britifh navigation, and le/fens the exportation of coals from Great Britain to parts beyond the feas; be it therefore cna&ed by the authority arorefard. That from and after the five and twentieth day of Decemb, in the year one thoufend (even hundred and ten, the said duty of three (hillings per chaldron shall ceafe, and be no longer paid ; any thing in the (aid a$ to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

Claufe to pre vent frauds in drawbacks upon certificate goods.

XVI. And whereas by the laws of this realm, every person porting tobacco, and other foreign goods, from any part of Great Britain, is entitled to a drawback of part of the duties paid or fecund at the importation thereof; and it hath been found by experience, that great quantities of fucn tobacco and other foreign goods after they have been jbipped for exportation, have been privately relanaed in tht$ realm-, and the remedies already provided by lap, have net been fuf*

fieient



i7°9 J	Anno	o&avo	Annjb. c. 13.	59

JUunt tttbviate a bratticeft very prejudicial ft her	revenue,

and tt all fair ana bonefl traders in	fucbfeeds: for the better pre-

vention whereof for the future, be it farther enadled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the feven and twentieth S®* ** Ann. day 01 March, one thousand feven hundred and ten, in cafe any tobacco, or other foreign goods, contained or fpeciiied in c,’ any certificate whereupon any luch drawback is to be made, or whereupon any debenture is to be made forth for any such draw-, back, (nail not be really and bona fide {hipped and exported (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted) or shall be landed a-gain in any part of Great Britain, unlefs in case of dUhrefs to. lave the goods from perilling, which {hall be prefently made known to the person or persons which are or mail be appointed by her Majefty to manage her cuftoms, or principal officers of the portj. then not only all such tobacco and other certificate goods shall be forfeited and loft, but also the person or persons such goods (being the exporters, or any others) who {hall bring back, or relanded, for-caufe, or procure to be re-landed luch tobacco, and other cer- fj»ted, tificate goods, or any of them, in any part of Great Britaint or be affifting, or otherwise concerned in the unihipping the fame, drawback, or to whofe hands the fame {hall knowingly come, after the with the veflel, unihipping thereof, or by whofe privity, knowledge, or dlrec- Action the laid tobacco and other goods, or any part thereof, lhall be fo re-landed, {hall forfeit double the amount of the said %i,	,,

drawback for such goods, together with the vellels and. boats, bt and all the horfes or other cattle and carriages whatloever, made b ufe of in the landing, removing, carriage, or conveyance of the	c	it

lame; one moiety of all which penalties or forfeitures lhall be *	'	*'	*

to the ufe of her Majefty, and the other moiety to him or them that lhall inform, feize, or fue for the fame, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at tVefiminfler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scetland^ at any time or times within five years after the offence lhall be committed; wherein no efioin, protection, or wager of lawt lhall be allowed.

XVH. And it is hereby enadled, That if any officer of the Q&cert coa. cuftoms ft)all connive or affift in any fraud, relating to such niving, inca-. certificate goods, as aforesaid, such officer (over and above any pacitated, and other penalties, to which he is or may be liable by this or any ynprifonedfor other adt) lhall forfeit his office, and be rendred incapable of6 mon *• fcrving her Majefty for the future, and fuffer six months im-prifonment, without bail or mainprize; and if any matter, commander, or other person belonging to any lhip or vefiel, pj-iiotfed lor # lhall affift in, or connive at the fraudulent landing any such cer- months, tificate gpods, as aforesaid, he, Ihe, or they (over and above all other penalties provided by this, or any other adt or adts now in force) lhall for every such offence fuffer imprisonment by the fpace of six months, without bail or mainprize.

XV III. And for preventing the running of tobacco into this No debenture kingdom, under pretence of exporting the fame to Ireland; be for tobacco it enadled by the authority aforesaid. That no debenture lhall



6o

from the collector, See. in Ireland, of the landing the fame there, by 6Geo.i. C.21. f. 48, 1L per cent. U be at-lowed for tobacco exported to Ireland in case of •wqfle.

Fee xs.

Mailer carrying certificate goods to Ireland take a duplicate .of his content from tbecol-le^ofj See.

No debenture for tobacco exported in any 0>ip under 20 tuns.



.. 1

Recital of 3 & 4 Ann. c. 5.

4 Ann. e. 6.

6 Ann. c. 22.

. Anno c£t±ro Amim. c. 13.	[1709.

be paid or allowed for any tobacco exported from any port of Great Britain, to the kingdom of Ireland, until a certificate shall be produced under the hands and feals of the colletfor, comptroller, and furveyor of the cuftoms of any port in Ireland, or any two of them, where such goods shall be-landed, teftify-ing the landing thereof, (the danger of the feas, or enemies excepted) any law to the contrary notwithstanding ; which certi-* ficate the colledtor, comptroller, and fearcher of the cuftoms, or any two of them, of each port in Ireland, are"empowered and required to deliver forthwith, upon the discharge of fuch' tobacco, and not to take above one (hilling fee for making out arid delivery of such certificate.

--XIX. And as a further fecurity of her Majefty’s revenues, • both in Great Britain arid Ireland; be it enacted by the authority afore (a id. That the mafter of every (hip carrying such certificate goods to Ireland, shall demand and take from the collector of every refpe6tive port of Great Britain, a duplicate of his content in writing, certified under the hand and feal of the collector and comptroller of such port (which said duplicate the colte&or and comptroller of each port in Great Britain, are hereby required to deliver to every mafter, without fee or reward) and such mafter shall be obliged to deliver such duplicate to the offioers of the cuftoms in Ireland on his arrival, before he be permitted to land such goods there.

XX. And whereas an illegal trade is ufuaUy carried on in Jmall vefftls or-boats \ be it enaefted by the authority aforesaid, That no debenture shall be made forth, not any drawback be paid or allowed for any tobacco exported to any place, in any (hip or veflel under the burthen of twenty tuns 3 any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXL And whereas by an exception or clause contained in an act made in the third year of her Majejly's reign, intituled, An a'cft for granting to her Majefty a further fubfidy on wines and merchandizes imported, it was provided, That such corans as Jbould be imported in Englifh built flippings navigated according, to law9 Jbould be exempted from paying the two third fubfidy granted by the fail aft: and whereas by a clause in an act made in the fourth year of her Majejly's reign, for continuing an additional fubfidy of torinage and poundage, it was amongf other things enafted and declared, That the exception contained in the aforesaid aft, whereby corans imported in Engli(h built Jhipping, navigated according to law> were exempted from the said duty* Jbould bi extended to such corans as, after the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and fix, jhould be imported in fhips belonging to any of the fubjefts of the republick ^Venice, fo that they cdfo should be exempted from payment of the two thirds futjidy granted by the aforesaid aft\ any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithjlaiming: and whereas by an act made in the fixth year of her Majejly's reign, for continuing the feveral duties therein mentioned, the said two thirds fubfidies were continued for three years, from the Jeventh day of March, one thousand feven hundred and eight, with an exception as to corans imported in Englifh built flipping according to the said aft of the

 ^	third

1709.J	Anno	o&avo	Ann.®, c. 13.	61

third year of her Majejiy's reign, and no notice is taken of the ex- 3 & 4 Ann. pknation thereof in the said aft of the fourth of her Majejiy's reign, c* 5*	^

Venetian Jbipping alfoy whereby fome doubts have arifen, whe- ^ Ann. c. 6. ther corans imported in Venetian /hipping ought to be exempted front the continuation of the two thirds fubfidy, according to the provifion before recited in the said aft of the fourth year of her Majejiy's reign, extending the exemption to them : for preventing which doubts, and in regard it would be very hard to rejlrain fubjefls of Venice from importing the goods of their own growth in their own Jbipping \ be it therefore declared and enafted by the authority aforesaid, That Corans ira-the said clause in the a£t of the fourth year of the Queen’s reign,’	Ve*

for exempting corans imported in Venetian (hipping from pay- fabje& to^ ing the duty of two thirds fubfidy, was intended, and is to be Ann. underftood, from the time of palling the fame a&, to be a perpetual clause attending the continuation of that duty, and not limited unto the firft grant thereof; any thing in the said a<5l of the fixth, or in any other fubfequent adt, to the contrary in any Wife notwithstanding.

aXII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in Recital of 2 & the second and third year of the reign of her present Majejly our mojl 3 Ann. c. 9. gracious fovereign lady Queen Anne, intituled, An adt for granting to her Majefty an additional fubfidy of tonnage and poundage for three years, and for laying a further duty upon French wines condemned as lawful prize, and for afcertaining the value of unrated goods imported from the Eajl Indies, it is therein, amongft other things, enabled, TJ)at all Englirn merchants Jhould, from and after the eighth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and three, have eighteen months time allowed them from the entry inwards for the exportation of all tobacco, fugar, ginger, pepper, bugles, eajl and bar irony dying woody dying wares, and drugs, and should have the like benefit and drawback by such exportations, as if the fame had been exported within twelve months: and whereas the time allowed to foreigners for exportation of such goods is limited to nine months, which * by experience ts found to be too Jhort, and very inconvenient to trade; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforesaid. That all fo- Foreign mer-reign merchants, or all Britijh merchants commiflioned by them, chants to have shall from and after the feven and twentieth day of March, one ^^forex thousand feven hundred and ten, have fifteen months time Station of from the entry inwards of all tobacco, fugar, ginger, pepper, certain foreign bugles, call and bar iron, dying wood, dying wares, and drugs goods, (already imported or to be imported) allowed them to export the \n lame, and shall have the like benefit and drawback by such ex-portation, as if the fame had been exported within nine months, years, &c. according to the second rule in the book of rates j the said rule, by 7 Geo. x. or anv other law or cuftom now in force relating thereunto not- I# c*2l* withftanding: provided certificates be taken forth, and oatn*,0# made, and all other requifites performed, according to the laws now in being.

XXIII.	and whereas the laws of this realm do requirey That for Claufe to limit /hips trading to or in her Majejiy's plantations, lading fugars and other enumerated commodities theref bonds be given, which are commonly ypon p]anta-called plantation bonds, with condition to bring the fame goods to Great tiou bunds:

6	Brfilnogle.

6i

uCar.t.c.iS. ** & Car. a. c. 16.

*5 Car. *. c.7.

Or upon wrought (ilk, and other commodities mentioned in 11 & i» W. 3 c. xo.

Anno oftaro Anna. c. igl	[1709;

Britain, or to fome other of her Majeflfs plantations, or to that effeft: now to prevent the difeouragement which persons trading to and from the faii plantations do or may lie under by the said bonds lying out a-gainfl them, although the conditions thereof are or /ball have been performed \ be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That as to such of the said plantation bonds as have been entred into at any time or times before the eight and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and ten, and are now remaining in the hands of any of her Majefty’s officers, in cafe there shall be no profecution for fome breach or non-performance of the refpec-tive conditions thereof before the eight and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirteen, or if upon such profecution judgment be not obtained for her Majefty before the eight and twentieth day of March, one thousand (even hundred arid fifteen, then such of the said plantation bonds, fo already entred into, shall (for want of such profecution or judgment) be void; and as to such plantation bonds as shall be entred into after the said eight and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and ten, in cafe there shall be no profecution for fome breach or non-performance of the refpeftive conditions thereof, within three years after the dates thereof, or if upon such profecution as is laft-mentioned judgment be not obtained for her Majefty within the fpace of two years after the fame profecution commenced, then every such plantation bond, which shall hereafter be entred into, as aforesaid (in default of such profecution to be commenced, and judgment to be obtained within the times before limited) shall also be void : and all the said plantation bonds (b made void by this aft, shall be delivered up by the officers, having the feme in their keeping, to be cancelled, without fee or reward.

XXIV.	And whereas by an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his said late majejly King William the Thirds intituled, An act for the more effeftual employing the poor, by encouraging the manufaftures of this kingdom, upon the exportation of wrought fills, and other commodities therein mentioned, fecurity is to be taken ' in the manner therein exprejl; now in regard it may happen fome of thefe goods may be vended in foreign partsy from which no certificate can be produced, as the said aft requires, to discharge the fecurity lafi-mentioncd; be it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That as to such of the fecurities laft-mentioned, as have been entred into at any time or times, before the eight and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and ten, and are now remaining in the hands of any of her Majefty’s officers, in cafe there fhall be no profecution for fome breach, or non-performance of the refpeftive conditions thereof, before the eight and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirteen, or if upon such profecution judgment be not obtained for her Majefty before the eight and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and fifteen, then such of the said fecurities fo already entred into upon exportation of such filks, and other commodities laft-mentioned, shall (for want of such profecution or j udgment) be void \ and as to (uch fecurities as shall be entred into,



after

1709.]	Anno	odavo	Annx. c.13,'	$3

after the laid eight and twentieth day of , one thousand /even hundred and ten, upon exportation of such wrought filks, and other commodities as are laft-mentioned, in cafe there shall be no profecution for fome breach, or non-performance of the refpe&ive conditions thereof, within three years after the dates thereof, or if upon such profecution as is laft-mentioned; judgment be not obtained for her Majefty within the fpace of two years after the fame profecution commenced, then every such fecurity relating to wrought filks or such other goods as are laft-mentioned, which shall hereafter be entred into, as aforesaid, (in default of such profecution to be commenced, and judgment to be obtained within the times before limited)

(hall also be void; and all such feeurities fo made vend by this aft, shall be delivered up by die tefpeftive officers, having the fame in their keeping, to be cancelled without fee or reward.

XXV.	And it is hereby enatfted by the authority aforesaid, officer not de-.That if any officer of her Majefty’s revenue, having the cuftody livering up of any of the bonds by this a& required to be delivered up to such bond*, to lie cancelled, as aforesaid, shall upon reafonable demand refufe PaX

or neglect to deliver up such bonds, according to the purport and	6

true meaning of this ad, then the officer u> offending, shall for every such offence, be, and is hereby made liable to anfwer . . to the party grieved, all his damages, together with treble cofts of fuit.

XXVI.	And in regard the fubjidy of tonnage and poundage on merchandizes exported is to determine from and after the

July, one thousand feven hundred and	ten, but it is nevertbelefs necef-

fary-> that the refpeflive officers of the cufloms, as well outwards as inwards^ do continue to perform the duties of their refyettive offices, as well to prevent frauds in relation to the drawbacks upon certificate goodly as to hinder the exportation of goods prohibited to be exported^ and for other caufes wherein the publick fervice is or may be concerned \ be it therefore enafted by the authority aforesaid. That the cuftom feet fees of the officers of the cuftoms, as well in the port of London allowed by as in other ports of Great Britain, which were eftablilhed or ** Car.*. c.4* allowed by the a ft of tonnage and poundage, made in the	^

twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, or by any p Jliament# of the rules annexed thereunto, or by any aft or afts of partial ment fince made, touching any such fees, and which may lawfully be taken by any such officers, or their deputies, from any her Majefty’s fubjefts or ftrangers, until the firft day of Augsc/ly one thousand feven hundred and ten, for any cocquets, certificates, entries, clearings, bonds, debentures, endorfements, fufferances, tranfires, lett-pafics, warrants, and other matters and things relating to the duties of their refpeftive offices, fhail after the said laft day of July> one thousand feven hundred and ten, continue, and be paid, and payable for the fame, until the laid fees, or any of them shall be altered by the commons of Great Britain in parliament, as fully as if the laid fees, or any table or tables thereof formerly allowed,

1 were





;<>4	Anno	odbrro Anna. c.15.	[1709?

were particularly fet down, or referred to in/the body of this a#; the determination of the said fubfidy outwards, or any aft or afts of parliament, or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officer imbe- XXVII. And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, ziliing any That if any officer or officers of the cuftoms, Ihall, contrary goods, forfeit* to his duty, imbezil any goods or merchandizes lodged in any double the va- warehoufe, in his or their cuftody or pofleffion, luch officer and officers, for every such offence, shall forfeit double the value of the goods fo imbezilled, to the parties grieved, with full cofts, to be recovered as other penalties by this, aft are re* coverable.

Appropria- XXVIIL And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, tion otthe That all the monies lent, and to be lent unto her Majefly, on monies givea one.aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An act for grant* «A rcflion* an t0 Majefly, to be ra'tfed by a land tax in Great Britain, Ann. c. i. ^or	fa	y(ar one thousand [even hundred and ten, and

fo much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted^ as shall arife, and remain after all the loans made or to be made upon that aft, and the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for the railing the said tax, shall be fatisfied, or mo* ney fufficient shall be referved to discharge the fame; and all the g y^nn> monies lent and to be lent unto her Majefty, upon another aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An act for charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year ont thousand feven hundred and ten, and fo much money of the said duties of malt, mum, cyder, and perry, thereby granted, as shall arife and remain, after all the Joans made or to be made upon that aft, or thereby transferred or direfted to be transferred thereunto, and the intereft thereof, and the charge thereby allowable for raffing the said duties there* by granted, mall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved to discharge the fame; and all the money arifen or to arife SAnnx,c.4* by another aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An act for continuing part of the duties upon coals, culm, and cynders, and granting new duties upon houfes having twenty windows or more, to raife the fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and ten; and all the money arifen or to arife by another aft of this feffion of S Annx,c. 7. parliament, intituled. An act for granting to her Majefly new duties of excife, and upon feveral imported commodities \ and for ejla-blifhmg a yearly fund thereby, and by other ways and means, to raife nine hundred thousand pounds, by fale of annuities; and (in default thereof) by another lottery, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and ten\ and all the monies lent or to be lent unto iAnns,c.9. her Maiefty upon one other aft of this feffion of parliament,

9 * intituled. An act for laying certain duties upon candles, and certain rates upon monies to be given with clerks and apprentices, towards raifing her Majefly's fupply for the year one thousand feven hundred and ten; and the fums intended to be raifed by loans, in pur-fuance of this present aft; shall be appropriated for or towards

the



I7°9*l	Anno	oftavo	ANN-ffi.	c.	13.

the feveral ufes and purpofes herein after exprefled: that is to fay* For or towards the defraying the charges of the ordinary of her Majefty’s navy, and for victuals, wages, wear and tear, and other fervices of the navy, and the vi&ualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for the fea fervice in the office of the ordnance, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards the land fervice, performed and to be performed by the office of the ordnance, including the charge of the fortifications of Gibraltar, and to and for fubfiftence, off-reckonings, and clearings, for one year, from the three and twentieth day of Decern-herone thousand feven hundred and nine, to her Majefty’s guards and garrifons in Great Britain, and the contingent charges of the fame, and for payment of invalids for the said year, beginning from the said three and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and nine; and for or towards the defraying the charges of her Majefty’s army,* and such forces as are or shall be added thereunto in the low countries, or Ger~ many, within or for one year, to be reckoned from the said three and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and nine, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge or three thousand Palatines, formerly taken into the fervice of her Majefty, and the ftates general, for the year one thousand feven hundred and ten ; and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of four thousand fix hundred thirty nine Saxons, formerly taken into the fervice of her Majefty, and the ftates

!general, for the year one thousand feven hundred and ten ; and or or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of Both-mar’s regiment of dragoons, confuting of eight hundred men, formerly taken into the fervice of her Majefty and the ftates general, for the year one thousand feven hundred and ten; and for defraying her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of the troops of augmentation, which have been refolved to be continued for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and -ten * and for defraying the charge of maintaining the forces in her Majefty’s pay, to ferve in Spain and Portugal, or elfewhere, for the fervice of the said year one thousand feven hundred and ten; and for or towards the payment of her Majefty’s proportion of the fubfidies due upon treaties made or to be made with her Majefty’s allies, and other charges for the fervice of the war, for any time before or until the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and ten; and for or towards the payment of a year’s intereft further on the un-fatisfied debentures charged upon the Irijh forfeitures; and for or towards th'e tranfporting of land forces, performed and to be performed; and for pr towards the difehargine the pramiums, and other charges for the circulating the old Exchequer bills for another year 5 and for or towards the defraying extraordinary charges of the war already incurred, and not before this time provided for by parliament •, and for payment of the general officers to ferve in Flanders, in

Vol. XII.

F

the



66	Anno	o&avo	An#.®. C. 13.'	[1709J

the year one thousand feven hundred and ten, according to the leafons in which they have or shall have ferved by their re-fpe<5tive commiflions; and to no other ufe, intents, and purposes whatfoever: provided always, That out of the monies to be ifiued to the guards and garrifons, as aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied any fum not exceeding eighty feven thousand one hundred twenty five pounds, and ten (hillings, towards the charge of maintaining the foldiers raifed and to be raifed for fea Service, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; and out of the monies to be iflued -	for the Service of the navy and fea fervice, as aforesaid, there

(hall be taken and applied Such Sums, as, together with the said fum, not exceeding eighty feven thousand one hundred twenty five pounds, and ten millings, shall be neceffary for the charge of maintaining the said foldiers for fea fervice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Claufe for re- XXIX- And whereas in feveral afts of parliament that have pafe placing mo- yyfnce	Majejly's accejfton to the throne,	upon or by virtue where-

making good °f certatn annuities for lives, years, or in perpetuity, have been pur* any deficien- chafed, obtained, or fecured to be paid at the receipt of her Majejly's cies on the an- Exchequer, it has been fpecially provided or enabled to the purport or nulty a^s’ effeR following; that is to fay, That in cafe the duties or revenues, gt *Jettl*“ or ejlablijbed by the Jaid refpeftive ails, to be the fund or fundi a*& 3 Ann. upon which fitch annuity or annuities, or any of them, are feveraUy c. 3.	charged, fhould at the end of any year of the refpeilive terms, ejlates,

3 & 4 Ann.	er interejls by the said ails fever ally granted, of and in such annuities,

<*Ann c 10. oxceed, by their income into the said Exchequer within such year, ail 6 Ann. c. 5/ the monies due for or upon the fame annuity or annuities, in or for the & ii.	fame year refpeilively, and all arrearages thereof, such excefs or fur-

S Ann. c. 7. piw should be difpofable, from time to time, by authority of parliament, for the publick ufe and fervice, and not otherwise, as in and by the said feveral ails, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: and whereas feme doubt has arifen, whether the monies not being mo* nies of the said funds, or any of them, which have been, or may be direiled to be applied, from time to time, to aid the deficiency or deficiencies, of any of the funds upon which the said annuity or annuities, or any of them, are fever ally charged, can or may be made good again out of the excefs or Jurplus, remaining undifpofed by authority of parliament, of the particular fund drfunds aided by such monies or fur-plus, when such excefs or Jurplus feall at the end of every year, happen to arife: for remedy whereof, it is hereby enacted; and be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or for any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, by warrant under his or their hands, at any time or times hereafter, to charge the said undifpofed furplus or excefs which shall remain at the end of every or any year of the fund or funds which have been or shall hereafter happen to be deficient, with the repayment and fatisfa&ion of such fum and fums of money as have been, or (hall, from time to time, be applied to

6



1709*1	Anno	oflavo	Ann.®, c. 13.	67

aid or make good such particular deficiency, and all and every such fum and fums of money fliall and may, from time to time, be retained and kept out of every such excefs and furplus, and be iflued and applied to such ufes and purpofes as the monies, fo from time to time iffued to aid or make good such particular deficiency or deficiencies, fhould or might have been applied in cafe such deficiency or deficiencies had not happened; any clau-fes, matters, or things in the said ads, or any of them, or in any other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXX.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the third ciaufe to en-year of her Majefiys reign, intituled, An ad for encouraging the courage the importation of naval ftores from her Majefty’s plantations in railing naval America \ the fum of four pounds per ton is allowed, as a premium Mafcfty’s ** or encouragement for importing of pitch and tar; and three pounds plantations, per ton for importing of rofin and turpentine from the said planta- 3 & 4 Ann. tions into this kingdom; as litewife fix pounds per ton for all water- c*I0* rotted hemp, bright and clean ; and one pound per ton for all mafisy

yards, and bowfprits imported, as aforesaid; and in regard it is by experience found. That the said premiums and encouragements are defective, and that the good and profitable ends by the said aft of par-liament propofed, cannot be attained without fufficient numbers of fkil~ ful people, and proper utenfils arid materials necejfary to be employed for railing such naval Jlores \ be it therefore enaded by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for her Majefty to apply any fum or fums out of the fupplies granted in this pre-fent leffion of parliament, not exceeding the fum of ten thousand pounds in the whole, for and towards the fubfiftence and employment of a number of fkilful people, and for fumifhing of fit utenfils and materials for efFedually carrying on the said good and profitable defigns of railing such naval ftores from the growths and produds of the said plantations.

XXXI.	And whereas feveral officers and other proprietors of de- Unregiftred bentures made forth by the late paymafier of the army, commijfioners debentures for tranfportSy and by the commijfioners of accounts in that behalf be regi-authcrixed refpeftively, have omitted to regifier the said debentures

within the times limited by afts of parliament for that purpofe; for the relief therefore of all such officers and other proprietors of the said unregiftred debentures, be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all such officers and other proprietors of the said unregiftred debentures, who have not regiftred the fame, to regifter their debentures on or before the nine and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and ten ; which said debentures being fo regiftred,

(hall and are hereby entitled to all the benefit of intereft, and other advantages, as if regiftred on or before the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and nine.

F 2	-CAP.

' 

68	Anno o&avo Ann.®, c. 14,	[1709*

CAP. XIV.

An aSl for the better fecurity of rents, and to prevent frauds committed by tenants.

XT O R the more eafy and effedtual recovery of rents referved no foods, &c! -T on leafes for fife or lives, term of years, at will, or other-lhali be taken wife, be it enacted by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and whh the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and tem-" poral, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of May* which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and ten, no goods or chattels whatfoever, lying or being in or upon any mefliiage, lands or tenements, which are or shall be leafed for life or fives, term of years, at will, or otherwise, lhall be liable to be taken by virtue of any execution on any pretence whatfoever, unlefs the party at whofe fuit the said execution is fued out, shall before the removal of such goods from off the said premiffes, by virtue of such execution or extent, pay to the landlord of the said premifles, or his bailiff, all such fum or films of money as are or shall be due for rent for the said premiffes at the time of the taking such goods or chattels by virtue of such execution; provided the said arrears of rent do not amount to more than one year’s rent; and in cafe the said arrears shall exceed one year’s rent, then the said party, at whofe fuit such execution is fued out, paying the said landlord, or his bailiff, one year’s rent, may proceed to execute his judgment, as he might have done before the making of this a<ft; and the (heriff or other officer is hereby impowered and required to levy and pay to the plaintiff as well the money fo paid for rent, as the execution money.

II.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforesaid, That

...... _	in cafe any leffee for life or fives, term of years, at will, or other-

well as the ex-wife of any meffuages, lands, or tenements, upon the demife ccution mo- whereof any rents are or shall be referved or made payable, shall _	from and afterthe said firft day of May> fraudulently or clandeftine-

&c!n(Ln frau- ]y convey or cariT or fr°m such demifed premiffes his goods dulently carry or chattels, with intent to prevent the landlord or leffor from off goods, &c. diftraining the fame for arrears of such rent fo referved, as a-the leffor, &c. forefaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such leffor or land-T^aysaiter *ord> or any P^00 or persons by him for that purpofe lawfully feize such impowered, within the fpace of five days next enfuing such con-goods, &c. veying away or carrying off such goods or chattels, as aforesaid, and f^l the t0 take and feize such goods and chattels where ever the fame h^been di^ be f°und> as a diftrefs for the said arrears of such rent; itrained. * and the fame to fell, or otherwise difpofe of, in such manner, as if the said goods and chattels had actually been diftrained by such leffor or landlord, in and upon such demifed premiffes for such arrears of rent; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Provifo, such III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this a6l cofn-ft^Uotfcize ta*ncd extend* or be conftrued to extend, to impower fuch

party before removal of the goods, &c. pay the landlord the rent due.

Provided it amount to no more than i year's rent.

The (heriff, &c. to levy the rent as

 kjOOQle

1709.]	Anno o&avo Annje. c. 14.	69

fcffor or landlord to take or feize any goods or chattels as a di- any goods, ftrefs for arrears of rent, which shall be fold bona fide, and for a valuable confideration, before such feizure madej any thing^f0id before, herein contained to the contraiy notwithstanding.	n Gco.i.c.19.

IV.	And whereas no aftion of debt lies againjl a tenant for life Debt may be or lives, for any arrears of rent, during the continuance of such efiate brought a-for life or lives, be it ena<5ted by the authority aforesaid, That

from and after the said firft day of May, it shall and may be lawful rcnt# for any person or persons, having any rent in arrear or due upon any leafe or demife for life or lives, to bring an adion or adtions of debt for such arrears of rent, in the fame manner as they might have done, in Cafe such rent were due and referved upon a leafe for years.

V.	And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au- Djftrdlcg lia-thority aforesaid, That all diftrefles hereby impowered to be made, bie to such as aforesaid, shall be liable to such Tales, and in such manner, fales, and to and the monies arifing by such fales to be diftributed in like be diftnbut^» manner, as4>y an adt made in the second year of the reign of ^wy

their late majefties Kine William and Queen Mary, intituled, fcff. 1, c. 5/ An act for enabling the jale of goods dijlrained for rent, in cafe the rent be not paid in reafonable time, is in that behalf directed and appointed.

VI.	And whereas tenants pur auter vie and leffees for years, or at Rent in arrear will, frequently hold over the tenements to them demifed, after the upon a leafe determination of such leafes: and whereas after the determination of*°r !ifc* fuch, or any other leafes, no diftrefs can by law be made for any ar~ bePdiftraine^ rears of rent that grew due on such refpeftive leafes before the deter- for after the mination thereof; it is hereby further enadted by the authority a- determination forefaid. That from and after the said firft day of May, one ^ *cafi5# thousand feven hundred and ten, it shall and maybe lawful,

for any person or persons, having any rent in arrear or due upon any leafe for life or lives, or for years, or at will, ended or determined, to diftrain for such arrears, after the determination of the (aid refpedtive leafes, in the fame manner as they might have done, if such leafe or leafes had not been ended or deter-

mined.

VII.	Provided, That such diftrefs be made within thefpace of D*lh?fs tobe

fix kalendar months after the determination of such leafe, and	after

during the continuance of such landlord’s title or intereft, and the end of the during the poffeflion of the tenant from whom such arrears be- leafe, and dur-came due.	iinjLtbc- ,iand~

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared ^ tenant’s by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this adfc contained poffeflion.

(hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to let, hinder, or pre-

judice her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, in the levying, re- hinder the covering, or feizing any debts, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, Queen, &c. that are or shall be due, payable, or anfwerable to her Majefty, to levy, &c. her heirs or fucceffors ; but that it shall and may be lawful for ?nY debts, her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, to levy, recover, and feize fothe^rowiw such debts, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in the fame man-

F 3	ner



Anno o&avo Ann#, c. 15.	[i7°9;

ner as if this a£t had never been made; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

f Ann*.

CAP. XV.

An act for explaining and enlarging an aft of the fixth year of her Majefty's reign, intituled, An act for the fecurity of her Majefty’s person and government.

,c. 14. TI7HERE A S by an act made in thefixth year of herprefeni VY Majefty's reign, intituled, An act for the better fecurity of her Majefty’s person and government, it is amongft other things, enafted, "That all officers, civil and military, in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who were obliged and required to take in Scotland, an oathcalled the oath of allegiance and ajfu-xance, before the privy council there, Jboull be obliged, on or before the twentieth day of April, one tboufand feven hundred and eight, ta take and fubferibe the oath by the said aft appointed, before the privy council while it should continue, and after the determination thereof before and in the court of fejfm, or the court of juficiary, or the court of Exchequer there \ and that all others then in any of the af-_ fairs aforesaid, who in refpeft thereof had ufed and been obliged to take the said oath of allegiance and ajfurance in any other court and place, should be obliged to take and fubferibe the fame at the next quarter feffions of the peace that should be held for any county or placet in which any such officer should be refident or abiding; and that all and every person or persons whatfoever, who should after be admitted into any office, civil cr military, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Jbouldy within three months after his admittance into any such office, be obliged to take the oath appointed by the said afts in the refpeftive courts above-mentioned, according to the dijlinftion therein and above-mentioned, for persons then in office: and whereas feveral persons bearing such offices, and who were likewoys numbers of parliament, or otherways necejjarily abfent, were at the time of making the said aft, detained in England, by their fervice in parlia* ment, and upon other publick and important occaftons, fo that they were rendered incapable of repairing to the courts aforejdid, within the time in the said aft dire ft ed: and whereas it may happen, that persons provided to offices in Scotland, may, for attending the publick fervice, or for other important caufes, be detained in England, and thereby cannot take the oaths in Scotland, within the time required by the laws: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the Queen’s nunr Jn moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and coofent of Scotland, may the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this pre-before 18 fent parliament aflemblcd, and by authority of the fame, Ju"f» I7,lo\ That if any person or persons that have been or are in any office, feribe^theoath CIV^ or m*htary, in Scotland aforesaid, lhall, on or before the of abjuration,eight and twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred See.	and ten, take and fubferibe the oath of abjuration in the afore-

and like-wife cited aft mentioned, and lhall also take and fubferibe the oath of allegiance, and fubferibe the aflurance in the words follow* ing, viz.

*	I A. B.

Any officer, either civil or military, in

ftibfcribe the afiiirance.





Anno oftavo Ann#, c. i 5.

7*

1709.)

I A. B. do Jmcerely promife and Jwear, That I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to her majejly Queen Anne.

So bejp me GOD*

I A. B. do in the fincerity of my hearty ajfert, acknowledge, and declare, That her majejly Queen Anne is the only lawful and undoubtedfevereign of this realm, as well de jure, that is, of right, Queen, as de fado, that is, in the pojfejfton and exercife of the government : and therefore I do fincerely and faithfully promife and engage, That I will, with heart and hand, life and goods, maintain and defend her Majejlfs title and government, againjl the pretended prince of Wales, and his adherents, and all other enemies, who either by open or fecret attempts, Jhall dijlurb or difquiet her Majefy in the pojfejfton and exercife thereof

And that either in her Majefty’s courts of Chancery, Queerfs fa °f

Bench, Common Fleas, or Exchequer at JVeJhninfter •, the fame

(hall be, to all intents, conftrudions, and purpofes, as effe&ual	*

as if such person or persons had taken the oaths J>y the said ad

appointed, within the time, and at the places therein men*

tioncd.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That Officers m in all time coming all and every person or persons whatsoever, Scotland to who shall be admitted into any office, civil or military, within

that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who by reason of such Within three office arc obliged to take the oaths before-mentioned in Scotland, months after fliatl within three months after his admittance into any such admittance office, take and fubferibe the oaths, and fubferibe the affurance ^nthe aforesaid, either in her Majefty’s courts of feffion, jufticiary, or courts^f fef-Excbequer in Scotland, or at the quarter feflions there, for the city fion, Uc. or county where such person or persons inhabit or dwell, or in any other court where the oaths have ufually been adminiftred in Scotland, or in her Majefty’s courts of Chancery, Queen9s Bench,

Common Pleas, or Exchequer at Wejlminjler.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, The courts it That the said courts of Chancery, Queen9s Bench, Common Pleas, Weftminfter and Exchequer at IVefminfler, (hall, from time to time, adtni- Jheoaths toall nifter to such persons as (nail tender themfelves to take and fub- persons offer-feribe the aforesaid oaths, and fubferibe the said aflurtnee for mg to take offices, civil and military, and in the fame manner that other them, and tQ oaths of the like nature have been in ufe to be affured; and they f Thereof * shall rive to all and every person or persons taking the oaths as c aforesaid, a certificate of their having taken the fame, for which

there shall be paid a fum not exceeding two Shillings.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That all and every person officers in who shall be employed in any office, civil or military, within Scotland, who that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who, by virtue of

this present ad, takes the oaths before, and in the courts of Chancety, Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer at IVejl- tranfmit the minder, (hafi be obliged to tranfmit, within the fpace of three certificate to

f +	papnthp^wruo





72	Anno o&avo AnnjR. c. 15.	[1709.

feffion, &c. in months, to the courts of feffion or jufticiary, or Exchequer in Scotland, or to any the principal clerks of feffion, the principal months. *** c^cr^ juftfciary, or the Queen’s remembrancer in the court of Exchequer, the^ certificate they shall receive in manner above-mentioned; where the said certificate shall be kept, and to which all persons shall have free accefs, without fee or reward. ffthi”8 neg -	Prov*ded	always,	That every such person or persons, who

fufing^to^aike negle& or rcfufe to take and fubfcribe the oaths, and fub-the oaths, &c. fcribe the aflurance aforesaid, either in her Majefty’s courts of shall incur the Chancery, jQueen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer at Wcft-the aftC*m minfter> or proper courts in Scotland, and shall after such 6 Ann. c. 14. re^u^ negleft execute any office, for and in refpect of which the oaths and aflurance aforesaid ought to be taken and fub-feribed, shall incur the penalties, disabilities and forfeitures in the said a<5t mentioned.

Taking the VI. Provided alfo. That every such person or persons, who oaths, Sec. having taken and fubferibed the Oaths, and fubferibed the affu-and neglecting ranee aforesaid, in her Majefty’s courts of Chancery, £>aeen’s thewrtificate Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer at Wejlminfter, (hall, within shall forfeit his the fpace of three months, neglect to tranlmit the certificate office, and given by the said courts in manner above-mentioned, shall for-aool. to any feit his office, and also the fum of one hundred pounds, to be fbr°it7n the rccoverec* by such person or persons as shall fue for the fame, by court of fef- fummar procefs in the said court of feffion.

<ion.	VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

Officer in That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, that Scotland mav ;s or fl^u ^ employed in any office or offices in Scotland afore-deftdeii °be- to ta^e oath & Fideti, or oaths for the due execution of fore one of his or their office or offices, before one of the judges of Eng-the judges of land; and that such oath or oaths fo taken, shall to all intents, England. conftru&ions and purpofes, be as effectual as if such oath or oaths had been taken before any judge or judges of either of her Majefty’s courts in Scotland aforesaid, or otherwise howfo-ever.

Claufe for al- VIII. And whereas Henry Newton doftor of laws, her Maje~ lowing Dr. jiys env0y eXraordinary to the great duke ^Tufcany, being appoint-vo^to^he*11 ed wafer of St. Catherine’* hofpital mar the Tower of London, can-great duke of not return home till the time for qualifying bimfelf by receiving the Tufcany, 3 facrament of the Lord's /upper, taking the oaths, and making the demonths after claration and fubferiptions required by law, will be expired; be it England,1\o° enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe the said Henry take the oaths Newton shall receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper Within, as matter of three months after his return from beyond the feas, and shall St. Catherine’s take the oaths, and make the declaration and fubferiptions re-iiolpjtal. quired by law, in one of her Majefty’s courts of record at IVefl-minjler the next term, or at the next quarter feflions held for the county of Middlefex, after the said three months, the fame shall be good and available to the said Henry Newton, to all intents, conftru&ions, and purpofes whatfoever ; and the said Henry Newton ihall be deemed to have qualified himfelf as fully and efir fe&ually as if he had taken the said oaths, and made the faid

declaration





1709.)	Anno	oftavo Ann,®, c. 16.	73

declaration and fubfcriptions within the precife time required by law; any law or statute to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XVI.

An ail, for difcharging the attendance of noblemen, barons, and freeholders, upon the lords of jujliciary in their circuits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for abolifhing the method of exhibiting criminal informations by the porteous roll.

\\THEREAS fence the union of the two kingdoms, the attend-V V once of noblemen, barons, and freeholders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon the lords of jujliciary in their circuits, in the manner the fame was heretofore ufed, is now become burthenfome and mneceffary; be it therefore enacted, by the After 1 May, Queen’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and 1710. none to confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in *** parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That in their from after the firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred circuits, ex-and ten, no person whatfoever ihall be obliged, by himfelf, his cept the (he-tenants, or fervants, to attend the lords otjufticiary, either in &c. at the going to, or coming from the refpedtive places where the drcuit^hcreaj!^timc courts are held, except the (heriff, or his deputies, and their circuit courts officers 5 and that no (heriff, by himfelf, or his deputies, or his are held i officers, be obliged to attend the said lords of jufticiary at any time or place out of the bounds of the refpe&ive county whereof such person is (heriff, except at the place, and during the time, where the feveral circuit courts of the refpedive diltridfcs shall be held.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That and except from and after the said firft day of May, no person whatfoever such M (hail be obliged to attend at the place where the circuit court is ^v^^vkicnce held, during such time as the said court shall continue there, except or on a jury/ such person or persons who shall be fummoned upon any grand or such as are or petty jury, or who shall be fummoned or bound to give evi- bound to» ap-dence in any matter or caufe before the said court, or who shall £^?make be bound over to appear at such justice court, or such person or prefentments. persons as shall make prefentments, in order to trials before Juftices of the (aid justices at their circuits: Provided, That when prefent- peace may dements are made by the justices of peace at their quarter feffions,

or at the yearly meetings in July and February after mentioned, Except^Tfo ** it shall be lawful to the said justices to depute one or more of thofe who at-their number to attend in place of the whole; and except such tend by the other person or persons, who, by the duty of his or their offices dity their or trufts, are bound to attend the said court*	0 CCi#

III.	And whereas by an act made in the fix th year of her Majefey’ s ^ Ann3P Ct $ reign, intituled. An a<ft for the rendring the union of the two 9 kingdoms more entire and complete, it is, amongfe other things,

enafted. That the justices of the peace in Scotland may do, ufe, and exercife over all persons within their feveral bounds, whatever doth

appertain





£4	Anno	o&avo	Annjb.	c.	16.	[1709.

appertain to the office and truft of a ju/iice of peace, by virtue of the knot and aits of parliament made in England before {he union, in relation to or for the prejervation of the publici peace; by virtue of which powers and privileges vejled in them for the purpofes aforefaia9 they have fufficient authority to receive information concerning cringes committed within the refpeftive counties, and to commit such offenders, or take fecurity or recognizance, and to do other neceffary aits for the effectual profecution of the /aid crimes; in confluence whereof the old method of taking up dittay9 and exhibiting informations againfi delinquents by the jlrefs and porteous roll, as the fame was grievous, is now become winecejfary \ be it therefore enacted by the authority The manner aforefeid, That from and after the said firft day of May, the said dittayn&c!P method of taking up dittay, and exhibiting information by the aborted. ftrefs and porteous roll, shall be, and is hereby totally difcharg-ed and abolifhed to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; any law or statute to the contrary in any way notwithstanding. Informations, IV. And be it further enat^ed by the authority aforesaid, &c. to be by That informations in order to making up of dittays, concerning ^th^iufticcVcr*mes	he tried in the (aid circuits in Scotland\	from and after

in their quar-	the said firft day of May next, shall be	by prefentments to be

ter fcfGons,	made by the justices of peace at their quarter fefiions, or upon

*€•	informations to be taken by the (heriffs,	ftewarts, baillies of regalities, and their deputies, magiftrates	of boroughs, or other

inferior judges and magistrates within the jurifdi&ion of the re-fpe&ive circuits, concerning such crimes as are to be tried before the lords of judiciary m their circuits, in the months of July and February yearly ? and the said justices of peace, at leaft two of them * are hereby required and authorized to meet at the head burgh of the refpe&ive (hires within which they are juftices, and at the ordinary place and hour of meeting, upon the twenty firft day of the (aid months of July and February refpedfively yearly, being lawful days, or on the next lawful day thereafter, there to receive such informations as fhall be offered, concerning matters criminal to be tried in the circuits, and to re-, vife such informations as have been taken before the time of the said meetings by two or more of the justices of the peace, other-The (heriffs, wife than at their quarter meetings ; and the said (heriffs, ftew-&c. to meet arts, baillies of the regalities, and their deputies, magistrates of twice m the boroughs, and other inferior judges and magistrates refpedlive* luch inform!-	meet	uPon	^1C	twenty	fecond	days	of the said months

tions,	of July and February refpe&ively, yearly, being lawful days, or

on the next lawful day thereafter, at the ordinary places and hour of their meetings, there to receive such informations as shall be offered concerning matters criminal, to be tried in the circuits $ and the said juftices, (heriffs, ftewarts, baillies of re-up accountsof Sal','es» and their deputies, magistrates of burghs, and other crimes to I* inferior judges and magiftrates, are hereby required and authored in the rized to make up particular accounts of such criminal fa&s circuits. ‘happening within their refpedlive bounds, as are to be tried be* fore the refpe<5tfve circuits, containing the names and defigna-tion of the offenders, the fa&s committed, with the circuro-

(lances



75

1709-]	Anno	oftavo Annjb. c. 17,

fiances of time andplace, and others that may ferve to difeover the truth ; cortf aintngalfo the names and defignations of the wit-nefles, and titles of such writes as are to be made ufe of at the trials; which informations are hereby appointed to be figned by the said juftices, or at leaft two of them, and their clerk, or by the laid (heriffs, ftewarts, baillies of regalities, or their deputies j^Sce*, &c. and clerks, or by magistrates of boroughs, or other inferior and to be judges or magiftrates, and their clerks refpedtively; and being fo figned, the re(pe<$tive clerks are also hereby required and au- derate. ** fhpnzed to tranfmit the fame, together with such writes or other ’ evidence or proof, as are to be made ufe of in the trials before the judges at the reipe&ive circuits, to the lord iuftice clerk, or bis deputies at Edinburgh, at leaft forty days before the holding of the refpe&ive circuit courts; that heing given to her Maje-fty’s advocate, or such as discharge that truft in Scotland* libels gad indi&ments may be raifed and executed against parties, affyfers, and witnefles, according to the former laws and cuftom.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That the magistrates of foch cities and boroughs, where the refpec- tjeg> tive circuit courts are held, shall be obliged to attend the said attend the Jords of jufticiary, during their abode in their refpe&ive cities lords of jufti-gnd boroughs; and that they prepare convenient benches and ^f^aive^f-1^ places for the justices of the peace to fit on, and be present at tie£

the (aid courts 5 who are hereby declared to have and enjoy the prepare fame privileges in court, as the justices of peace now enjoy in oenches. Scc. England.

VI.	Provided nevertheless. That nothing in this contain- QH.ee*£s ed shall be conftrued to reftrain her Msyefty’s advocat, or his ^ot be^-fucceflors in office, in her Majefty’s name, or any person or (trained to perfons, to inform and prosecute any criminal adion or caufe prosecute any before the circuit court, in the Came way and manner as is in cTiminal ac“ life to be done before the jufticiary court at Edinburgh, or to al- juries to be re-ter or innovate the method of returning jurymen or affyfers by turn'd as for-the (heriffs, upon precepts dire&ed to them, as formerly. merly.

CAP. XVII.

An a8 for explaining and making more effectual an aS for the better enabling the mafter, wardens, and affiants of Trinity Houfe to rebuild the light houfe on the Edyftone rock.

WHEREAS in and by one aft of parliament made in the ^Sc$ Anp.

fourth and fifth years of the reign of her present Majejly c. 20. l^ueen Anne intituled, An a<5t for the better enabling the mafter, wardens, and afliftants of Trinity Hotfe to rebuild the light houfe on the Edyjlone rock; it is enafted* That from and after the placing a light ufeful for /hipping,, in the light houfe intended to be rebuilt on the said rockf there Jhall be paid to the said majler, wardens, and af> fiflants, their fucceffors, and ajfigns, by the majlers and owners j>f all Englifh JhipSj hoys, and barques, which Jhall pafs by the Jame% {except coajiers) the duty of one penny per ton outwards bounds and alfo

one '





7<>	Anno o&avo Ann.®. c. 17;	[1709,

Wf/ penny per ton itrtvaris bound 5 that is to Jay, of the merchant one moiety,	of the owner of the Jbip,	barque, the other moi-

ety \ and of ail such grangers, or aliens, /hips, and vejfels as Jhall happen to pafs by the Jaid light houfe, the fum of two pence for every ton of the burden of the said Jhip or veffiel\ and that every coajler paffing by the said light houfe jhall pay the duty of two Jhillings, and no. more, for every time they jhall pafs by the Jaid light houfe 5 the said duties to be collided by such persons as the said mqfier, wardens, and affiflants, or their fuccejfors, jhall appoint, in such port or place whence such Jhip, hoy, or barque Jhall fet forth, or where such Jhip, hoy or barque Jhall arrive, before they load or unload the goods there* in; and to be recovered by action of debt, in any court of record at Weftminfter, wherein no effioin, wager of law, or protection Jhall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance: and whereas the said majler, wardens, and affiflants, having a due regard to the fafety and prefervation of the Jhipping and navigation of this kingdom, did,

' Joon after the paffing of the said ad, cau fe the said tight houfe to be begun, and to be rebuilt, and by the great care and diligence of the persons employed therein, the said work was carried on with such expedition, that a light ufeful for Jhipping was placed therein on the eight and twentieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and eight \ and the said light houfe hath ftnee, with much hazard and difficulty, and a very great expence, been fully built and compleated, to the great fatisfa£tkn of the flag officers and commanders of her Majejlys fleet and Jhips of war, and of all others concerned in trade and navigation: and whereas ftnee the rebuilding of the said light houfe, feveral foreign Jhips that paffied by, and had the benefit of the said tight, and arrived in fome of ports of the kingdom of Ireland, have avoided payment of the Jaid duties, upon pretence that the said ad did not extend to the The reTpedivey^ kingdom of Ireland: for prevention whereof, and to the end facU&Vobe51 wor^ t*iat public^ nature, and fo greatly beneficial to navi-paid by the gation, may have all due and proper encouragement; be it en-niafter of eve- aded by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the rv (hm x,r a<jv}ce and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and dyftone' commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au-ht-houfe,	thority of the fame, at the humble petition of the said mafter,

wardens, and affiflants, That the said feveral and refpe&ive duties, in and by the said recited ad deeded to be paid by any Ihip, hoy, or barque, shall be refpedively paid for every such (hip, hoy, or barque, as well thofe belonging to her Majefty’s fubjeds, as such who belong to Grangers or aliens, which shall pafs by the said light houfe, from or to any port or place what-foever, and shall be colleded and received of the mafter of such (hip, hoy, or barque, in any part of the kingdoms of Great hritain and Ireland, and shall and may be recovered in ahy of her Majefty’s courts of law in either of the said kingdoms, as well as in a court of record at IVeftminfler 3 any thing in the said ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And to the intent the said duties may be truly anfwered and paid, be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, That no colledor, cuftomtr, coHcdor of her Majefty’s cuftoms, comptroller.



ry (hip, fcc

commons,

light-houfe,

&c.

How the said duties to be recovered.

No cuftora houfe officer to make out any cocquet.

1709.]	Anno	o&avo	Annjb. c. 18.	77,

troller, receiver of entries or (hips, furveyor, or fearcher* waiter, &c-. till the or other officer whatfoever, of or concerning the said ctiftoms, at m any port within the said kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, pwa*

(h*il hereafter give, or make out any cocquet, or other discharge, or take any report outwards for any (hip, hoy or barque, as a-forefaid, until the duties granted by the said recited a<5t, and payable by the raafter of such (hip, hoy, or barque, according to the tenor and true meaning of the said former a£t, shall be paid unto the refpedtive collectors appointed by the said mafter, wardens, and affiftants to receive the fame, as aforesaid ; and that ,	.

fuch mafter of such (hip, hoy, or barque, do produce and Ihew ^c^proclu-’ forth an aquittance, or light-bill under the hand of such collcc- ced to him. tor, teftifying the receipt thereof.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. ThatSuch P*1^008 it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every collector and Soned hfthe collectors, or any other person or persons, authorized and de- former a ft, puted by the said mafter, wardens, and affiftants, as in the said may go on former a<ft is mentioned, to go on board any foreign (hip, hoy, a,JX . or barque, to demand, collect, and receive the duties by the faid

former ad due and payable; and for non-payment thereof, to the*duties: take and diftrain any tackle or furniture belonging to such (hip, and diftrain hoy or barque, and the fame to detain and keep, until he or for non-pay-they be fatisfied and paid the said fums of money, and every ment* of them 5 and in case of any negled or delay in payment of The diltreft the said duties for the fpace of three days after any diftrefs or diftrefles fo taken, as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be ^^ lawful to and for the said collector or collectors, receiver or re- paid in three ceivers of the said duties, and any of them, to caufe the fame days $ to be appraifed by two or more fufficient perfons, and afterwards to fell the said diftrefs or diftrefles fo taken and appraifed, and therewith to fatisfy him or themfelves, for and concerning the said duties fo negleCted or delayed to be paid, and for which a diftrefs shall be fo taken, as aforesaid, rendring to the mafter p^rJnSthe of such foreign (hip, hoy, or barque, in or from which such di- the mafter° ftrefs shall be fo taken, the overplus, if any be.	&c.	*

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. This and the That this a<ft, and also the said former aft, shall be taken and former aft to allowed within all courts within the kingdoms of Great Britain

and Ireland, as publick aefts; and all judges and justices are here- Sreat Britain1 by required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecial plead- and Ireland, ing the fame.

CAP. XVIII.

An alt to regulate the price and ajjize of bread.

WHEREAS by theJlatute made in the one and fiftieth year of 51H. 3. ftat.fi the reign of King Henry the Thirds intituled\ [Aflifa Pams et Cervifia] provtfion was made, amongfi other things, for fettling the ajfize of bread; but the said (latute is exprejfed in terms Jo ob~

[cure and tmprafinable in thefe times, that many doubts and difficulties have arifen, and daily do arife9 in the confirufiion thereof whereby little or no obfervame hath in many places been made, either of the due

ojfiw*





Anno ottsvo Anna. c. i$.

[1709;

othtr cities, &c. and justices of peace, in places where there is no mayor, &c. shall fet the affize and weight of all

affix** or reafdnable price of bread; and covetous and evit-difpofed . 9 perfom taking advantage of the famey have, for their own gain and lucre, deceived and opprejjed her Majejly's fabjetts^ and more efpecially So much of the	P*mr fort of people: for remedy whereof for the future, ahd

faid Itatute, that a plain and conftant rule and method may henceforward be intituled, AJJifa duly obferved and kept, in the making and affizing of the feve-Panis& Cer- tz\ forts 0f bread made for fale 5 be it enafted by the Queen’s latwtotheaf-cxcc^ent majority, by and with the advice and confent of Cze of bread, fords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present repealed. * parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That And after f0 much of the said ftatute, [intituled, Affifa Panis etCervifue^\ the ford ma °- ** relates to the affize of bread, shall be and is Hereby repealed, or of London, annulled, and made void; and that from and after the firft Set. and the day of Afdy, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred mayor, &c. of and ten, the court of lord mayor and aldermen, within the city of London, and the liberties thereof, or the lord mayor of the said city for the titne being, by the order of the said court, and the mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or other chief magistrates for the time being, of any other city, town corporate, or borough, or two or more justices of the peace, in such towns and places where there shall be no such mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or chief magiftrates, shall feverally and refpedfively, and from time to time, as there _	(hall be occafion, fet, afeertain, and appoint, within their feve-

havin°^ rcfpeft ra*€n<* rc^Pc®ve jurifdi<5tions, the affize and weight of all forts totb/fiiceof bread, to be fold, of expofed to fale by any baker, or other the grain, See. person whatfofcver, within the limits of their feveral jurisdictions, having refpedf to the price the grain, meal, or.flour, whereof such bread shall be made, shall bear in the feveral publick markets, in or about the city, town corporate, borough, or place where such affize shall be fo fet, and making reafonable allowance to the bakers for their charges, pains, and livelihoods 5 After the said wbich said affize shall be fet in Averdufiois, and not Troy weight, fir ft of May, II. And that the said affize may be the more eafily afeertain-no person /hall ed and appointed, be it likewife enacted by the authority afore-^th anfhbrcad’ faid, That from and after the said firft day of Mayy ho person fuchasfhallbe or Pelif°ns whatfoever, shall make for fale, or fell orexpofe to allowed by the fale, any fort or forts of bread, other than the feveral forts of lord mayor, bread herein after-mentioned ; that is to fay, white, wheaten, ahd houfhold, and such other fort and forts of bread as shall be publickly licenced and allowed by the said court of lord mayor and aldermen within the said city of London and liberties thereof, or by the said other chief magistrates or justices of the peace within their feveral and rcfpective jurifdictions; all which feveral forts of bread shall be made in their feveral and refpective degrees, according to the goodnefs of the feveral forts of grain, whereof the fame ought to be made, and the affife and weight of the said white, wheaten, and houfhold bread made of wheat, shall be fet and afeertained according to the table hereafter following.

&c.

Bread to be made according to the table following.

* A TABLE.





Googl

1709.]	Anno	o&avo Ann.*, 18.	♦

A table of the ASSIZE of BREAD

In Pounds* Ounces, and Drams, Averdupois Weight,

EXPLANATION:

	* z  I* 9  f'3 —		r«* "9]  16 14  15 7	*7 *3 4  *3 3	37 * 33 ** 30 14		1 5 *1 1 1 11  1 H *4	7 7 3 * 9 * 14 5	4*9 a  4 3 7  3 13 *3		10 0 13 9 7 1* 8 11 —	* 3 ** r 12 i» 4 11 9 6		iS 15 5 17 4 1	*5 4 7 13 2 12	T*	T- — —1  *87-  26 I 1	37 *4 >« 34 *» *
	_Li		'4 4  L3	4	21 6  IS. A4	»8 8 16 8		I ix 8 1 10 8	2 IO 12 »7 1*	3 9 * 3 4 *5		8 - j  7 7}	10 11 2 9 *4 14		16 — ii  >♦ *♦ j	11 6 4 19 13 13	24 I —  22 5 8	32x6  29 12 IT
08  •																	

79

1709.]	Anno o&avo Ann^. c. *8.

III. And to the intent that the good defign of this aft may be effectually complied with, be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That every common baker, and every perfon, who shall make or bake for fale, or any ways expofe to (ale, any fort of bread whatfoever, (hall, from and after the (aid firft day of Bak?ri *®. May,) fairly imprint or mark, or caufe to be fairly imprinted or thciri marked, on every loaf fo by him made, or expoied to fale, the fort, price, and weight of such lorf, or any other mark as shall be appointed by the said court of lord mayor and aldermen, or by the said other chief magistrates and justices of the peace re-fpeftively, within the limits of their said feveral jurifdiftions; and the said court of lord mayor and aldermen within the city Lord mayor, of London, and the liberties thereof, and the said other chief ma- &c. to direft giftrates, or justices of the peace, within the bounds of their brct4 feveral jurifdiftions, shall have full power and authority, from ^ time to time, to limit, direft, and appoint, how and in what manner each fort of bread shall be marked, for knowing the baker or maker, price, weight, and fort thereof; and to make and fet down any other reafonable rules and orders for the better regulating the myftery of baking bread, and the forts, afllze, price, and weight thereof, and all things concerning the fame, as in their judgments they shall find neceflary and convenient; Penalty of of-and if any baker or bakers, or other person or persons baking fenders, or making bread for fale, or expofing bread to fale, shall not ob-ferve the afilze, to be afeertained by virtue of this aft, or shall bake or make for fale, or fell or expofe to fale, any bread wanting the due weight, or that shall not be marked according to the direftion of this aft, or shall break such regulations and orders as shall from time to time be made by virtue of this aft, or shall in any fort or way break or infringe any of the matters or things before appointed by this aft, he or they fo doing, being thereof convifted by the ^	.

confeflion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible tbTpenaUyb* witnefs or witneffes, before the said lord mayor, or any one or x Geo. x. flat, more of the said aldermen, or before the said chief magiftrate or a. c. *6. f. 5. magiftrates, or one of them, or in such towns and places where ^fetter there are not any such magiftrate or magiftrates, before one or£^^™* “ more justices of the peace of the county wherein the offence shall By^ Geo. 2, be committed, or the party offending apprehended, (hall,for every c. 29. f.m2. such offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied by way Offenders are of diftrefs upon the goods and chattels of every such offender, byt0 pay 10 warrant from the said lord mayor, alderman or aldermen, or chief magiftrate or magiftrates, juft ice or juftices, before whom To be given to such conviftion lhall be made; the said forfeitures to be giventhc informer, to the informer or informers.

IV: And it is further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That Conviftions to the conviftions made, as aforesaid, upon this aft, shall be certi-	to

fied to the next general quarter fellions of the peace for the fettioiis. ** county or place where such conviftions were made, to be there kept upon record by the refpeftive clerks of the peace, to be feen without fee or reward.

V.	Provided always. That no person shall be convifted in Profecution te manner aforesaid, for any of the before-mentioned offences, within 3

unlefsday8#

*	oogle

go	Anno	odtavo	Annm.	c. ig.	^1709^

unlefs the profecution, in order to such conviction, be commenced within three days next after the offence committed.

Party grieved VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority may appeal to afprefaid, That if any person fo convicted shall think him or herfelf aggrieved, he or (he shall and may make his or her ap-raination^hall *n writing t0 the next quarter feffions of the peace for the be final. city* town, or county where such conviction shall be made, where the fame shall be heard, and finally determined; and if And they may the said person fo appealing shall not make good such his or her allow colts,	'	"	*	'	*	~

and commit the offender till payment. If the appellant make good his appeal, the informer shall pay cofts.

Penalty of felling bread mixed with

appeal, or prosecute it with effect, the said court of feffions shall award such cofts as they shall think reasonable to the profecutor or informer, and commit the offender to the common gaol, until he or (he shall make payment of the said cofts, and also of the penalty adjudged on the conviction, to the informer; but in cafe the said appellant shall make good his appeal, and be dif-charged of his or her said conviction, the like reafonable cofts shall be awarded for the appellant against such informer, who (hould (in case of conviction) have been entitled to the said penalty, to be recovered, as aforesaid.

. VII. Provided alfo. That if any baker, or feller of bread, shall put into any bread by him fold or expofed to fale, any other grain mixture of any other grain than what shall be appointed by the than appoint- affile fettled in the place where such bread shall be fo fold or by theaflize. expofed to fale, every such person fo offending, lhall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be had and recovered in the manner and form herein before-mentioned 5 Penalty of any and if any mayor, alderman, or justice of the peace, (hall, on magiftrate any information made to him of any offences committed against negle&ing hw thjs a(c^ wilfully and wittingly omit the performance of his du-ty thereupon, in the execution of this act, he shall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be recovered by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty's courts at TVeJlminJicr, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance.

VIII. And that the good defign of this statute may be the* more effectually accomplifhed, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, or any one of them, within the said city and liberties thereof, and alio to and for the said chief magiftrate or magiftrates, or justices of peace, or any one of them, within the limits of their feveral jurisdictions, at all times hereafter, in the day-time, to enter into any houfe, (hop, ftallf bake-houfe, ware-houfe, or out-houfe, of or belonging to any baker or feller of bread, there to fearch for, view, weigh, ana try, all or any the bread of such perfon, or which shall there be found; and if any bread shall there be found wanting, either in the goodnefs of the fluff, whereof the fame shall be lJt* &c- , made, or be deficient in the due baking or working thereof, or give it to the ^ wantec* in the due weight, or mall not be truly marked poor.	according	to	the	directions	of	this act, or shall be of any other

fort than shall be allowed by virtue of this act, that then and in

every

The lord mayor. See. may enter the hoiiles of bakers to view the bread.

and if it be |ound wanting,

in goodnefs, baking, weight. See.





1709.]	Anno	txflavo Annas. c. 18.	Si

every such cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for such lord

mayors alderman or aldermen, chief magiftratfe or magiftrates,

juftices or iuftice of the peace, to ftize and take the bread fo

found, and caufe the fame to be forthwith given and diftributed

to the poor of the parifti where such feizure shall be made; and Penalty on

if any baker or feller of bread, or other person or pcrfohs, shall baker. See.

not permit or fuffer such fearch or feizure to be made, or shall j?PHing f^b ,

oppofe, hinder, or refill the fame, he or they fo doing, (hall,Icarc ’

for every such offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to the

informer or informers, to be had and recovered in the luminary

manner and form herein before mentioned.

IX. And it is hereby further enadted, That if any adtion or In a&ioni fuit shall be Comnlenced or brought against any mayor, chief bought for magiftrate, justice of peace, conftable, or any other officer or of perlon whatsoever, for doing, orcaufing to be done, any thing defendant* ih purfuance or execution of this adl, or relating thereunto, the may plead the defendant in such adtion or fuit may pjead the general iffue, and fencral i(fue* give the fpfedal matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff be non- ai£j ^ have luited, or difeontinue bis adlion, or a verdidt be given for the double cofts. defendant, or judgment be otherwise given for the defendant, eveiy such defendant shall have double cods.

X* Provided always, That this adl, nor any thing therein Thls a& contained, shall extend to prejudice any right or cuftom of the njrhts of city of London, or the pradtice there ufed, or of the lord or lords the city of of any leet, to fet, ertquire, and punilh the breach of aflize of London, &c. breaa within their refpedlive leets or views of frankpledge, nor of the clerk or clerk* of the market.	Perfons

XI.	Provided nevertheless. That no person punched by this nUhed ^by'this

aid, shall be for the fame offence profecuted by any other law, a61 shall not (latute, ufage, or cuftom whatfoever.	be profecurcd

XII.	And whereas there hive been great abufes in ajjizing bread, by the variety of bujhels and other meafures ufed in different aw* places, and though to rectify such abufes, feveral good laws have been made piirfuant to the great charter, That there Jhall be but one meafure

to be ufed throughout ail the realm, particularly one aft made in the

two and twentieth year of the reign of the late Kifig Charles the Se~ The ad made

cotid, intituled^ An adl for afeertaining the meafures of corn and 2lCar»a* c* *•

fait, and another aft made in the two and twentieth and three and

twentieth yeari of Kihg Charles the Second, intituled, An additional and the ad

adl for afeertaining the meafures of Corn and fait, yet the said ** &ijCar.s.

good laws have not hitherto been obfervedas they ought to have been; c- I1#

therefore for the better and ftridter obfervarion of the fame, all

juftices of the peace, conftables, and other officers, are hereby

ftridlly commanded and required to fee the said feVeral ads put

in due execution, and all justices of afilze, and justices of the

peace, are in their feveral and refpedlive charges at their affizes t0 be put in

or feflions of the peace, to enforce and prefs the execution of execution,and

the said laws, and to ufe all legal methods to make the said laws, judges, See.

and also this prefcnt adt, to be effectually pradtifed and ob- f^arc"1 ferved.	n c rg .

XIII.	Provided always, That neither this adl, nor any thing

Vo*.« XII.	G	therein

82	Anno	oftavo	Annas. c. 19.	f	1709,

Thi* aft (hat! therein contained, shall extend or be conftrued to extend to pre-tbc	3udice anc*ent right or cuftom of the two univerfities of Ox-

eithc?univer- for<* and Cambridge, or either of them, or their clerks of the* fity. '	#	market, or the practice within the feveral jurifdiftions there

* ufed, to fet, afeertain, and appoint the aflize and weight of all *	forts of bread, to be fold or expofed to (ale within their feveral

jurifdiftions; but that they shall and may feverally and refpec-tively, from time td time, as there shall be occafion, fet, aicer-tain, and appoint, within their feveral and refpeftivc jurisdictions, the aflize and weight of all forts of bread to be fold or expofed to fale, by any baker or other person whatfoever, within the limits of their feveral jurifdiftions, and shall and may enquire and punifh the breach thereof, as fully and freely, in all refpefts as they ufed to do, as if this aft had never been had or made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

To continue XIV. Provided always. That this aft shall continue for three for 3 years, years, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parlia-*c#	ment, and no longer.

Continued by 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. cap. 26. fefl. 4. with fome alterations.

Continued by 5 Geo. 1. cap. 25. for five years.

Continued by 10 Geo. 1. cap. 17. for fevenyears, tsfc.

And farther continued by 3 Geo. 2. c. 29. feft. 1. until Mfcrch*. I738-

By 12 Geo. 2. c. 13. and amended ; and fa 22 Geo. 2. c. x6. to 24 June 1757. and to the end of the next fejfion, and amended.

CAP. XIX.

An aS for the encouragement of learnings by vefting the copies of printed books in the author's or purchafers of fucb copies, during the times therein mentioned.

WHEREAS printers, booifellers, and other persons have of late frequently taken the liberty of printing, reprinting, and fublijhing, or caufing to be printed, reprinted, and publijhed, books and other writings, without the confent of the authors or proprietors of fuel) books and writings, to their very great detriment, and too u	often to the ruin of them and their families: for preventing there-

After 10April f°re pra&ices for the future, and for the encouragement

1710.	the au- of learned men to compofe and write ufeful books ; may it pleafe thors of books your Majcfty, that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the cd^vv^o^have Qi,een s excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-not transfer- ^cnt	I°rds	fpiritual	and temporal, and commons, in this

red their present parliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the fame, rights, and That from and after the tenth day of April, one thousand feven the bookfel- hundred and ten, the author of any book or books already have purchaf0 printed, who hath not transferred to any other the copy or cd copies, shall copies of such book or books, (hare or mares thereof, or the have the foie. bookfeller or bookfellers, printer or printers, or other person right of print-	or

6

by 

1709.]	Anno	odavo	Anna.	c. 19.	S3

or perfons, who hath or have purchafed or acquired the copy or’mg them for copies of any book or books, in order to print or reprint thetlle term °f fame, shall have the foie right and liberty of printing such book an/theVu-and books for the term of one and twenty years, to commence thors of book* from the said tenth day of Aprils and no longer; and that the not printed, to author of any book or books already compofed, and not print- haYe thfe f°le ed and publifhed, or that shall hereafter be compofed, and his [ngfor i*™ * aflignee or afligns, shall have the foie liberty of printing and re-years, printing such book and books for the term of fourteen years, to runifhmeatof commence from the day of the firft publifhing the fame, and no bookfeller, longer ; and that if any other bookfeller, printer, or other per- wjCtho™^Ifi fon whatsoever, from and after the tenth day of April, one thou- fent of the fand feven hundred and ten, within the times granted and li- proprietor* mited by this ad, as aforesaid, shall print, reprint, or import, or caufe to be printed, reprinted, or imported, any such book or books, without the confent of the proprietor or proprietors thereof firft had and obtained in writing, figned in the prefence of two or more credible witnefles; or knowing the fame to be fo printed or reprinted, without the confent of the proprietors,

(hall fell, publilh, or expofe to fale, or caufe to be fold, publifhed, or expofed to fale, any such book or books, without such confent firft had and obtained, as aforesaid : then such offender or offenders shall forfeit such book or books, and all and every (heet or (heets, being part of such book or books, to the proprietor or proprietors of the copy thereof, who shall forthwith dama(k, and make wafte paper of them; and further, That every such offender or offenders shall forfeit one penny for every •

(heet which shall be found in his, her, or their cuftody, either* printed or printing, publifhed, or expofed to fale, contrary to the true intent and meanirig of this ad; the one moiety thereof to the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to any person or persons that shall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at JVe/lminflery by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no wager of law, effoin, privilege, or pro-tedion, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

II. And whereas many persons may through ignorance offendagainfl this aft, unlej's fome provifon be made> whereby the property in every such book, as is intended by this aft to be Jecured to the proprietor or proprietors thereof may be afeertained, as likewife the confent of such proprietor or proprietors for the printing or reprinting of such book or books may from time to time be known ; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this ad con- Copies to be tained mall be conftrued to extend to fubjed any bookfeller, entred before printer, or other person whatfoever, to the forfeitures or penal- publication in ties therein mentioned, for or by reason of the printing or re-	the

printing of any book or books without such confent, as afore-company of faid, unlefs the title to the copy of such book or books hereafter ftationers s publifhed (hall, before such publication, be entred in the regi-fter book of the company of ftationers, in such manner as hath been ufual, which regifter book shall at all times be kept at the

G 2	hall

- ’

any time without fee. Clerk of the

company to give a certifi cate of fuch

entry.

Anno oftavo Ann^. C. 19;	[ 17og•

hall of the said company, and unlefs such confent of the proprietor or proprietors be in like manner entred as aforesaid, for every of which feveral entries, f}x pence shall be paid, and no more ; which said regifter book may, at all feafonable and con-^fpeded'at ven*ent	be reforted to, and infpe&ed by any bookfeller,

•	printer,	or other perfon, for the purpofes before-mentioned,

without any fee or reward; and the clerk of the said company of ftationers (l\all, when and as often as thereunto required,

!pve a certificate under his hand of such entry or entries, and or eveiy such certificate may take a fee not exceeding fix pence*

III. Provided nevertheless. That if the clerk of the said com-Pfnahy of the pany of ftationers for the time being, shall refufe or neglcft to derk refufing regifter, or make such entry or entries, or to give such certifi-fo to do. cate, being thereunto required by the author or proprietor of such copy or copies,* in the prefence of two or more credible witneffes. That then such person and persons fo refufing, notice being firft duly given of such refufal, by an advertifement in the Gazette, shall have the like benefit, as if such entry or entries, Certificate or certificates had been duly made and given; and that the clerks fo refufing, (hall, for any such offence, forfeit to the proprietor of such copy or copies the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejiminfier, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no wager of law, effoin, privilege or protedtion, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

After *« Mar. IV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted

1710.	the * by the authority aforesaid, That if any bookfeller or bookfellers, archbifhop of printer or printers, (hall, after the said five and twentieth day Canterbury, Gf March, one thousand feven hundred and ten, fet a price upon, or fell, or expofe to fale, any book or books at such a price or rate as shall be conceived by any person or peufons to be too high and unreafonablc ; it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, to make complaint thereof to the lord archbi-fhop of Canterbury for the time being, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, the lord biihop of London for the time being, the lord chief justice of the court of Queen's Bench, the lord chief justice of the court of Common Pleasy the lord chief baron of the court of Exchequer Tor the time being, the vice chancellors of the two univerfities for the time being, in that part of Great Britain called England; the lord prefident of the feflions for the time being, the lord chief justice general for the time being, the lord chief baron of the Exchequer for the time being, the redtor of the college of Edinburgh for the time being, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland \ who, or any one of them, shall and have hereby full power and authority, from time to time, to fend for, fummon, or call before him or them such bookfeller or bookfellers, printer or printers, and to examine and enquire of the reason of the dearnefs and inhauncement of the price or value of such book or books by him or them fo fold or expofed to fale ; and if upon such enquiry and examination it lhall be found,

that

&c. to fettle the prices of books, upon complaint made that they art un-realonable.



1709.]	Anno	o&avo	Ann	c.	19.

85

that the price of such book or books is inhaunced, or any wife too high or unreafonable, then and in such cafe the said arch-bilhop of Canterbury, lord chancellor or lord keeper, bifhop of London, two chief juftices, chief baron, vice chancellors of the univerfities, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the said lord prefident of the feflions, lord justice genera!, lord chief baron, and the recftor of the college of Edinburgh, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any one or more of them, fo enquiring and examining, have hereby full power and authority to reform and redrefs the fame, and to limit and fettle the price of every such printed book and books, from time to time, according to the beft' of their judgments, and as to them shall feem juft and reafonable; and in case of alteration of and if altered the rate or price from what was fet or demanded by such book- from theprice feller or bookfellers, printer or printers, to award and order such |£tc bookfeller and bookfellers, printer and printers, to pay all the ^ toypay cofts and charges that the person or persons fo complaining shall coils to the be put unto, by reason of such complaint, and of the caufing such Pai?X com* rate or price to be fo limited and fettled; all which shall be done PlamulK* by the said archbilhop of Canterbury, lord chancellor or lord keeper, bilhop of London, two chief juftices, chief baron, vice chancellors of the two univerfities, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the said lord prefident of the feflions, lord justice general, lord chief baron, and iccftorof the college of Edinburgh, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any one of them, by writing under their hands and feals, and thereof publick notice shall be forthwith given by the said bookfeller or bookfellers, printer or printers, by an advertifement in the Gazette; and if any bookfeller or bookfellers, printer or printers. Penalty on fhall, after such fettlement made of the said rate and price, fell, bookfellers or expofe to fale, any book or books, at a higher or greater price, *r ,g than what shall have been fo limited and fettled, as afbrefaid, then, and in every such cafe such bookfeller and bookfellers, printer and printers, shall forfeit the fum of five pounds for e-very such book fo by him, her, or them fold or expofed to fale 5 one moiety thereof to the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to any person or persons that shall fue for the fame, to be recoverea, with cofts of fuit, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler^ by action of .debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no wager of law, efloin, privilege, or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That nine After 10 Apr# copies of each book or books, upon the beft paper, that from 9 and after the said tenth day of Aprils one thousand feven hun- j£aii bedeli-dred and ten, shall be printed and publi(hcd, as aforesaid, or ed to the ware, reprinted and publifhed with additions, (hall, by the printer and houfe keeper printers thereof, be delivered to the warehouse keeper of the comp*-faid company of ftationers for the time being, at the hall of the e^foAhe1* said company, before such publication made, fortheufeof the ufe’of the unw royal l ibrary, the libraries of the univerfities of Oxford and Cant- verfity libra*

Q 3

bridge ^ ries, Sfc.





Anno octavo Anna. c. 19.'	[1709.

bridge, the libraries of the four univerfities in Scotland, the library of Sion College in London, and the library commonly called the library belonging to the faculty of advocates at Bdin~ w ,	- burgh refpeftively; which said warehoufe keeper is hereby re-

keepcr°to de- <luired within ten days after demand by the keepers or the liver the books refpeftive libraries, or any person or persons by them or any 10 days after of them authorized to demand the said copy* to deliver the demand* fame, for the ufe of the aforesaid libraries; and if any pro-Penalty of prietor, bookfeller, or printer, or the said warehoufe keeper of proprietor,&c. the said company of ftationers, shall not obferve the direftion ?hedirefti'ons	a<^ herein, that then Ije and they fo making default in

•f this aft.	not delivering the said printed copies, as aforesaid, shall forfeit*

befides the value of the said printed copies, the fcim of five pounds for every copy not fo delivered, as also the value of the (aid printed copy not fo delivered, the fame to be recovered by the Queen’s majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, and by the chancellor, matters, and fcholars of any of the said univerfities, and by the prefident and fellows of Sion College, and the said faculty of advocates at Edinburgh, with their full cofts refpeftively. Penalties in VI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any, Scotland, how person or persons incur the penalties contained in this aft, in recoveiable. that part of Great Britain called Scotland, they shall be recoverable by any aftion before the court of feffion there.

VII.	Provided, That nothing in this aft contained, do extend, or shall be conftrued to extend to prohibit the importation, vending, or felling of any books in Greek, Latin, or any other foreign language printed beyond the feas ; any thing in this aft: contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That if any aftion or fuit shall be commenced or brought a-gainft any person or persons whatfoever, for doing or caufing to be done any thing in purfuance of this aft, the defendants in such aftion may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial mat-

General iffue. ter in evidence; and if upon such aftion a verdift be given for the defendant, or the plaintiff become nonfuited, ordifeontinue his aftion, then the defendant shall have and recover his full cofts, for which he shall have the fame remedy as a defendant in any cafe by law hath.

IX.	Provided, That nothing in this aft contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, either to prejudice or confirm any right that the said univerfities, or any of them, or any person or persons have, or claim to have, to the printing or reprinting any book or copy already printed, or hereafter to be printed.

X.	Provided nevertheless, That all aftions, fuits, bills, in-diftments, or informations for any offence that shall be com-

to'be broughtm,ttec* against this aft, shall be brought, fued, and commenced in 3 months. within three months next after such offence committed, or elfe *	the fame shall be void and of none effeft.

^ears the ,+	Provided always. That after the expiration of the faid

right’of print-tcrm °f fourteen years, the foie right of printing or. difpofing of ing, &c. to re-	copies

•This aft not to hinder the importation. See. of books in Greek, See. printed beyond lea.

This aft not

to prejudice the right of the univerfities.

Aftions for offences a-



1709*1 Anno o&avo Ann.®. c. 20,21.	87

copies shall return to the authors thereof, if they are then living, for another term of fourteen years.

CAP. XX.

tarn to the author for other 14. years.

An act for rai&tg the militia for the year one tboufand (even hundred and ten, although the month's pay formerly advanced, be not repaid. EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An act far vefting certain lands, tenements, and beredita-	/

ments in truftees, for the better fortifying and fecuring the harbours and docks at Portfmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

WHERE A S in purfuance of an a ft of parliament pajfed in 7 Ann. c. 16* the feventhyear of her now Majefly's reign, intituled, An act for appointing commilfioners to treat and agree for such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as shall be jud^d proper to be purchafed for the better fortifying Portfrpouth, Chatham, and Harwich, her Majejly was pleafed by letters patents under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date at Weftminlter the feventeenth day of June, in the eighth year of her reign, to authorize certain per fans therein mentioned,, or any five or more of them, to male Purveys of and particularly deferibe all Juch lands, tenements, and Hereditaments9 as are proper to be purchafed for the ufes and purpofes aforesaid, and to execute all powers9 direftions, claufesy matterr, and tbingSy in the said aft contained: and whereas five or more of the said commiffioners have made furveys of and particularly deferibed by lineSy JlakeSy bcundarieSy and plansy Juch landsy tenements y and he-reditamentSy as they judged proper to be purchafed for the ufes and purpofes in the said aft mentioned, and have likewife treated and a-greed with feveral of the owners and others interefled in the said landsy tenementsy and hereditaments^ who were able and willing to treat and agree for the fame: and whereas feveral proprietors of lands, tenementsy andhereditamentSy in the rejpeftive places 0/* Portfmouth,

Chatham, and Harwich, which were by five or more of the said commiffioners judged proper to be purchafedy have infifted upon extravagant rateSy and refujed to agree with the said commiffumerSy without unreafonable gain to themfelves; and other proprietors by reason of nonagey coverturey or efpecial limitations in fettlementSy were dtfabled to treat and agree, as aforesaid; for which reafons five er more of the said commiffionersy purfuant to the said at7, ijjued out their warrants to the Jheriffs of each county, where the said feveral landsy tenementSy and hereditaments rejpeftively Toy, to impanel and return before thetiy at such times and places as by such warrants were appointed, a fuff -eient juryy and at such times and places refpeftivelyy a fufficitnt jury appearedy who upon their oaths did enquire intOy and present the true value of all Juch lands, tenement1, and hereditaments, and the efates and intfrefls therein as the said commijjioners could not agree fory as aforesaid\ which feveral verdifts or inquifttions have been returned and certifiedy with the whole proceedings thereupony to her Majejlyy into the high court of Chancery, purfuant, and according to the said of parliament $ and it being highly necejfary9 that all andfngular

G+	the





88

Anno nono Ann^e. c. i, 2.	[1710.'

the proprietors, owners, W pojfejfors, should be paid their fevered and refpeftive fums agreed for, and the fevered fums ajfejfed by the juries on oath, as aforesaid, and that the feveral lands, tenements, hereditaments, fhould, upon payment of the said fums, be vefttd in her Majejly, for fo/>5 and fucceffors, to and fir the ufes and pur-pofes aforesaid\ be it enadted, bV.

After 10 April, 1710, the raefTuages,&c. fpecified by inquifitions returned, are fettled in truftess, for the ule of the refpettive owners. The Queen may appoint commiflioners, who may determine all rights, &c. The com-miflioners tQ enter their decrees in books, &c. Which decrees shall be certified to the clerk of the crown, and be final. The commiflioners shall give 30 days notice of their meeting. How the proprietors shall be paid for their refpe&ive eftates. No private buildings to be ere&ed on any filch lands. If any houfe, &c. shall belong to perions difabled to receive the /money, the commiflioners may order it to be paid for their ufe, and laid out for purchafing other lands for the parties interefted ; and till such pur-ichafe can be had, the commiflioners to place out the money at intereft, to be paid to the refpe&ive parties.

Anno Regni ANN7E Regime nono.

AT	the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter

the twenty fifth day of November, Anno Dom. 1710, in the ninth year of the reign of our fovereign lady • h the record An.ne> **he	grace of God	of'Great: Britain, France, and

is added, and Ireland, Queen, defender of the faith, &c. * betvg the Jirjt fcvwTad by feffl0n °f present parliament.

Journmentstill the twelfth day of July, in the tenth year of her Majefly's reign.

CAP. I.

An a6l for granting an aid to her Majefty, to be raifed bv a land tax In Great Britain, for the fervice of the year onethoufana feven hundred and eleven. 4 s. in ike pound. EXP.

CAP. II.

An act to oblige Jhips coming from places infefted, more effectually to perform their quarentine.

WHEREAS feveral places on or near the Baltick fea are and have been, for fome timepajl, infefted with the plague $ and her Majejly, for preventing that infefthn being brought into her dominions by per ferns or merchandizes coming from places infefted, hath by feveral orders made by her in council, and by her royal proclamation,

1 dated the ninth day ^November, in the ninth year of her Majeftf'S reign, required a quarentine to be performed by all jhips and persons coming from places infefted, as therein is direfted: and whereas it is nccejfary that fome provifm be made by aft of parliament for obliging

all

i

 j

$9

1710.]	Anno hono Anna, c, 3,-5;

all persons concerned to perform their quarentine in such manner at bath beens or Jball be, in times of infection, ordered by her Majefty, her heirs and fiuceffors, and for puntjbing offenders therein, in a more expeditious manner than at present can be in the ordinary methods of the law 1 be it enabled, &c.

All (hips coming from places infefited, to make their quarentine in fuch

^£0. as (mill be dire&ed by her Majefty, &c. No person shall go 09 fucb (hips without licence $ and luch (hips, perlons, See. shall be fubjedt to the orders of the Queen, See. After tne 15th of Dec. 1710, if any matter, &c. shall go onftiore, See. or permit any person fo to do, without licence, the (hip, &c. shall be forfeited to the Queen. Perfont coming on (hore, to be compelled to return on board, kthere to re-jmain during the quarentine. PunHhroent of persons leaving such (hip. Forfeiture, now to be applied. Perfons going on board such (hip, and returning on (hore, to be compelled to return on board again, there to remain during the quarentine. The person who takes care of the quarea-tine, may leize any boat belonging to the (hip, and detain it during the

Jpiarentine. Punifoment of such perfon, fuffering any feaman, &c. to quit uch (hip. Watches to be kept to prevent perfon*frora coming on (hore, or goingon board. After the quarentine is perforhoed, and proof made thereof upon oath, and certificate given, the (hip. Scc. to be no longer detained. 1 s. only to be paid for (uch oath and certificate, over ana a-bove the ftamp duties. After the quarentine performed, the goods to be open'd and air'd. R E P. 7 Gea. 1. c. 3. f. is.

CAP. III.

An act for charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and peny, for the fervice of the year one tbouiand (even hundred and eleven. EXP.

CAP. IV.

An a& to continue the a6h for recruiting her Majetty’s land forces and marines, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and eleven. Officers shall receive fuen person as shall voluntary lift himfdf before any two commiffioners, who shall caufe the 14th and 23d articles of war to be read to him, after which he shall be deemed a lifted foldier.

If any adtion be brought for a juft debt (not lefs than 101.) against such volunteer, and he be arrefted, and then discharged as a lifted (oldier, he (liall within two months be fent beyond fea, to ferve the Queen as a foldier; otherwise he shall hkve noprotedlion as a foldier. This provifo altered by 9 Ann®, c. o. fedh s. The person who discharges him, shall make an entry thereof; Commiffioners shall examine persons lifted, and if they are feamen, they shall be discharged. Commiffioners to meet from time to time. EXP.

CAP. V.

An an	for fccuring	the freedom of , by	the

* farther qualifying the members to fit in the boufe of commons.

FO R the better preferring the conftitution and freedom of No person ftialj parliament, be it enabled and declared by the Queen's mod be a member, excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cohfent of the	D04

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- an ’	•

liamcnt aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the determination of this present parliament, no perfon

jq	Anno	nono Annjb. c.5.	[1710.

fon shall be capable to (it or vote as a member of the houfe of commons, for any county, city, borough, or cinque port, within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of fiValet* and town of Berwick upon Tweed, who shall not have an eftate, freehold or copyhold, for his own life, or for fome greater eftate, either in law or equity, to and for his own ufe and benefit, of or in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over clear from in-and above what will fatisfy and clear all incumbrances that may curabrances, affedt the fame, lying or being within that part of Great Britain and lying in called England, the dominion of IVales, and town of Berwick Eng and, viz. 7^^ of the refpedtive annual value hereafter limited, Every knight videlicet, The annual value of fix hundred pounds, above re-of a (hire, prizes, fori every knight of a (hire; and the annual value of 600I. a year, three hundred pounds, above reprizes, for every citizen, bur-&^Too^.t,aCU, or baron rfthe cinque ports; and that if any perfon, who year.	(hall be eledted or returned to ferve in any parliament, as a

Any person knight of a (hire, or as a citizen, burgefs, or baron of the returned, who cinque ports, shall not, at the time of such election and return, an^ftate, the b®	of, or entitled to such an eftate, in lands, tenements,

return fliall be or hereditaments, as for such knight, or for such citizen, bur-void.	gefs, or baron refpedtively, is herein before required or limited,

fuch eledtfbn and return shall be void.

This aft not	Prov^ed always, That nothing in this adt contained,

to extend to	extend to make the eldeft fon, or heir apparent of any

the eldelt fon peer, or lord of parliament, or of any person qualified by this of apeer,orof adt to ferve as knight of a (hire, uncapable of being eledted and ' fi^to^eTve” returne^» an<* fi^ng and voting as a member of the houfe of as knight of a commons, in any parliament.

(hire.	III.	Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained.

The univerfi- shall extend, or be conftrued to extend to either of the univer-and return ^cs *n t^at Part Great Britain called England, but that they, members as and each of them may eledt and return members to reprefent formerly. them in parliament, as heretofore they have done; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

N . IV. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a-quahfied by forcGud, That no person whatfbever shall be conftrued to be virtue of any qualified to fit in the houfe of commons, within the meaning of i^srtgage9un- this act, by virtue of any mortgage whatfoever, whereof the lefs the mort- equity of redemption^ is in any other person or persons, unlefs ee shall have been in pofleflion of the mortgaged lion 7 years prcmi0e$, for the fpace of feven years before the time of his before thee- eledtion; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-leltion. (landing.

Every candi- V. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the autho-*late,at the re- rity aforesaid. That every person (except as aforesaid) who from tiler candi”0' an(* *^cr determination of this present parliament, shall date, or of appear as a candidate, or (hall, by himfelf or any others, be pro-two of the pofed to be eledted to ferve as a member for the houfe of com-voters, fliall mons, for any county, city, borough, or cinque port in England* tovring^b"	or Berwick.qpon Tweedy (hall, and he is hereby enjoined



1710.]	Anno	nono Ann.®, c. 5.	91

and required, upon reafonable requeft to him to be made (at the time of such election, or before the day to be prefixed in the writ of fummons for the meeting of the parliament) by any other person who shall (land candidate at such ele&ion, or by any two or more persons having right to vote at such de&ion, take a corporal oath in the form, or to the effect following:

1A. B. do /wear, That I truly and bona fide have such an The oath.

tflate in law or equity, to and for my own ufe and benefit, of or in lands, tenements, or hereditaments (over and above what will fa-tisfy and clear all incumbrances that may off eft the fame) of the annual value of fix hundred pounds, above reprizes, as doth qualify me to be elefted and returned to ferve as a member for the county of

according to the tenor and true meaning of the aft of parliament in that behalf \ and that my find lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are lying or being within the parijb, townjhipy or precinft of Or, in the feveral parijbes, townjbips, or precinfts of in the county of	Or, in the feveral counties

of	(as	the cafe may be)

VI.	And in cafe such candidate or person is to ferve for any city, if the candi-

borough, or cinque port, then the said oath shall relate only to date be for a the said value of three hundred pounds per annum, and betaken Clty> ?cj.thc to the fame effect, mutatis mutandis, as is hereby preferibed for {^te only t*>" the oath of a person to ferve as a member for such coilnty, as 3ool. per ann. aforesaid.	mutatu mu-

VII.	And it is hereby enatfted. That the refpe&ive oaths a- *£**• forefaid shall and may be adminiftred by the ftieriff, or under be'admfnif0 (heriff, for any such county, as aforesaid, or by the mayor, ter'd by the bailiff, or other officer or officers for any city, borough, or (heriff, &c. port, to whom it shall appertain to take the poll, or make the who shall return at such ele&ion for the fame county, borough, or port refpedtivelv, or by any two or more justices of the peace with- the taking in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed; and the said (her- thereof, cer-iff, mayor, bailiff, or other officers, and the said justices of the f'fy th* lame peace refpeftively, who shall adminifter the said oaths, are hereby keen’s Bench required to certify the taking thereof into her Majefty’s higk o^chancery, court of Chancery, or the Queen's Bench, within three months or forfeit 100!. after the taking the fame, under the penalty of forfeiting the moiety to fun* of one hundred pounds, to wit, one moiety thereof to the *j^j|ohim Queen, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons wh0 will fue, as will fue for the fame, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit &c.withcofti, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfier\ and if any of the

faid candidates or persons propofed to be ele<fted, as aforesaid, fhall wilfully refufe, upon reafonable requeft to be made at the Candidate retime of the election, or at any time before the day upon which fufing to take such parliament by the writ of fummons is to meet, to take the the oath, his oath hereby required, then the election and return of such can- ®<^(j#,on t0 didate or person shall be void*

VIII.	And





92	Anno nono	c.6.	[1710^

One (hillinjr VIII. ^nc* 5t 1S hcrcby enacted, That no fee or reward shall only for admi- ** taken, for adminiftring any such oath, or making, receiving, niftring the or filing the certificate thereof, except one (hilling for admi-6ath. »s. for niftring the oath, and two (hillings for makina the certificate, andisatfcn- tWO	for Reiving and filing the feme, under the

filing1; Penal- Pcnalty of twenty pounds, to be forfeited by the offender, and ty *ol, to t>e recovered ana divided, as aforesaid.

CAP. VI.

An act for reviving, continuing., and appropriating certain duties upon feveral commodities to be exported j and certain duties upon coals to be water-born and carried coajlwife; and for granting further duties upon candles, for thirty two years, to raife fifteen hundred tboufand pounds, by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and eleven; and for fupprefftng such unlawful lotteries, and such infurance offices, as are therein mentioned.

MA Y it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, we your Ma-jefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous, by the moft fpeedy, eafy, and effectual ways and means, to raiie the neceffary fupplies for profecuting the present war, (in which for the appli- your Majefty hath been for feveral years engaged) against the eation of the French king, and for enabling your Majefty, at the end thereof, to cftaMi(h a good and lading peace, have for that end and pur-9 Ann. c. pofe given and granted, and do by this present a<$t give and f. 85. grant unto your Majefty, the feveral-cuftoms, fubfidies, and other duties, for and upon such feveral goods, merchandizes, and commodities to be exported, or which shall be (hipped to be exported from or out of Great Britain, as are herein after ex-prefled; and such duties upon coals, culm, and cynders, which are or shall be water-born and carried from any port or place of Great Britain, to any other port or place of the fame; and such further duties upon candles made in Great Britain, or impprted into the fame, as are hereafter in this act more particularly mentioned ; and we do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enadted; and be it enaefted by the Queen’s moft excel-. lent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, in form following : Whereas by an act of parliament made and pafled in the Car. zi c. 4./twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, (of blefled memory) commonly called, The aft of tonnage and poundage, (amongft other things thereip contained) a certain fubfidy of poundage for and upon all manner of goods and merchandizes to be carried out of the realm of England, or any the dominions to the farne belonging, that is to fay, twelve pence of the value of every twenty fiullings, of the fame good?



17 ro.]	Anno	nono	Ann,®,	c.6.

and merchandizes, according to the feveral and particular rates and values thereof, as they were particularly and refpedlively rated and valued in the book therein mentioned and referred unto, and other duties, were granted to his said late Majefty, during his life, except as therein is excepted: and whereas after granting the said fubfidy, as aforesaid, feveral other a6ts of parliament have been made, whereby the said fubfidy of poundage, or fome part or parts of the faia fubfidy of poundage, for and upon feveral of the said goods, merchandizes, and commodities, exported or to be exported, as aforesaid, were (together with feveral cuftoms or duties upon goods and merchandizes imported) granted for feveral terms fucceflively, the laft of which terms was granted by an a<5t of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for making good deficiencies, and prefer v-ing the publick credit, and continued until tne firft day of Auguft, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and tenj and the said fubfidy of poundage, as to feveral goods, merchandizes, and commodities exported, which were originally charged therewith by the said a& of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, hath been, by feveral ads of parliament, fince taken away, leflened, or altered: now it is hereby enadted by the authority aforesaid, That fo much of the said fubfidy of poundage, and other duties, firft granted by the said adfc of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as aforesaid) on feveral goods and merchandizes exported, as did remain or had continuance until the firft day of AuguJlj in this present year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and ten, or which by force or virtue of the said aof the firft year of her Majefty's reign. For making good deficiencies, and the a6t of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, For the union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland, or by any other a<ft or adts of parliament relating thereunto, were payable or exiftent on the laft day of July, in the said year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and ten, for any goods or merchandizes exported, (hall, by force and virtue of this a<ft, be revived, and be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and upon the like goods and merchandizes reflectively to be exported from Great Britain, from and after the eighth day of March> in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and ten, at any time or times, within or during the term of thirty two years from thence next enfuing, (other than and except such duties as were formerly granted to be paid upon the exportation of fea coals for parts beyond the feas, in-ftead whereof other duties are impofed 'by this present adt.)

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That the (aid fubfidy of poundage, and other duties upon goods and merchandizes exported, hereby revived and continued, during all the term of years therein granted, as aforesaid, and all arrearages of the fame, shall and may, from time to time, be railed, received, levied, and recovered, by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such allowances

9$

t Ann. fiat. x. c. X}«

i% Car.*, c.4.

Subfidy of poundage, &c. outwards, reviv'd and continued for 3* years from 8 March, 1710. made perpetual by 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. f. 1.

5 Ann. c. 8* See 8 Geo. 1, c. 15* f* 7•

How thefe duties shall be raifed.



9+	Anno	nono	Ann.®,	c.	6.	[1710.

ances for goods loft or taken at feaj and such other allowances, and in such manner and form, as the like fubfidy of poundage and other duties, which continued until the said firft day of Augufiy one thousand feven hundred and ten, were or might be railed, received, levied, or recovered by any law or statute which was in force on the said laft day of 7*7y, one thousand #	feven hundred and ten; and that fo much of the said aft of the

12 Car. a.c. 4- twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and of the order of the commons in parliament aflemblcd, bearing date the feventeenth day of Mayy one thousand fix hundred and fixty two, for fettling of officers fees, and all such claufes, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, contained in the aft laft-mentioned, or in anv other aft or afts of parliament what-foever, as on the said laft day of July, one thousand feven hundred and ten, were in force, for tne railing, receiving, levying, or recovering, or for making allowances out of the said fubfidy of poundage and other duties on goods or merchandizes exported, which had continuance until the said firft day of Auguft% one thousand feven hundred and ten, shall be revived, praftifed and put in execution, for railing, receiving, levying, and recovering, or making allowances out of the fubfidy of poundage and other duties hereby impofed on goods and merchandizes to be exported, during the said term 01 thirty two years, and all arrearages of the fame, as fully and effeftually, as if they were particularly and at large recited and fet down in the body of this present aft.

Subfidy, &c. III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That where taken away or the fubfidy of poundage, or other duties formerly granted, as dmimifhed by aforesaid, on goods or merchandizes exported, have been taken fiamentPnot awa}S in Part> or m r^e whole, upon any particular goods or revived.' merchandizes fo exported, by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament, or by any clause or claufes contained in any such aft or afts formerly made for taking away or diminifhing the fame, in all such cafes, the fubfidy or duty, or such part of the said fubfidy or duty fo taken away, shall not be revived or continued by virtue of this present aft •> any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Leather, &c. IV. And it is hereby also enafted by the authority aforesaid, may be'ex- That for and during the term of thirty two years, to be reckon-ported,paying ed from the eighth day of March, one thousand feven hundred

for* fears' anc* ten> 11 an^ may	f°r any person or perfdns,

^i7^L/natives foreigners, to buy in open fair or market, and to fy 3 Geo71. c. export and tranfport from Great Britain into Ireland, or any 7* f. 1. foreign parts beyond the feas, all forts of leather, (heep-(kins or calves-fkins, tanned, tawed, or drefled, paying for each hundred weight of all forts of leather, (heep-(kins and calves-(kins, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, and fo pro-portionably for a greater or lefler quantity, the fum of twelve pence, and no more 5 any former law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

, V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid.

That



^ *

17to.]	Anno nono Anna. c. 6.	95

That the feveral and refpcftive rates and duties herein after	n

mentioned, (and none other) shall be raifed, levied, collected, caaig (hipped and paid, unto and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and to be export-fucceflors, for and upon all coals, which at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years, to commence from the eighth day of March, in the present year of our^^c,*

Lord one thousand leven hundred and ten, shall be exported, or (hipped to be exported beyond the feas, (that is to lay) for all coals of Wales, or the weir of England, which shall be (hip- Wbat to be ped for exportation to Ireland, or the ifle of Man, the fum of paid for coals one (hilling for every chalder, (reckoning the chalder to confift of thirty fix bufhels Wtrichejler meafure) and after that rate for Ireland, or the a greater or lefler quantity* for eveiy chalder (like WincheJleriJU of Mm. meafure) of coals, which shall be (nipped for exportation to 9 A*11*- c« *3* any of her Majefty’s plantations, the fum of two (hillings, and*’ *0# proportionably for any greater or lefler quantity* and for every chalder of coals, (Newcajlle meafure) which shall be (hipped for exportation to any part9 beyond the feas, (other than as aforesaid) in foreign built bottoms, twelve (hillings, and in Englifb built bottoms, three (hillings, and after thofe rates for greater or lefler quantities * and for such coals which at any time during the said term of thirty two years, shall be fo exported, or (hipped to be exported, as aforesaid, for Ireland, or the ifle of Man, or for the plantations, or other parts beyond the Teas, (in cafe they are such coals as are ufually fold by weight) the proportional rates following: videlicet, for fuen coals to be exported for Ireland, or the Ifle of Man, eight pence per tun, reckoning the tun to be twenty hundred weight, and for such coals (hipped for exportation* to the plantations, fixteen pence for every such tun* and for every luch tun of such coals which shall be (hipped for exportation to any other parts beyond the feas, one third part of the said rates charged thereupon, in cafe they were (hipped by Newcajlle meafure, as aforesaid, and porportionally for greater or lefler quantities: the said refpeftivc duties on coals exported to be raifed, levied, uplifted, and recovered in the fame manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as any other cuftoms or duties, payable to her Majefty upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes, are by tnis aft, or by any other law or statute now in force, to be raifed, levied, uplifted, or recovered in England or Scotland refpeftivelv.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, Tnat good Security to be fecurity shall be given to the officers of the cuftoms in the re- given tor coal* fpeftive ports where any of the said coals shall be (hipped for	orthe

exportation to Ireland, the ifle of Man, or any of the said plan- *flc ^ Man, tations, for landing such coals in Ireland, the ifle of Man, or &c. such plantations refpeftively, and not elfewhere (danger of the feas and enemies exceptea) and in cafe the (hip or veflel, on which the coals for which such fecurity ought to be given, shall depart or go out of port without giving the fame, then such (hip or veflel* and the coals therein, or the value thereof, shall be

for-

96	Anno	nono	Ann-®, c. 6.	[1710*

The duties on forfeited, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety coals 15 Car.	to the ufe of th6 Queen, and the other moiety thereof

Ami. o **. 6 t0	uk PCr^on or persons as will feize, inform or fue

not to be for the fame.

charged dur- VII. And it is hefefcy provided and declared by the autho-rity af°refa^> That during the term of thirty two yeafrs laft-duties are laid mentioned, no duties shall be charged or railed to the ufe of her on coals ex- Majcfty, her heirs and fucc'eflbrs, for or upon the exportation ported in fo- of any coals to or for any of her Majefty’s plantations, by the reign bottoms, a<q. for the encouragement of trade, made in the fifteenth year of jJ*a c the reign of the said late King Charles the Second, or for any coals / 9. and per- to be exported in foreign bottoms, by an a£t rtiade in the fixth petuated by 6 year of her Majefty’s reign in that behalf, or for any coals Geo.i.r. 4./1. whatfoever, upon the exportation thereof to parts beyond the feas, other than the feveral and refpedtive rates and duties by this adt impofed upon the fame, during the continuance thereof i any other law or statute whatfoever to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

Duty upon VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, coals, culm. That for and during the term of thirty two years, commencing and cynders from the said eighth day of Marche in the year of our Lofd one wife* or	thoufand feven hundred and ten, and no longer, there fhall be

ported^urn raifed, levied, uplifted, collected, and paid, unto and for the Great Britain 5 ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all made perpetual coals, culm, and cynders, (except charcoal made of wood) fy^Geo. x.c.	Hiall be (hipped or water-born, and carried from any

7' * *’ port or place in Great Britain, to any other port or place within the fame, in such manner as is herein after exprefled; and for all coals, (if any such be) which shall be imported into Great Britain from any foreign parts, the feveral and refpe<5tive impofitions, rates, duties, and fums of money herein after Duty on coals mentioned, (over and above all such duties as are already grant-imported from ed or payable for or in refpedt of the fame coals, culm, and foreign parts, cynders, fo water-born, and carried coaftwife, and in refpedt Made^pcrpetnal°{	coais	fQ	imp0rted,	or	any	of	them) that is to fay*

7? f. i.CQ* * for a^ coals which at any time or times, within or during the said term of thirty two years laft-mefitioned, shall be imported or brought into the said kingdom of Great Britain from any part beyond the fea, (in cafe they are such coals as are moft ufually fold by weight) the fum of two (hillings for every tun, (reckoning the tun to confift of twenty hundred weight, and every hundred to confift of one hundred and twelve pounds weight of Averdupois) and after that rate for any greater or letter quantity; and for all coals fo imported from any part beyond the fea, being moft ufually fold by the chalder, 1 r by any other meafure whatfoever reducible to the chalder, the fum of three (hillings for every chalder, reckoning each chalder to confift of thirty fix budiels JVincheJler meafure, as afore-, faid, and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity of such coals fo imported, or brought in from any foreign parts; the said duties for foreign coals imported, or brought in as afore-

z 710.3	Anrio	nono	Ann^B.	c.	6.	97

laid, to be paid by the refpedtive importer or importers thereof9n °°^ car-and for all forts of coals from time to time fhipped, or water- ricd coaftw“c* born in order to be (hipped, or laid on board any (hip or vefiel to be carried by fea, and which shall be carried by fea, in any ihip or vefiel from any port or place within the said kingdom of Great Britain, and which at any time or times, within or during the fame term, shall be imported, brought of landed in any	’	$

other port or place within the said kingdom of Great Britain, being mod ufually fold by the chalder, or by any other mea-fure whatfocver reducible to the chalder, the fum of two (hillings for every chalder, to be reckoned, as aforesaid, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity; and for all forts of coals from time to time fo (hipped, or water-born in order to be (hipped, and carried by fea, from any port or place of the kingdom of Great Britain, and which at any time or times dur-* ing the fame term, shall be imported, brought or landed in any other port or place of the fame, (in cafe they are such as are mod ufually fold by weight) the fum of fixteen pence for every tun, and according .to that proportion for more or lefs, the faia feveral duties for coals fo (hipped, or Water-bom to be (hipped and carried by fea, as aforesaid, from time to time to be paid at the refpedtive ports and places of importation, or landing of such coals, and to be charged on the refpe&ive owner and owners, mader or other persons having the charge of every such (hip or vefiel, or of the coals fo carried,, imported, or brought in the fame: and for all culm whatfoever, which at any puty on rniqy-time during the fame term of thirty two years, shall be water-born in order to be (hipped within the said kingdom of Great Britain., or brought into the fame, the fum of four pence, and eight tenth parts of a penny, for every such chalder, as aforesaid, and after that rate to be paid at the refpedtive ports and places of inportation or landing of such culm, and to be charged on the refpedlive owner and owners, or mader or maders, or other persons having the charge.of the (hip or vefiel, or of the culm fo carried, imported, or brought in the fame: and for all Duty oncyi^ cynders made of pit-coal, which at any time or times during the dera. fame term of thirty two years shall be (hipped, or water-bom in order to be (hipped within the said kingdom of Great Britain, or brought into the fame, the fum of two (hillings for every fuch	>

chalder, as aforesaid, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid at the refpecYive ports and places of import ration or landing such cynders, and to be charged upon the re* fepedtive owner and owners, mader and maders, or other persons having the charge of the Ihip or vefiel in which the said cynders iball be carried, imported, or brought.

IX.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforesaid,	*

That the said feveral duties by this adt impofed, within and ^coaU&c. throughout the said kingdom of Great Britain, for and upon to be levied as such coals, culm, and cynders which shall be water-bom, and by the aft carried coaftwife, or from one part of Great Britain to any other 4 Ann. c. 6. part of the fame, as aforesaid, during all the time and term by VoJL. XII.	H	this







Anno none Annas. c.6.	[171a.

this aCt granted therein, and all arrearages thereof, shall and may be raifed, levied, collected, and recovered in such or the like manner and form, and fubjeCfc to such allowances and repayments, and under such penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, and according to such rules, and methods, and directions, as by the a£t of parliament made in the fourth year of her Majefty’s reign, t Annas, c* $. intituled, An act for continuing an additional fubfidy of tonnage, and poundage, and certain duties upon coalsy culm, and cynders; and additional duties of exeij'e; and for fettling and ejlablijhing a fund thereby y and by other Ways and means^ for payment of annuities, to be fold for raifing a further,fupply to her Majejly for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fixy and other ufes therein mentioned, or by any other law or statute whatfoever were preferibed or appointed tor the raifing, levying, fecuring, collecting or recovering the duties upon the like coals, culm, and cynders, which had continuance until the thirtieth day of September, one thousand fe-ven hundred and ten; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, claufes, matters, and things, which were contained in the said aCt of the fourth year of her Majefty’s reign, or were or are in any other aCts or (Unites thereby referred unto, for the managing, railing, levying, fecuring, collecting, recovering or accounting for the said duties, upon coals, culm, and cynders, which were granted or continued until the said thirtieth day of September, one thousand (even hundred and ten, as aforelaid, shall be and are, by force and virtue of this present aCt, revived, and shall be in foil force, and be duly obferved, praCtiled, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, fecuring, recovering, and accounting for the duties upon the like coals, culm, and cynders by this aCt granted, for and during the whole term hereby granted of and in the fame, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, claufes, matters and things, were again exprefled, and particu-^ larly repeated and re-enaCtcd in the body of this present aCt. Coals carried X. And whereas a doubt may arife whether coalsy culm or cynders to Dunbar or carr*e^ frm	bridge of Sterling, which is on the Firth of Forth,

Redhead not ** town °f Dunbar, or to Redhead, are liable to the duties by chargeable, this aft impofedy as if they were carried to fea; it is hereby provided, enaCted and declared, That such coal, culm and cynders, fo carried from the bridge of Sterling to the town of Dunbar, or to Redheady or to any part betwixt them, shall not, by reason of such carriage, be liable to the duties by this aCt impofed; any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Duties on XI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, candles for 31 That there shall be raifed, levied, collected and paid, unto and yjjars from *5 for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and up-^ can(Ncs which, at any time or times, within or during the by 3(&o?i. term °f thirty-two years, to be reckoned from the twenty-fifth •.7. feCt, 1. day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom

of





99

1710.]	Anno nono Ann A. c. 6.

of Great Britain, or made within the fame, (over and above all other cuftoms, fubfidies, duties of excife, or other duties already impofed thereupon, or to be paid for the fame, by or during the continuance of any adt or ads of parliament in that behalf; the further duties herein after mentioned; that is to fay, for all candles made of wax, or ufually called or fold for wax-candles, (notwithftanding the mixture of any other ingredients therewith) which shall be fo imported, the fum of four pence for every pound weight Averdupois^ and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity; and for all candles made of tallow, and other candles whatfoever, (except the wax candles before charged) which shall be fo imported, one half-penny for every pound weight Averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or Idler quantity ; the said feveral duties for and upon all imported candles to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, before the landing of the fame rajpedtively; and there shall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the ufe of her Ma-jefty, her heirs, and fucceflors, for and upon all candles, which at any time or times, within or during the said term of thirty two years laft-mentioned, shall be made within the said king- ^ dom of Great Britain, the further duties herein after mentioned * that is to (by, for all candles of wax, or ufually called or fold for wax candles, (notwithftanding any mixture, as aforesaid,) which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the fum of four pence for* every pound weight Averdupois, and after that rate for a greater* or lefler quantity; and for all candles of tallow, and other candles whatfoever, (except the wax candles before charged) which shall be fo made in Great Britain, one half penny for every pound weight Averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity; the said feveral duties for the said candles, fo to bt made in Great Britain, to be paid by the makers thereof re-fpedtively.

Xlf. And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforesaid, fluty on can* TFhat the feveral and re(pedtive duties by this aft impofed for dies to be le-and upon all candles imported or made, as aforesaid, for and during all the term of years hereby granted, of and in the fame, * and all arrearages thereof, shall and may, from time to time, be taifed, received, levied, recovered, and fecured, by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and for. feitures, and with such power of making compofttions, and other powers, and fubjedt to such allowances, drawbacks, rules* and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the like duties upon candles granted by an adt of the eighth year of her MajeflVs reign, whereby certain duties were laid upon candles, towards raifing her Majefty’s fupply for the year one thousand feven hundred and ten, arc by that adt, or by any law or statute thereby referred unto, preformed, appointed, or enadted to be raifed, received, levied, fecurtd, or recovered, during the continuance thereof; and that the adt laft-mentioned, and alT the eiaufes, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, di»

‘ -	Ha	xedtions.

ioo	Anno	nono	Ann^b.	c.6.	[1710;

regions, matters, and things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fe-curing, compounding, paying, or accounting for the (aid duties upon candles thereby granted, during the continuance thereof, or any arrearages of tne fame, are and shall be, by force and virtue of this alt, continued, pradifed, and put in execution, for nri* fing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, compounding, payi ing, and accounting for the duties upon candles by this ad grant* ed, and making allowances out of the fame, during the said term of thirty two years hereby granted, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if they were ^tock in hand particularly, and at large repeated in the body of this prefen tad. 17,1!	*	XIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority

aforefaid, That for all candles which any wax chandler, tallow chandler, or other fellers or dealers in candles in Great Britain, or any person or persons in trull for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, shall be poffeffed of, or in-terefted in, upon the said live and twentieth day of Marehy one thousand (even hundred and eleven, for fale, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majefty, (over and above the duties before this time impofed thereupon) the like refpeclive rates, as are by this alt to be paid for the like forts of candle&to be made after the said five and twentieth day of Martha one thousand feven hundred and eleven; and that all the directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, rules, and claufes whatfoever, contained 8 Ann*, c. 9. in the said alt of the eighth year of her Majefty’s reign, re* iating to the dock of candles which was in the hands of any chandlers, or other fellers or dealers in candles, or of others in trull for them, or any of them, or to their ufe, on the firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, (hall, by force and virtue of this ad, be exercifed, praltifcd, and put in execution, in and for afeertaining, fecuring, charging, levying, recovering, and paying the rates by this act itnpoied upon the' (lock of candles, which shall be in the hands of any.foqh perfons, as aforesaid, on the said five and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, and for making allowances and drawbacks in refpelt thereof.

Compounders XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, com^fition That and evei7 Pcrfon and perfons, who by virtue or in money for the purfuance of the all before-mentioned, of the eighth year oif duties by the her Majefty’s reign, or of this present all, have made, or shall a<ft 8 Ann make any compofition for the duties on their candles by that ad, mid this act, ari^ t|jjs present ad, or either of /them, granted, shall from time to time, during the continuance of the said relpe&tve duties, continue fuch. their compofition for the duties thereby, and by this ad granted, and pay their compofition money,

8 Ann. c. 9. according to the purport, true intent and meaning of the fame ads, or in default thereof, shall be, and are hereby charged and made liable to pay unto her Majefty, her heirs and fuo ceflors the (everal and refpedive duties by the said ad of the eighth year of her Majefty’s reign, and this present ad, charged 1

upon



171P*] Anno nano Annjb. c. 6.

lOX

upon all candles, which he, she, or they, or any person or persons in truft for him, her or them, shall be poflefled of at the time of the determination of such compofition ; and that all *nd every such person and persons who have or hath made, or shall make Inch compofition for their said duties upon candles, as aforesaid, and shall make default in continuing the fame, shall within ten days after making such default, make true and particular entries upon oath, and in cafe such person be a quaker, then upon his, her, or their affirmation, of all such candles as they, or any of them, or anyperson or persons in truft for them, or any of them, shall be poffeffed of, or have in his or their cuftody or pofleffion, at the office of excife, within the limits of which they shall refpedfively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and the candles of which no such entry shall be made) and within fix days after he, she, or they shall have made, or ought to have made, their refpec-tive entries, as aforesaid, shall pay down to the person appointed to receive the fame, the duties hereby, and by the laid adfc of the eighth* year of her Majefty’s reign, charged upon the feme, or in default thereof, fliall forfeit and lofe double the value of the said candles; and that the houfes, outhoufes, and other places belonging to such compounders, who shall make default in continuing such their compofitions, as aforesaid,

/hall be, and are hereby made liable to the fearch and view of the officers for the said duties, in the fame mapner, and under the fame penalties and forfeitures, as other persons making candles for fale, are liable unto.

XV.	Provided always, That this adt shall not extend, or small rufli be conftrued to extend to charge the duties on candles herein lights once before-mentioned,* on such fmall rufh lights as fhall be made dipped, not by any perfons, to be ufed in their own houfes only, fo as none chargcaW*' of them be fold or delivered out, or be made for fale, and fo

as such fmall rufh lights be only once dipped in, or once drawn through greafe, or kitchin-ftuff, and not at all through any tallow melted or refined; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI.	And whereas feveral people, who have made candles for their own private ufe only, have through ignorance or inadvertency, eontrary to an act made in the eighth year of the reign of her present g c# ^ Majejly, intifuled, An adt for laying a duty on candles, neglefted

giving due notice in writing to the next office of excife, as the said aft requires, and as they ought to have done ; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every such person or perfonf ;gno-perfons, shall be and are hereby freed and discharged of and rantly having from all and every the pains, penalties, and forfeitures of the made candles, /aid adt, not recovered before the fix and twentieth day of and not given February, one thousand feven hundred and ten: provided, that ^xto/fiie ° such person or persons, having fo negledled and offended as indent;:' fv aforesaid, do, before the firft day of May, one thousand feven pjyim* v c ’ hundred and eleven, pay or caufe to be paid (unto the proper dut> t> officer, a$ the said adi directs) the duty which by him, her or 1 Ma>' T

H3

them,



104	Anno	nono	Ann.*, c. 6.	[1710.'

of one per cent. on goods exported in such (hips, as aforesaid ; and the said duty on white woollen cloths ; and the (aid duties upon candles made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame ; and all other the duties and fums of money by this a£f granted, shall be liable to, and charged and chargeable with the yearly fund herein after-mentioned, and to and with all the payments »	to be made out of the fame in purfuance of this ad, during the

whole term of thirty two years herein after expreffed; and all the fame fubiidies, duties, and fums of money (except the neceflary charges for execution of this ad) are and shall be appropriated thereunto in such manner, that all the monies which (hall, from time to time, be or remain due or in arrear for principal or intereft upon this ad, (hall, from time to time, be paid, and fatisfied out of the said feveral and refpedive duties by this ad granted or appointed for the payments thereof, without being diverted to any other ufe, intent or purpofe whatsoever, under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as are hereafter in this ad contained in that behalf.

XX.	And to the end all the monies arifing by the said fub-fidy of poundage upon feveral goods and merchandizes to be ex-T^e officers ported ; and by the said duty upon leather and such (kins to for managing be exported, as aforesaid ; and by the said feveral duties to riieie duties arjfe Upon coals to be exported from parts beyond the feas; and ad 9 &°ic>1C the said feveral duties to arife upon coals, culm, and cynders, VV. j, c. 44. to be waterbom, and carried coaftwife as aforesaid ; and by the said additional duty of one per cent. on goods exported to the Mediteranean fea, as aforesaid ; and by the said duty upon white whollen cloths to be exported; and by the said duties ,upon candles made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame ; or by any other the duties granted or appropriated, and Vevery of them, may be duly, and certainly raifed and brought •into the said receipt of Exchequer for the purpofes aforesaid; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, .from time to time, during the continuance of this a<ff, there shall be appointed and kept, such and fo many commiffioners ;of cuftoms and excife, receivers general, collectors, furveyors, and other judicial and minifterial officers, as shall be proper and neceflary for managing, governing, adjudging, levying, receiving, collecting, and paying the said refpeChve duties by this aCt granted or appropriated, and for keeping and rendring the accounts of the fame ; and that the said receivers general, collectors, furveyors, and other officers, who are or shall be concerned in the railing, collecting, receiving, and paying the fame re-fpeCtiveduties, or any of them, and keeping and rendring the feveral accounts thereof, fhall perform their feveral duties therein, as to them refpeCtively shall appertain, under such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, for any offence or negleCt therein, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of 9 & io W. 3. the said monies, as are preferibed, and to be inflicted by virtue of c-44-	anaCt of parliament, made and paffed in the ninth year of the

reign of his late Majefty King William the Third, intituled.

An



1710.]	Anno	nono	ANNiE.	c. 6.	105

An 48 for raifmg a fum not exceeding two millions^ upon a fond for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum pe* annum, andfor fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, for the like offence or negleft relating to the duties upon fait, and upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper thereby granted, or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies which were granted or appropriated by the aft laft mentioned.

XXI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That 135,0001. to be yearly, and every year, during the term of thirty two years; the yearly reckoning the firft year to begin from the five and4twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, the full fum of one hundred thirty five thousand pounds, by or out of the monies to arife by the feveral duties, rates, and fums of money by this aft granted or appropriated, or any of them, and to be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, in cafe the fame fhall extend thereunto, fhall be computed and reckoned to be a yearly fund ; and in cafe all the monies arifing into the Exchequer for the said duties, rates, and fums of money (o granted or appropriated, fhall not amount to the fum of one one hundred thirty five thousand pounds per annumy then the monies fo arifing, fo far as the fame fhall extend, fhall be part of the yearly fund, for and towards the anfwering and paying of all and every the principal fums herein after mentioned,amounting in the whole to the fum of one million nine hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred and feventy pounds principal money, together with intereft for the fame, after the rate of fixjpounds per centum per annum, as herein after is mentioned; ana in cafe Deficiency to the said duties by this aft granted or appropriated, (hall* be made good at any time or times, appear to be fo deficient or low in the pro- ^parliament, duce of the fame, as that within any one year, to be reckoned **• as aforesaid, the said monies arifing into the Exchequer, for or upon account of the fame duties, shall not amount to as much as one hundred thirty five thousand pounds. That then, and fo often, and in every such cafe, fo much as fhall be wanting to make up the said fund, or fum of one hundred thirty five thousand pounds for every or any such year, fhall be fupplied and made good from time to time, out of the firft aid or fup-. ply to be granted in parliament next after such deficiency fhall appear, and fhall from time to time, be transferred thereunto, as foon as the fame fhall be granted y and in cafe no such aid or fupply fhall be granted, then by and out of any publick money which shall be in the said receipt of Exchequer, not ap* propnate^l to any particular ufe or ufes by aft of parliament; and the commiffioners of the treafury now being, or the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby ftriftly enjoined and required to make up such deficiency accordingly, oqt of such unappropriated publick . money, without any further or other warrant or authority for ; the fame.	Native* or fo-

XXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, reigaen may

That





io6

become adventurers.

Times of payment.

Anno nono Ankjb. c. 6:	[1710;

That it (haH and may be lawful for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute fbr or towards advancing the fum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, for carrying on the said war, by paying at or before the refpedtive days and times by this a& limited in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of ten pounds, or divers entire fums of ten pounds, upon this aft; and that for the railing the (aid fum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, any person who will become a contributor or adventurer, fhaH and may advance the fums of ten pounds, for which fum fo advanced, he, ihe, or they shall be entitled to receive such principal money, and the ixuercft thereof, to be paid as herein after is mentioned, by and out of the said yearly fund, and the furplus monies over and above the said yearly fund (if any such furplus monies shall arife) by virtue of this ad : and that every contributor or adventurer may advance as many entire fums of ten pounds, as he, she, or they ihaU think fit; and for every such fum of ten pounds fo advanced, he, she, or they is, or are to be interefted in one lot or (hare of and in the said yearly fund, and the furplus money over and above the said yearly fund (if any such furplus (hail arife) by virtue of this ad; and the said entire fum of ten pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such receiver or receivers, at or before the refpedive days and times, and in the liefpedive proportions herein after mentioned; that is to (ay, one fQjirth part thereof, on or before the firft day of May9 in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven j one other fourth part thereof, on or before the firft day of 7vat, in the said year of our Lord, one thousand feven hundred and eleven ; one other fourth part thereof, on or before the second day of July, in the said year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven ; and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the firft day of Augujl, in the (aid year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven.

•Her Majefty to appoint managers for the lottery. Books to be provided with three columns, &c. Receivers to be appointed by the treasury. Managers to examine the books, and deliver them to the receivers. &c. Tickets how to be delivered out. Receivers to redeliver the books, &c. by is Sept. 171T. Middle column tickets to be rolled up, and put &nto a box, and twenty four thoufend nine hundred ninety eight tickets ihaU be fortunate ; that is to fey, one of them twelve thousand pounds principal money j three of them five thousand pounds ; four of them four jhoufands; four of them three thousand pounds; four of them two thousand pounds $ twenty of them one thousand pounds $ thirty of them five hundred pounds $ one hundred of them two hundred pounds ; two hundred and fifty of them one hundred pounds ; one thousand four hundred ■thirty one or them fifty pounds; and twenty three thousand one hundred fifty one of them feverally, twenty pounds principal money: together with five hundred pounds to the firft drawn ticket, and nve hundred pounds to the laft drawn ticket; which will amount in the whole to fix hundred feventy eight thousand five hundred and feventy pounds $ which fum bein£ added to one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, the principal payable on the remaining one hundred twenty five thoufand

.	blank





1710.]

Anno nono Annjb. c. 6.

107

blank tickets, amount together to one million nine hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred and feventy pounds. If one million five hundred thousand pounds be not paid in, then the fund to be proportionable to the fum advanced. Blanks to have ten pounds principal money, and in-tereft at fix pounds per cent. The tickets to be put into another box.

No money to be received after i May, 1711. Pubbck notice of the time of cutting the tickets. The manner of drawing the tickets. The manner of the second drawing for the courfe of payment. A table of the courfe of payment to be printed. Managers to adjudge to whom the fortunate tickets belong. Fortunate tickets to be printed. Forging tickets felony.

Managers may commit forgers. Managers to make a book of the fo*w tonate, and tranfmit it to the Exchequer. Payments to be half-yearly.

Managers to be fworn: Their oatb. Penalty on officers of the Exchequer and outer officers offending. Money lent tax-free. Tickets to be exchanged for (landing orders. Notice to be given in the Gazette of the times for taking in tickets, and delivering out orders. Orders to be numbered in courfe, and payment accordingly. Any number-of tickets, not exceeding one hundred, may be indudra m one order, fi> as they be in the fame thoufand. Several orders for fmall fums in the fame thoufand, may be exchanged into one order for laiger fums. The monies anting by this ad, to be applied to payoff the principal and intereft. Deficiency ot one year to be made good out of the firft money to arife in the next year. Surplus of every year to be applied to pay principal. Publick notice to be given when orders shall become payable. Ten pounds per cent, allowed on the firft payment. Six pounds per cent, on the other three payments. Receiver to have one penny in the pound, fiffe Receivers may take in monies before they receive their books. Contributor advancing one part of the payment, and failing in the reft, forfeits what paid. Treafury to appoint a paymafter. Sec. Alignments of all (landing orders to be respited. Officers to be paid out of the monies anting by this ad. Trealury may divide extraordinary benefits of two thpufaaa pounds or upwards, into orders of five hundred pounds. See. If principal and intereft be fully discharged before the thirty two years, then dutiet to eeafe. Overplus difpofable by parliament. Guardians may contribute for infants. This fund is redeemed» and /be omittedfe&kns me expired.

LIII. And whereas a doubt may arife whether all pieces of //Mr 40 tils of fi-elotb under forty ells exported, are liable to the duty of fix by this off or any former ait hnpoftd% and hereby revived \ It ^ Station? hereby provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That1^^ only forty ells of linen doth, exported to foreign parts, (hall

Sf fix pence, and after that rate for a greater or idler quantity ells; any thing in this or any former a& contained to the contrary notwithftandme.

LI V. And whereas au the capper ores found within the county of Cods for mtit-Cornwall, and carried to he melted at fiiuh places where coals pay no ing copper in duty; be it enabled by the authority afordaid. That from and c<^wa"j after the eighth day of Afdrcbj one thousand feven hundred dm* and ten, all cogls that shall be ufed for mdting copper and tin duty, ores within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, for which duties have been firft anfwered, shall upon proof by oath made before the cuftomer or colle&or of the said duties (which oath he is hereby impowered to adminifter) have a drawback for all the duties on the (aid coals, to be paid by the collector of the duties to such person Jo making proof, as aforesaid.

LV. And, for the encouragement of the iron manufacture Iran, &c. im-of Great Britain, be it further cnafled by the authority afore- ported a*d

* (aid,tcrwarcis ***



io$	"Annanono,,ANN^.	c.6.	[iyic,

ported,to havcISi^ That 'from and after the five and twentieth day of March* no drawback, ^ne thoufartd feven hundred and eleven, there shall not be allowed any drawback, or re-payment of cuftoms or duties charged upon any iron or fteel that hath or shall be imported into Great Britain, and afterwards exported to or for her Ma-jefly’s plantations or colonies in America $ any clause in any former a ft to the contrary notwithflanding.

Aft 10W. 3.	. LVI. And whereas, notwithflanding an act made in the tenth

ccrnmr°lot- °f rei£nof delate Khtg William, intituled, An act for fup-te^sto be prefling of lotteries, and the prohibitions and penalties therein, /?-put in execu- veral persons of late have prefumed, contrary to the intent of the said tion.	aft, to Jet up lotteries in imitation of the lottery dire fled to be drawn

forced b	b virtue °fan °f parliament, and other lotteries, which are pre-

sxGeo.a.'c.sS facial to thepublick, and tend greatly to defraud her Majefly's fob-jetts\ be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That the said a<$ of the tenth year of the late King JVilliam, fhall be put in execution : and for the more efFeftual fuppreffing and preventing such unlawful lotteries, the justices of the peace, and .all mayors^ bailiffs, head'officers, conftables, and other her JVIajefty’s civil officers, within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, are hereby impowered and required to ufe their utmoft endeavours **o prevent the drhwing of any such unlawful lottery, heretofore Perfons fet- or hereafter to be Fet up, by all lawful ways and means; and lot^riesfor- *^at evcry PerA>n who after the eighth day of March, one thou-feit xool. fand fevenf hundred and ten, shall fet up, or shall by writing or printing, publifti the fetting up any such unlawful lottery, with intent to have such lottery drawn, shall forfeit for every such offence one hundred pounds, to be recovered by information, bill, plaint, or aftion at law, in any of her Majefly’s courts at Weflminfler, wherein no eflbin, wager of law, nor any more than one imparlance lhall be allowed; one third part thereof totheufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs ; one other third ipart thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parilh where 1 such offence shall be committed ; and the other third part thereof together with full cods, to the party who shall inform, arid Tue for the feme.	•

Perfons fetting LVII. And whereas feveral ill-difpofed perfons, %vho deftgn to marries* defraud her Majefly's fubjeiis, have of late prefumed to erett and fet °$ces or phut* fa making injurances on marriages, births, /forfeit 500I. cbriflmngs, or fervice, which practices are also prejudicial to the ~ .	publickand tend to defraud her Majeflfs fubjefts; be it further

enaftfed' by the authority aforesaid, That every person or per? fons. Who after the* eighth day of March, one thoufartd feven hundred arid *ten, shall ereft or fet up any office or place, for •making affurances on marriages, births, chriflnings, and fer-Contrafting * vice, of on any of them, shall forfeit for every (bch offence the for new intu- fom of five hundred pounds, to be recovered and diflributed marYner> as penalty of two hundred pounds laft-fouo*forfeit	*s ro be recovered and diflributed; arid every per-

iod. * fori or perfons, who after the said eighth day of March, in any office or place, before the said eighth day of March erefted or

fet

Digitized

:ed by CjOO^Ic

1710.]	Anno	nono	Ann-®, c./.	109

fet up, for making infurances on marriages, bifths, chriftnings, and fervice, or on any of them, shall make or faffer to be made therein any new infurances, or contradls for new infurances on marriages, births, chriftnings, and fervice, or any of them,

(hall forfeit for every such offence, the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and diftributed in like manner;

LVIII. Provided nevertheless, That such offices and places erefted, fet up, or ufed before the said eighth day of March, for making infurances on marriages, births, chnftnings, and fervices, or on any of them, may continued after the said con^* eighth day of March, for making good, and executing only nued, for ma-fuch infurances or contracts for infurances therein refpe&ivdy king good the made before the said eighth day of March, as they might have continued if this a<ft had not been made; any thing hereinCCi contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LIX. And whereas fame doubt bath arifen, whether long pepper might net not be chargeable with the additional duty of one /hiding and fix pence per pound, chargeable. upon all and alt manner of pepper, Long pepper by virtue of the aft made the lafi fe/fion of parliament,for granting chargeable to her Majeftynew duties of excife upon feveral impontii commodities \ ^	'

for preventing therefore of any difputes concerning the fan^e \ t.Ann. c. 6. be it declared and enabled by the authority aforeiaid. That long f. 6.

-pepper shall not be.deemed, conflrued or taken to be changed or chargeable with the (aid duty of one (hilling and fix pence per pound $ any thing in the said hft-mentioned a& contained to the contrary thereof in any wife hotwithftanding.

Some benefit tickets in the laft lottery not being adjured, present managers may iettle them before *7 May, 1711. EOT.

CAP. VII.

An act for enabling and obliging the bank of England* for the (me therein spentioped, to exchange all Exchequer hillsfor ready money upon demand; and to difable airy per* fdn to be governor, deputy governor, or direftor of the bankof'Ehghtid, and a direftor of the Eaft Jndia' com-	..	j

puny* at the fame time.

MAY it pieqfi your mofi excellent Mayfly, whereas, in purfuanct of an aft 4f parliament, made, in the /eventh year if your Afajejlys. reign*, (among/l other things) for enlarging the capital 7 Ann*, c. 7-fiock of the bank{/“England, feveral bills, commonly called Exchequer bills, have been made forth, amounting in principal money to two 'millions and five hundred thousand pounds, for her Adqjefi/s/apply; and in pur/stance of another aft ofthe fytnefejfion of parliament, made (among)} other things) for circulating a further fum of Exchequer hills ; and of an act made in the eighth year of your Mayfly's reigm, 7 Ann*, c. t» intituled, An ad for granting an aid to her Msyefiy, to be raifed by a land tax in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and ten, further Exchequer bills, to the 8 Ann*, c. s» amount y of four hundred thousand pounds in principal money, have

beep





no	Anno	nono	Annjb. c. 7.	[1710.

been also made out and ijfutd for her Maje/lys Juppfy : and whereas in purfmnce of the find ads, [over and above the bills aforesaid* amounting in the whole to two millions nine hundred thousand pounds) other Exchequer bills for inter eft, after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, and for a certain allowance, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, have been made forth jmd are ftill to be made forth quarterly, until the fiends mentioned tn the /aid ads/ball take effed, as is thereby directed 5 and the said governor and company of the bank of England, by the /aid ads, or fame of them, are obliged and required to exchange fiuh of the /aid Exchequer bills, which (after the mating forth of thefame) have been or /ball have been paid to any receivers or collectors of any of your Majeftfs revenues, aids, taxes, or /applies, as have been or JhaU have been exchanged by fitch receivers or collectors for ready money, and which also have been or /ball have been paid byfuch receivers or collectors into her Majeftfs Ex* chequer aridEkewifi have been or /ball have boon reijfued or repaidfrom her Majeftfs Exchequer, in the manner and form in the faidaCts ex* pre/Jed, os the /aid governor and company /ball be required to exchange byany person or persons whatfoevet, for ready money, and fo todes quoties, as often as the [aid bills /bould be paid into the Exchequer by fitch receivers or collectors, and be from thence reij/ued in manner and form thereby preferibed; and the Jaid governor and company are not, by the fold ads, or any of them, obliged to exchange or pay ready money for any of the fend mils until the feud bills JhaU bento bad a currency in the revenue or taxes, and /ball have been rtiffu-ed at the Exchequer, as afortfaii, and fo toties quoties, in manner and form, as aforefaii \ and by the feud ads, or feme of them, the find funds are further charged with a fum of two hundred thousand pounds yearly, for the difiharging and cancelling the said bills, as in and by the said feveral acts of parliament (relation being thereunto refpeCtively bad J may more fully appear : and whereas wo your Ma-Contraft with Jdutiful and loyal fubieds, the commons of Great Britain the bank, for m parliament ajfembbd, did refobe on the fexteenth day of January, one anfwering thoufandfeven hundred and ten, That an annual firm, not exceeding non-fpecie	faiy jfa* thousand pounds, Jboidd be granted, to enable your Majefty

bis. UCr	** contract for anfwering all non-fpecie Exchequer bills, by exchanging

them from time to time for ready money; and thereupon the said governor and company have humbly propofed, that in cafe a Jefficient fund feould be granted to your Afajefty for payment of forty five ,	thoufand	pounds	per	annum	to	the said governor and company, by

quarterly payments, from the time their undertaking in this behalf /hall commence, until the one and thirtieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fourteen \ and if a like fum of forty five thousand pounds per annum, to commence and take effect from the find one and thirtieth day-of July, one thousand feven hundred and fourteen, and to be also payable quarterly out of the funds eftabU/bed by the fend aCts, Or feme of them, for the payment of toefaid intereft and allowance, and for difcharging and cancelling the said Exchequer bills, /ball (after the

Sent of such intereft and allowance, and with preference to the can-g or difeharging any of the said bills) be appropriated and continued to the said governor and company, untilfuch time as aU the find quarterly



1710.]	Anno	nono	Annje.	c.7.	lit

terly Exchequer bills, made or to be made for mtereji or allowance, as afor of aid, upon the /aid bills for two millions ain’t hundred thou-fond pounds, together with a million of the Jbid bills for two miltiom nine hundred thousand pounds, Jhall be paid and cancelled, or untit fucb time as of the (aid bills for two millions nine hundred thousand pounds, and quarterly bills taken together, there Jhall not befunding out and uncancelled more than one million nine hundred thoujitnd ponnds in the whole, they the faidgovernor and company in confideration thereof for the publick fervice, further than the ails before-mentioned require) are willing to undertake, and be obliged, after fucb time as Jbould be agreed on, to exchange for ready money all Jttcb of the fatf jBx-tbequer bills, as from time to time, and at all times then after, jbould be in the hands of any. person or perfins, and be demanded of the said governor and company to be exchanged for ready money, whether such bills, or aty of them, Jhould, or Jbould not have paffei, or bad a currency in your Majeftfs revenue or taxes, as aforejaid: the feud governor and company at the fame time also protofing, that they may be impowered to contrail and agree with any per/ons for advancing to the said governor and company, from time to time, such Jiuns on such terms as they Jhall find necejfary for the more fecure making good fiub undertaking ; and that they might have fucb other claufes granted them as might be reafonable for enabling them to perform the fame : now	***

to the end the undertaking fo offered may obtain its full and due effect for the advantage and fervice of your Majefty and your fubje&s, we your. Muefty’s find dutirol and loyal iubjedts, the commons ofGreat Britain in parliament aflemblcd, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by au-thority of the fame. That for the better enabling the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, to perform such undertaking, the full fum of forty five thousand pounds per annum, or fo much money as fhall be after the rate of forty five thousand pounds per annum, fhall be well and truly paid and fatisfiedvby such ways and means, and during such time as are herein after exprriTed, unto and for the trie of the said governor and company, and their fuccefiors, without any account, impreft, or other charge to be fet upon them for the fame, or any part thereof, and without any abatement for taxes, or other caufe or occafion whatfoever ; and that the said fum of forty five thousand pounds per annum, or after that rate, fhall commence and take effedt from such time as fhall be prefixed by the comitiiffionete of her Majefty's treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, in writing under his or their hands to be pub-lickly affixed on the Royal Exchatige of London, and to be also To continue notified in the London Gazette, for the commencement of thet,w all the said undertaking; and fhall continue, and be paid, and pay- ^heque/bills able from thenceforth, until such time as all the said quarterly madc tor in*

E*che-





lit

tereft, and a million of the bills be paid off,

a—; ■*

How the fame fhall be fatif-fied till 31 July, 1714.

Anno nono Annje. c. 7.	[	1710.

Exchequer bills, made or to be made for intereft or allowance* as aforelaid, upon the (aid bills for two millions nine hundred thousand pounds, together with a million of the said bills, for two millions nine hundred thousand pounds, shall be paid off land cancelled, or until such time as there shall not be (landing x>ut and uncancelled more than one million nine hundred thousand pounds in the whole of the said bills for two millions nine hundred thousand pounds, and quarterly bills taken together, (which of the limitations aforesaid shall firft happen) and that to much of the* (aid yearly fum, after the rate of forty five thousand pounds per annum, as is to be reckoned by the day, for fo many days as shall incur from the day of the commence-meat of the said undertaking exclufively, until the one and thirtieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and eleven inclufivelyf shall be paid and (atisfied unto the (aid governor' tmd company, on the said one and thirtieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and eleven ; and that from and after the said one and thirtieth day of July9 one thousand (even hundred and eleven, during the term of three years from thence next and immediately enfuing, the (aid yearly fum of forty five tboufimd pounds shall be paid and fatisfied to the said gowmor and company, and their fucceflbrs, by quarterly pay-? meats; that is to lay* on the one and thirtieth day of Ofioben> •the one and thirtieth day of January, the thirtieth day of April, ,and tfhe dneand thirtieth day dLJuly yearly, by even and equal .portions \ and that all the payments fo to be»mace of or for the said yearly fum of forty five thousand pounds, or iafter that rate, from the commencement of the fidd undertaking, until .the said one. and thirtieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and eleven inclufively, and from thence until the end of the (aid term of three years, to wit, until the one and thirtieth ,day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fourteen inclufively,' shall be and are, by force and virtue of this present charged and chargeable upon, and (hall,be discharged and fatisfied out iof all and every, or any the aids or fupplies granted or to be granted to her Majefty in this feffion of parliament, for the carrying on the war* or other her Majefty's occafions, and are not or shall not be actually applied thereunto on or before the twelfth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and ten; and the commiffioners of her Majefty’s trea-fury. Dow being, and the high treafurer, or comtniflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby dircc&ed, authorized, and required, (without any further or other warrant or authority to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf) from time to time, as the said payments shall incur or grow due, at or before the said one and thirtieth day of July9 one thousand feven hundred and fourteen, to discharge and fatisfy the fame out of the aids and fupplies la ft-mentioned, and to caufe fo much of the said aids or fupplies, in monies, tallies, or orders* as shall be fufficient for that purpofe, to be referred and fet apart, and to be applied thereunto from time to time, as the said payments shall incur and become due,

6	PorWo U. And

 V^OOQiC

lyio.]	Anno	nono	Annas.	C.7.

ll3

II. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforesaid, After 31 July* That all the payments which shall grow due by or in purfuance of this ad, of or for the said fum of forty five thousand pounds the duties per annum* or after that rate, from and after the said one and arifing by the thirtieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fourteen, ads during fo long time as the fame is to continue, as aforesaid, 7 Annas, c. 7. according to this ad, shall from time to time be well and truly nn** c‘ u made and fatisfied, as from time to time the fame payments fhall incur and grow due* unto the said governor and company, and their fucceflors, out of the duties, revenues, or funds, or fome of them, which were by the acts of parliament above recited, or mentioned, or any of them, fettled, eftablifhed, or appropriated, as well for paying the said intereft after the rate of two pence per centum per diem* and the said allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum* as for difeharg-ing and cancelling the said Exchequer bills in the manner and form herein after fpecified, that is to fay, when and as foon as any payment (hall, after the said one and thirtieth day of July* one thousand feven hundred and fourteen, become due by virtue of this a61, of or for the said fum of forty five thousand pounds fer annum* or after that rate, the commiflioners of her Ma-jefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall, from time to time, within ten days then next enfuing, caufe an exad account to be taken of fo much as shall be due to the said governor and company upon the said allowance, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum for circulation, and an eftimate to be made as near as they can, of fo much as shall be then due or demandable, for theJjid intereft at two pence per centum per diem; and after the pay went of the fame allowance and intereft money, as the said former ads do dired, or re-ferving from time to time money fufficient to discharge the fame, shall iflue out of the said duties, revenues, and funds laft-mentioned, unto the said governor and company, from time to time, the money, which upon the taking of every such account, shall be due to them of or for the said fum ot forty five thousand pounds per annum* or after that rate, as aforesaid; it being the intent and true meaning of this ad, that the fame allowance for circulation, and the said intereft monies, shall take place and be preferred in point of payment out of the said funds, before the said fum of or after the rate of forty five thousand pounds per annum ; and that the said forty five thousand pounds per annum (hall, from time to time, take place and be preferred in point of payment, before the said yearly fum of two hundred thousand pounds per annum* which was intended and fettled by the said former ads, or fome of them, for cancelling and difeharging the said Exchequer bills; the said former ads, or any of them, or any thing therein contained, or any other law or statute whatfoever, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the authority aforesaid, That after paying, or referving fufficient to pay fo much as (hall, from time to time, be incurred and grown Vol. XII.	I	due





ii4	Anno	nono	Anna.	c.	7*	[17*0.

After dif- due for or upon the said intereft after the rate of two pence intereft^altow centum Per diem, and the said feveral allowances after the ancc^ Sec. the ratc t^rec pounds per centum per annum, and forty five thou-yearly fura of fand pounds per annum, as aforesaid, the said yearly fum of two 2oo,oool. to hundred thousand pounds, intended by the said former ads for be applied for difeharging and cancelling the principal money contained or chequcr^ills* t0 ^ contained in all the said Exchequer bills, or fo much there-&c.	*	of as the said funds fliall produce for that purpofe, shall and

may be applied, from time to time, for difeharging and cancelling the said Exchequer bills, until they shall be entirely dif-charged and cancelled according to the said former ads, any thing herein contained to the contrary riotwithftanding.

Recited afts IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, to continue in That the said former ads above recited or mentioned, and all force, Jkc. the p0wers> authorities, privileges, and advantages, rules, directions, pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures, claufes of redemption, and other claufes, matters, and things therein contained, (being now in force) touching or concerning the said Exchequer bills, or any of the funds thereof, or any way relating thereunto, (fuch alterations as are therein made by this ad only excepted) shall continue and be ufed, exercifed, in Aided, raifed, levied, and put in pradice and execution to all intents and purpofes, in the fame manner and form as if this ad had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Ana it is hereby declared. That the said yearly fum of forty five thousand pounds, or any part thereof, shall not be liable to any tax or affeffment whatfoever.

7 Ann. e. 7* Bank obliged to exchange for ready money, all the said Exchequer bills. S Ann. c. 1* *n default may be fued. Bank may contrad with others for furniftung monies. Such contrails not chargeable with the (lamp duties. Further fealed bank bills may be iflued to the amount of the contrad, See. Exchequer bills of 5000I. each may be iflued, Sec. Exchequer bills of 61. js. each may be iflued, &c. Trcafury todired impreft money for difeharging intereft on Exchequer bills. Treafury may contrad, or alter endorsements. Sec. EXP.

None may be XI. And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That in g®v®rn°r»1^c* all future eledions of governor, deputy governor, or diredors, and Eaft India	refpedive corporations of the bank of England, and of

company at the united company of merchants of England trading to the the lame time. Eajl Indies, all and every person or persons, who shall be eleded governor, deputy governor, or diredor of the bank of England, (hall, during the year for which he or they shall be eleded, be incapable of being chofen a diredor or diredors for the management of the affairs of the said united company ; and all and every person or persons, who shall be eleded a diredor or diredors of the said united company, (hall, during the year for which he or they shall be fo eleded, be incapable of being chofen a governor, or deputy governor, or diredor or diredors of the bank of England.

CAP.

 i^ooQLe

Anno nono Anna. c. 8—io.

**$

CAP. VIII.

An act to repeal the aft of the third and fourth vear of her Majefty’* jeigti, intituled, An a3for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France $

. fo far as it relates to the prohibiting the importation of French wines.

After March 1$, 1711. fo much of the a& 3 & 4 Anns, c. 13. as relates to the importation of French wines, is repealed. French wines may be imported in any (hip of 70 tuns, belonging to the fubje&s of any foreign princes in amity with the Queen, during the war, &c. To be imported dire&ly from France to Ireland, and thence to Great Britain. The said (hip to take on board Englilh goods to the full value of the wines, (contraband goods excepted.) Proof to be made upon oath, that the goods were landed, kc. in France. EXP.

CAP. IX.

An a& to continue the a£h for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and falfe mutters, and for the better payment of the army and quarters; and for approving of medicines for the army. EXP.

CAP. X.

An act for eftablifhing a general pojl office for all her Ma-jeft/s dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and other her Majefty* s occafions.

MOST gracious fovereign, whereas by an act made in the uCar.i.c.35;

twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly King Charles the Second, a general pojl office was ereftti and eftablijhed in that part of Great Britain called England, and by the twentieth aft of the fifth fejfion of the firjl parliament of his late majesty King William the Third, a general pojl office was ereftei and eftablijhed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and feveral rates of poftage were thereby fever ally appointed to be received, under feveral different powers and authorities; which two kingdoms being fince united, k is mojl likely that a correfpondence by pofts will be beft managed and ordered for the publick good, by uniting also the said two pojl offices under one poftmafter general: and whereas also pojls hove at great charges been eftablijhed by packet boats between that part of Great Britain called England and tne Weft Indies, and also on the main land in North America, through moft of her Majefty s plantations and colonies in thofe parts, as also to divers parts in Europe, to which no packet boats were till lately fettled, and more pojls may yet be fettled and eftablijhed for the publick good and welfare of all your Majejly*s fubjefts: and whereas the feveral rates of poftage may in many parts, with little burthen to the fubjeft, be encreafed, and other new rates granted, which additional and new rates may, in fome mea-fure, enable your Majefty to carry on and finijh the present war% fo as fuitablepowers and authorities be made for colle fting the fame, and fufficient provifion be made, as well for preventing the undue colle fting the delivery of letters by private pofts, carriers, biglers, watermen, drivers of ftage coaches,. and other perfons, as all other frauds to which the revenue might otherivife be liable \ which cannot be well and properly dene, to anfwer the ends aforej'aid, without the authority of parliament in a nav aft to be made for the said office, and for toe revenues to arife thereby: we therefore your Majefty’s

12	moft





iiS	Anno	riono	Ann^.	c.	la.	[17	id.

moft dutiful and loyal fubje<fts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the Queen’s Former a£h	exce^ent majesty, by and with the. advice and content of

in England	^orc^s	Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

and Scotland parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the relating to the said a<ft made in England in the twelfth year of the reign of his ^ *ate maiefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for 1	*a’ 3 5* ereftlng and ejhblijhing a poji office, and the said aft made in Scot-

land in the fifth feftion of the firft parliament of his said late majesty King JVilliam the Third, intituled, An aft anent the poft office, and every article, claufe, and thing therein or in either of them contained, shall be, and is and are hereby, from and after the firft day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, aftually repealed, except as is herein after mentioned.

II. And to the end a general poft office may be eftablifhed for and throughout her Maiefty’s kingdoms of Great Britain ^nd Ireland, her colonies and plantations in North America, and the Weft Indies, and all other her Majefty’s dominions and territories, in such manner as may be moft beneficial to the people of thefe kingdoms, and her Majefty may be fupplied, and the revenue ariftng by the said office better improved, fettled, and fecured to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, in such manner as is herein after mentioned ; be it enafted by the authority a-One general Forefaid, That from and after the said firft day of June> one poft office to thousand feven hundred and eleven, there be from thenceforth beerefted. one generai ietter office and poft office erefted and eftablifhed in fomc convenient place within the city of London, from whence all letters and packets whatfoever may be with fpeed and expedition fent into any part of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or to North America, the Weft Indies, or to any other of her Majefty’s dominions or territories, or unto any other kingdom or country beyond the feas, at which said office all returns and anfwers may be likewife received ; and that one ma-and one poft- fter 0f the fajd general letter office and poft office shall be, from matter general, tjme (Q tjme^ appointed by the Queen's majesty, her heirs and fuccefTors, to be made ana conftituted by letters patents under the great feal of Great Britain, by the name and ftile of her Majefty’s poftmafter general; which said mafter of the said office, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto fufficiently authorized, and his and their fervants and agents, and no o-ther person or persons whatfoever, fhall, from time to time, and at all times, have the receiving, taking up, ordering, difpatch-ing, fending poft, or with fpeed, carrying and delivering of all letters and packets whatfoever, which fhall, from time to time, and at all or any times, be fent to and from all and every the parts and places of Great Britain and Ireland, North America, the JVejl Indies, and other her Majefty’s dominions, and also to and from all and every the kingdoms and countries beyond the feas, where he fhall fettle or caufe to be fettled ports, or Exception, running meifengers for that purpofe : except such letters as

fhall



1710.]	Anno	nono	Anisl$. c. 10.	117

ffiall refpeCtively concern goods fent by common known carriers of goods by carts, waggons, or pack horfes, and shall be refpeCtively delivered with the goods such letters do concern, without hire or reward, or other profit or advantage for receiving or delivering such letters ; and except letters of merchants, and mafters, owners of any (hips, barques, or veflels of merchandize, or any the cargo or loading therein fent on board such (hips, barques, or veflels of merchandize, whereof such merchants or mafters are owners, as^ aforesaid, and delivered by any mafters of any such (hips, barques, or veflels of merchandize, or by any other person employed by them for the carriage of such letters aforesaid, according to their refpeCtive directions, fo as such letters be delivered to the refpe&ive per-lbns to whom they shall be directed without paying or receiving any hire or reward, advantage, or profit for the fame in any yfife; and also except commiflions, or the return thereof, affidavits, writs, procefs, or proceedings or returns thereof, iflu-ing out of any court; and also any letter or letters to be fent by any private friend or friends, in their way of journey or travel, or by any meffenger or meflengers fent on purpofe for or concerning the private affair of any person or persons.

III. Provided alwavs nevertheless, That nothing in the said carn'erg exception contained (nail extend or be conftrued to extend to coachmen, give any licence or authority to any common known carriers of &c. not to goods by carts, waggons, or pack horfes, their fervants or a- carry lcttcrs-

{;ents, to recejve, colledt, or deliver, with or without hire, any etter or letters, packet or packets of letters whatfoever, that do not concern goods in their carts, waggons, or on their pack horfes, nor to any owners or drivers of ftage coaches, nor to any owners, mafters, or commanders of boats called paflage boats, failing between any part of Great Britain or Ireland, and any parts or places beyond the feas, or their fervants or agents, nor to any paflenger or paflengers on board such boats or veflels, nor to the owners or watermen on board of any boat, barge, or veflcl pafling or repafling on any river or rivers, to and from any parts of Great Britain and Ireland, North Airurica, or the Weft Indies, or other her Majefty’s dominions ar.d territories, although such drivers of ftage coaches, owners, mafters, or commanders of boats called paflage boats, or paflengers therein, owners or watermen on board of any such boat, barge, or vef-fel pafling or repafling on any such river or rjvers, as aforesaid, do not receive any hire or reward, or other advantage for the fame \ but that all such carriers, owners, and drivers of ftage coaches, owners, mafters, or commanders of paflage boats, and the paflengers therein, and all owners and watermen on board of *ny boat, barge, or veflel pafling or repafling on any river or rivers, to or from any the parts and places aforesaid, collecting and delivering letters, as aforesaid, though without hire or reward, shall be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be persons offending against this ad, and shall forfeit and pay such fum and fums of money, as persons collecting, re-

I 3	,	ceivingi





6ce.

n8	Anno	nono	Annas,	c.	rol	£1710;

Explained as cetving, taking up, conveying and delivering of letters for hire, ^tterii ^ OT ^etting UP» employing and maintaining any poft contrary to 4Geo.i. c. 33.r^s or arc or ^all ^ concerned therein, are herein ’ after enalted to forfeit and pay,

A chief let- IV. And to the end there may be one chief letter office also ^er^ed^t *n Britain and Irelandf, and at New York in North America, Edinburgh* atanc* *n	Indies,	from	whence	the	diftances for which the

Dublin, and at rates hereby granted may be computed and fettled; be it enadt-New York, ed by the authority aforesaid. That such poftmafter general fo to be conftituted, as aforesaid, lhall be at liberty to keep one chief letter office in the city of Edinburgh, and one other chief letter office in the city of Dublin, and one chief letter office in Nav York aforesaid, and other chief offices at feme convenient place or places in each of her Majefty’s provinces or colonies in America, and in each of the islands in the Weft Indies, called the Leward Iflands, and appoint fufficient deputies undier him, for the better managing, ordering, colleding, and improving the revenue hereby granted.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That such poftmafter general for the time being, as shall from time to time be made and conftituted by her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the refpedtive deputies or fubftitutes of such poftmafter general, and no other person or persons whatfoever, shall prepare and provide horfes and furniture, to let to hire unto all or any person or persons riding in poft, by commhlion or without, to or from all and every the parts and places of Great Bri~ tain and Ireland, where any poft-roads are or shall be fettled and eftabliftied.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for such pomnafter general to be conftituted and appointed, as aforesaid, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto fufficiently authorized, to and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fuoceffors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the portage, and conveyance of all such letters and packets which he shall fo convey, cairy, or fend poft, as aforesaid, and for the providing and furnifhihg horfes for persons riding in poft, as aforesaid, according to the feveral rates and fums of lawful Britijh money hereafter mentioned, not to exceed the fame: (that is to fay) for the port of every Angle letter, or piece of paper, to or from any place not exceeding eighty Englijb miles diftant from the said general poft-office in London, and within that part of Great Britain called England, and not coming from or directed on (hip-board, three pence $ and for the like port of every double letter, Hx pence; and fo proportionably unto the said rates for the port of every packet of letters ; and for the like port of every packet of writs, deeds, and other things, after the rate of twelve pence of Britijh money for every ounce weight; and for the port of every Angle letter, or piece of paper, to or from any place above; eighty such Englijb miles diftant from the said general poft-office,

and

The poftmafter general, and no other, to provide horfes for riding poft#

aaG, a. c. 15.

Kates for carrying letters in England.

By 6 Geo. 1. c. at. f. 51.

Bills of exchange^ and federal letters on one taper, are to be charged as di-f itth Utters.



f7io.]	Anno nono Ann-®. c. io.	119

and within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, or to the town of Berwick upon Tweedy and not coining from or dire&ed on (hip-board, tour pence; and for the like port of every double letter eight pence; and fo proportionably unto the faia rates for the port of every packet or letters ; and for the like port of every packet of writs, deeds, and other things, after the rate of one (hilling and four pence Britijb money for every ounce weight: and for the port of every fingle let-	*

ter, or piece of paper, from the said general poft-omce in London unto the city of Edinburgh, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or from thence to the said general pod-office in Rates for Scot-the city of London, and to and from Dumfreys, or Cockburn/petb, land, and between either of thofe places and the said city of Edin-burgh, not coming from, or directed on board any (hip, fix pence; and for tne like port of every double letter, twelve pence 5 and fo proportionably upto the said rates, for the port of every packet of letters ; and for the like port of every packet of writs, deeds, and other things, after the rate of two fhillings Britijb money for every ounce weight 5 and for the port of every fingle letter, or piece of paper, to or from the chief pod-office in the (aid city of Edinburgh, to or from any place not exceeding fifty such Englijb miles didant from the laid chief pod-office in Edinburgh, and within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, and not coming from, or directed on board of any (hip or veflel, two pence Britijb money; and for the like port of every double letter, four pence of like money; and fo

f>roportionab]y to the said rates for the port of every packet of etters ; and for the like port of every packet of writs, deeds, and other things, after the rate of eight pence Britijb money for every ounce weight; and for the port of every fingle letter or piece of paper, to or from any place above fifty fuen miles di-ftant from the said chief office in Edinburgh, ana not exceeding eighty such miles, and within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and not coming from, or dire&ed on (hip-board, three pence; and for the like port of every double letter, fix pence ; and fo proportionably to the said rates for the port of every packet of letters; and for the like port of every packet of writs, deeds, and other things, after the rate of twelve pence Britijb money for every ounce weight; and for the port of every fingle letter, or piece or paper, to or from any place above eighty Englijb miles didant from the said chief office in Edinburgh, and within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and not coming from or directed on (hip-board, four pence Britijb money; and for the like port of every double letter, eight pence; and fo proportionably to the faia rates for the port of every packet of letters; and for the like port of every packet of writs, deeds, and other things, after the rate of one milling and four pence Briti/b money for every ounce weight: and for the port of every fingle letter, or piece of paper, from the said general letter Rates for Ire-office in London, unto the city of Dublin in Ireland, or from the land.

I 4	faid

 ^.ooQle

Kates for letters on board any (hip.

P$npy-po{t?

Kate* for foreign letters.

Apnb nono Ann^. c. io.'	[17

fiiid city of Dublin in Ireland, unto the said general poft-office, and not coming from, or diredted on board ofany (hip, fix pence of Britijh money ; and for the like port of every double letter, twelve pence Britijh money ; and fo proportionably unto the said rates for the port of every packet of letters; and for the like port of every other packet of writs, deeds, and other things of greater bulk, two (hillings of Britijh money for every ounce weight; and for the port of such letters or packets as shall be conveyed or carried from the chief poft-office in the said city of Dublin, unto any other place or places within the kingdom of Ireland, or from any other place within the said kingdom, not coming from, or directed on (hip-board, according to the rates and fums of Britijh money hereafter following, (viz.) for the port of every Angle letter from the chief poft-office in the said city of Dublin, to or from any place not exceeding forty Englijh miles diftant from the said chief office in Dublin, ana within the said kingdom of Ireland, not coming from, or directed on (hip-board, two pence; and for the like port of every double letter, four pence ; and fo proportionably unto the said rates for the port of every packet of letters; and for the like port of every other packet of writs, deeds, or other things, after the rate of eight pence for every ounce weight; and for the port of every fingle letter or piece of paper, tp or from any place above forty Englijh miles diftant from the said chief office in Dublin, and within the said kingdom of Ireland, and pot coming from, or directed on board of any (hip or veflel, four pence; and for the like port of every double letter, eight pence; and fo proportionably unto the laid rates for the port of every packet of letters ; and for the like port of every packet of writs, deeds, and other things, after the rate of one (hilling and four pence for every ounce weight: and for the port of all and every the letters and packets of letters directed on board, or fetched or brought from on board any (hip or veflel, riding or flopping ip any port within her Majefty’s dominions, the fum of one penny, over and above the rates granted in and by this a<ft : and for the port of all and every the letters and packets, paffing or re-paffing by the carriage called the penny-poft, eftablifned and fettled within the cities of London and IVeJlminJler> and borough of Southwark, and parts adjacent, and to be received and ddi-vered within ten Englijh miles diftant from the said general letter-office in London, one penny : and for the port of all and every the letters, packets, and parcels of goods that shall be carried or conveyed to or from any of her Majefty’s said dominions, to or from any other parts or places beyond the feas, according to the feveral and refpedtive rates following, the fame being rated cither by the letter or by the ounce; that is to fay,

All



121

Anno nono Annas. c. 10.

' Single, ten pence.

.	Double, one (hilling

A!commgfrom any ^Treble* PtwoefhiUingS part of	France to	London, f fix p’,nce. B

JOunce, three (hillings four pence.

All letters and packets pafling from LonS\

donythrough Francey to any part of Rouble,three (hillings.

*KffSjgr® 1 Ttk-„tur ,hi"in8*

W, - If,	J	OuncTfu ihaitag..

AH letters and packets pafling from Lon-m don> through France, to any part of Italyy or Sicily, by the way of LyonSy or to any part of Turkey, by the way of Merceliay and from any of thoie parts, through France, unto London.

Single, one (hilling three pence. Double, two (hillings ► fix pence.

Treble, thre? (hillings nine pence.

Ounce, five (hillings*

All letters and packets coming from any part of the Spanijb Netherlands unto London,	-

Single, ten pence.

Double, one (hilling eight pence.

Treble, two (hillings fix pence.

Ounce, three (hillings four pence.

All letters and packets pafling from Lon-' don through the Spanijb Netherlands to any part of Italy or Sicily (port paid to Antwerp) and from any part of Italy or Sicilyy through the Spanijb Netherlands unto London,

Single, one (hilling. Double, two (hillings. ^T reble,three (hillings. Ounce, four (hillings.

All Jetters and packets pafling from Lon-' don through the Spanijb Netherlands to any part of Germany, Switzerland, Denmarky Swedeny and all parts of the L north, and from any of thofe parts through the Spanijb Netherlands unto London, -	-	-	-	_

Single, one (hilling. Double, two (hillings. Treble, three (hillings.

Ounce, four (hillings.

All



422

Anno nono Ann««. c. io.	[1710.

All letters and packets palling from Lon-') Single, one (hilling dm through the Spanijb Netherlands to I fix pence, any part of Spain or Portugal, and I Double,threefhillings. from any part of Spain or Portugal, ^Treble, four (hillings through the Spanijb Netherlands unto j fix pence.

London,	•	-	-	-	J	Ounce,	fix	(hillings.

1 Single, ten pence. Double, one (hilling eight pence.

pan or me unitoa rrovmces unto L.m- ^Treble, two (hillings don, ----- J fix pence.

J1 Ounce, three (hillings four pence.

All letters and packets pafiing from Lon-1 Single, one (hilling. don through the United Provinces Ibr j Double, two (hillings, any part of Italy or Sicily, and from ^.Treble, three (hil-any part of Italy or Sicily, through 1 lings, the United Provinces, unto London,	j Ounce, four (hillings.

All letters and packets pafiing from Lon•4 don through the United Provinces to any part of Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Sweden, and all parts of the I north, and from any of thofe parts and places, through the United Provinces unto London,	- - -	.

Single, one (hilling. Double, two (hillings. Treble, three (hillings.

Ounce, four (hillings*

All letters and packets pafiing from Lon-	onc

Jim	tLlTTul^V Dhuijooi	lUC	DCHCG*

per Double,

don through the United Provinces unto any part of Spain or Portugal, and ?.u Cj from any part of Spain or Portugal, f T 1”9S‘ tKrmurh the United Provinces unto ■ rc c*

three (hil-

through London,

four (hillings | fix pence.

j Ounce, fix (hillings.

All letters and packets pafiing from Lon-1 Single, ten pence. don through the Spanijb Netherlands, I Double, one (hilling or the United Provinces, to Hamburgh | eight pence.

(port paid to Antwerp or Amjterdam) ^Treble, two (hillings and from Hamburgh, through the | fix pence.

Spanijb Netherlands or the United Pro- j Ounce, three (hillings Vinces unto London,	-	-	J	four pence.

' AH



i;io.]

iti

Anno nono Ann a. c. io.

Single, one (hilling

All letters and packets paffing between

London, Spain, or Portugal, by packet boats, -	-	-	f

fix pence.

Double, three (hillings.

Treble, four (hillings fix pence.

Ounce, fix (hillings.

All letters and packets paffing from London unto Jamaica,	Barbadoes,,

Montferrat, Nevis, apd &»/'«/ phers in America, and from any of f Treble, four (hillings thole places to	London, - - j	fix pence.

j Ounce, fix (hillings.

Single, one (hilling fix pence. Double, three (hillings.

”| Single, one (hillling. All letters and packets from London to I Double, two (hillings. New York in	North	America, and thence yTreble,	three Quito London, -	-	-	-	t	lings.

J Ounce, four (hillings.

All letters and packets from any part ,of the Wefi Indies, to New York, a-forefaid, -	*

Single, four pence. Double, eight pence. ^.Treble, one (hilling. Ounce, one (hilling J and four pence.

1 Single, four pence. All letters and packets from New York, I Double, eight pence, to any phce within fixty Englifh miles ^Treble, one (hilling, thereof, and thence back to New York, \ Qunce, one (hilling

J and four pence.

All letters and packets from New York' to	Perth Amboy,the	chief town in Eafi

New Jerfey, and to	the

chief town in fTe/l New Jerfey, and

Single, fix pence. Double, one (hiding.

from each of thole places back to New V Treble, one fliilling

Z	frn gy1	4a am#	— — — —	—

York, and from New York, to any place not exceeding one hundred Eng-HJb miles, and from each of thefe places to New York,

and fix pence. Ounce, two (hillings.

All letters and packets from Perth |	f°“r	P®nce*

boy and Bridlington to any place not I

..c«di„g *4 IL,

thence back again

I Ounce, one (hilling j and four pence.

All



124

Anno nono Ann^. c. io.	[1710:

All letters and packets from Perth

boy and Bridlington, to any place not ^ublc’ exceeding one hundred Englijh miles, s' ^5^c* one ^,n® and thence back again ■£. -.’jo^-hMags.

All letters and packets from New Tort to") Single, nine pence. New London, the chief town in Con- I Double, One (hilling neflicute in New England, and to Phi- I fix pence. ladelphia the chief town in PenJUvania, V Treble, two (hillings and from thofe places back to New j three pence.

Tort,	-	-	-	-	-	J Ounce,three (hillings.

All letters and packets from New London and Philadelphia, to any place not exceeding fixty Englijh miles, and thence back again, -

1 Single, four pence. Double, eight pence. ►Treble, one (hilling. Ounce, one (hilling J four pence.

\

All letters and packets from New London]

and	Philadelphia, to any place, not 1 ’ nnt(hiilino'

exceeding one hundred Englijh miles, >Trreble’ °"e ftu,llD8 and fo back again, -	-	!	-	lX	^>en

j Ounce, two (hillings*

All letters and packets from New Yort' aforesaid to New Port the chief town 1 in Rhode IJland, and Providence Plantation jn New England, and to Bojlon the chief town in Majfachufets bay in

Single, one (hilling. Double, two (hillings.

--------------------      -jj--—j-------- j	 7---------------O

New England aforesaid, and to Port/- V Treble, three (hil-

„ mouth the chief town in New Hamp-Jhire in New England aforesaid, and to Annapolis the chief town in Maryland, and from every of thofe places to New Yort, -	-	-	-	-	,

lings.

Ounce, four (hillings.

All letters and packets from Newport,") Single, four pence. v Bojlon, Portfmouth, and Annapolis a- / Double, eight pence, forefaid, to any place not exceeding >Treble, one (hilling, fixty Englijh miles, and thence back V Ounce, one (hilling again, -	-	-	-	-	J	four	pence.

AH letters and packets from NewportSingle, fix pence. Bojlon, Portfmouth, and Annapolis a-/ Double, one (hilling, forefaid, to any place not exceeding >Treble, one (hilling one hundred Englijh miles, and thence V fix pence, back again, *	-	-	-	J	Ounce,	two	(hillings.

All



All letters and packet from New York aforesaid, to the chief offices in Salem and Ipfwicb, and to the chief office in Pifiataway, and to WiUiantfburgb the chief office in Virginia, and from every of thofe places to New York, -

" Single, one (hilling three pence.

Double, two (hillings ^ fix pence. *

I Treble, three (hillings | nine pence, j Ounce, five (hillings.

All letters and packets from the chief"] Single, four pence, offices in Salem, Ipfwicb, Pifiataway, I Double, eight pence, and Williamjburgb aforesaid, to any ^.Treble, one (hilling, place not exceeding fsxty Englijb miles, (Ounce, one (hilling and thence back again, *	-	- J four pence.

All letters and packets from the chief"! Single, fix pence, offices in Salem, Ipfwicb, Pifiataway, I Double, one (hilling, and Williamfburgh, aforesaid, to any ITreble, one (hilling place not exceeding one hundred Eng- 1 fix pence. lijb miles, and thence back again, J Ounce, two (hillings.

"1 Single, one (hilling All letters and packets from Nnv York I fix pence.

aforefaid, to Charles Town, the chief I Double, three (hil-town in North and South Carolina, and L lings, from Charles Town aforesaid, to New \ Treble, four (hillings York,	| fix	pence.

J Ounce, fix (hillings.

All letters and packets from Charles Town aforesaid, to any place not exceeding fixty Englijb miles, and thence back again.

Single, four pence. Double, eight pence. Treble, one (hilling. Ounce, one (hilling four pence.

All letters and packets from CharlesTown aforesaid, to any place not exceeding one hundred Englijb miles, and thence back again.

"1 Single, fix pence.

I Double, one (hilling. ^.Treble, one (hilling

Jfix pence.

Ounce, two (hillings.

125

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That such Pl*<*s where poftmafter general fo to be appointed, as aforesaid, shall and

may receive and take, according to the fame rates and propor- pay according tions for the port of letters, packets, and parcels, to or from tor thefe rate*, any of the parts or places beyond the feas, where ports have not been heretofore fettled, and may hereafter be fettled by such poftmafter general for the time being.

VIII.	And be jt further enaded. That all letters and packets Foreign let-dire&ed to, or coming from any of the foreign parts or places ters colle&ed, aforesaid, and collected of delivered at any part or place be- &c* between tween London and any of the ports from whence any of her

Majefty’s ^





Poftmafter to ered crof# ftages, &c.

126	Anno	nono	ANNJE.	C.'io.	[1710.

whence the Majefty’* packet boats shall at any time hereafter fail, or at packet boat which they lhall or may arrive with the foreign mails, do pay toor from^** t*ie ^ame rates as the lame were conveyed in the laid mails London. to or from London.

Packet boats IX. And be it further enacted by the authority afordaid, to go from Do- 'That such poftmafter general shall be at liberty to keep and

T13Cil3(lCC to	*	*	*	1	%	^	as	#	* t	*	*	a	•

Port Patrick. mamtain packet boats to go weekly ( wind and weather permitting) to and from Donacbadee, or (ome other convenient port in Ireland, to Port Patrick, or fome other convenient port in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for conveyance of letters and packets for the conveniency of trade and commerce between the said kingdoms, paying over and above the inland rates hereby rated and appointed to be received for such letters and packets, at the place where such letter or letters are delivered in to be fent by such packet boats, according to the rates following $ that is to fay. For every such (ingle letter two pence, double four pence, treble fix pence, ounce eight pence.

X.	And forafmmh as it may be convenient to ereft Jome crofs ftages for the better maintaining of trade and commerce, and mutual cor-refpondencies, and to fettle the rates for all by or way letters and packets conveyed by poft in any of the said kingdoms \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said firil day of June, one thoufimd feven hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful to and for the poftmafter general for the time being, fo conftituted, as aforesaid, to ered and fet up crofs ftages to and from any place or places whatfoever \ and thereupon such poftmafter general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto fufficiently authorized, shall and may lawfully demand, have, receive, and take for the poftage and conveyance, as well of all such letters and packets which he or they mall fo convey, carry, or fend poft, as aforesaid, in any such crofs ftages, as for all by or way letters and packets, the fame rates in proportion to the diftances of the places to which they shall be direded from the places at which they shall be put in, as letters and packets conveyed and re-conveyed to and from London, are rated to pay.

XI.	And for the better reducing all miles in both the said kingdoms throughout all the poft roads within one hundred miles diftance from the said chief offices, and in the crofs roads now fettled, or hereafter to be fettled, to one and the fame meafure and ftandard $ and for preventing difputes touching the fame; be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for such person and persons as the poftmafter general for the time being mall appoint, to meafure, or caufe to be meafured, by the wheel, all roads, except such roads where ftages are already fettled ; and that such person or persons fo to be authorized, shall caufe fair furveys or books to be made for each of the said kingdoms ; one or each whereof to be left with her Majefty’s poftmafter general in London ; another of each to be left at the chief poft office in Edinburghwith the poftmafter general's deputy therej another of

each

A farvey to be taken of the diftances of the roads.



127

1710.]	Anno	nono	Ann^b.	c.	io.

each to be left at the chief poft office in Dublin, with the poft-mafter general’s deputy there, to remain in the said poft offices; aad each of which said books shall be figned by such person or persons making the fame, and by the poftmafter general for the time being, and his deputies in such general offices in each kingdom, and the comptrollers and furveyors belonging or to belong to the said general poft offices in London, Edinburgh, and Dublin: which books or furveys shall afcertain and determine the diftances on all the said roads.

XII.	Provided always. That such person or persons who Surveyor to be shall be authorized to meafure the said diftances, and every fwom.

of them, shall be fwom to perform the fame, according to the beft of their (kill and judgment; which oath shall and may be adminiftred by any of her Majeftv’s justices of the peace in the said kingdoms refpe&ively, who mall make a certificate thereof in writing, to be entred in the three general poft offices afore-faid, without fee or charge.

XIII.	Provided always. That all merchants accounts not Provifo for exceeding one (heet of paper, and all bills of exchange, in- merchants. By voices, and bills of lading, are, and shall hereby be understood * Geo.«. c. to be allowed without rate in the price of the letters 5 and like-

wife the covers of letters, not exceeding one fourth part of a ^ reftredsudto flieet of paper. Cent by the way of Vienna, Marfeilles, Venice, or merchants Leghome, to be lent to or from Turkey, shall be underftood to accounts, &e. be allowed to pafs without rate or payment for the fame.	beyondfia,

XIV.	And in regard the said poftmafter general and his deputies are obliged, as well for performing the duties of the fevered ftages of Great Britain and Ireland, as for fumijbing such as ride poft with horfes and furniture, to be at great charge to maintain a convenient number of fervants, horfes, and furniture ; be it enacted Rates for rid-by the authority afordaid* That it shall and may be laWful to in£ P0^ and for such poftmafter general and his deputy and deputies,

to afk, demand, take and receive of every perfon, that he or they shall fumiih and provide with hones aod furniture, or with horfes, furniture, and guide, to ride poft in any of the poft roads, as aforesaid, three pence of Briti/b money for each and every horfe-hire or poftage for every Englijb mile, and four pence, ot like money for the person riding as guide for every ftage j and the deputy or deputies of such poftmafter general shall not charge any person riding poft, for the carrying of any bundle or parcel of goods, carried along with them, in their way of travel, fo as any such bundle or parcel of goods do not exceed the weight of eighty pounds averdupois, to be laid on the horfe rid by the guide, and no deputy shall be obliged to carry above that weight for any person riding poft.

XV.	And whereas, upon the arrival of /hips from parts beyond the feas, into feveral ports within her Majejlys dominions, many let-ters dire fled to feveral merchants and others, htrae been either tmbe-Tilled or long detained, to the great damage of the merchants and 0-thers, to whom the fame were dire fled, in want of that fpcedy advice and intelligence, winch they might had, if the fame had been forthwith





128

At port towns deputy poft-m after to receive all letters from on board (hips, See.

And to givfe the bringer a penny a letter, & c.

None to carry letters, Sec. but the poft-mafter genera), or his deputies.

Anno nono Ann/b. e. io.	[1710.*

with difpatched by the fettled pofts, and fometimes such letters have been delivered by the majlers or pajfengers of such Jhips, to ignorant andloofe bands that underjland not the ways and means of fptedy conveyance and delivery of letters, whereby great prejudice hath accrued to the affairs of merchants and others, as well by the tmfear-riage of many letters fo brought, as oftentimes by the opening the fame, to the difeovery of the correfpondency and fecrets of the merchants ; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all letters and packets, that by any mailer of any (hip or veffel, or any of his company, or any paffengers therein, shall or may be brought to any port town, or which shall arrive or touch at any port belonging to any port town, within any her Majefty’s dominions, or any the members thereof, or which shall be on board any (hip or veffel, that shall or do touch of (lay at any such port town (other than such letters as are before excepted, or may be fent by common known carriers in manner aforesaid, or by a friend, as aforesaid) (hall, by such matter, paffenger, or other person or persons, be forthwith delivered unto the deputy or deputies only of such poftmatter ge-> neral for the time being, by him appointed, for such place or port town, and to be by such deputy or deputies fent port niw to the said general pod office, to be delivered according to the feveral and refpedlive dire&ions of the fame, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds of Britijh money, for every feveral offence against the tenor of this present a<tt.

XVI.	And for the encouragement of all such matters of (hips or veffels, or such other perfons, on their arrival at such ports, as aforesaid, from any parts beyond the feas, to deliver unto the deputy or deputies of such poftmatter general for such place or port town at which they shall fo touch or arrive, all such letters and packets as they shall refpe&ively have on board such veflel or veffels, every such matter or other perfons, for every letter or packet of letters he or they shall fo deliver unto such deputy or deputies, shall receive the fum of one penny, of such deputy or deputies, he or they (igning a certificate of the number of letters delivered, and by what veffel they came, and of the time when he or they delivered the fame to such deputy or deputies, and giving a receipt for such number of pence as he or they shall receive of such deputy or deputies ; which certificate and receipt shall be by such deputy by the next poft returned to the said poftmatter general, together with the letters fo delivered, who shall have credit on his account for fo much money as any such deputy shall pay on that account.

XVII.	And be it further enaifted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatfoever, or body politick or corporate, in any part of thefe kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or other her Majefty’s plantations and colonies in the Weft Indies and America, other than such poftmatter general as (hall, from time to time, be nominated and appointed by her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and conftituted by letters patents under the great Teal of Great Britain, as aforesaid, and his deputy and deputies, or afligns, shall prefuine to receive, take

up.

 v^ooQie

iyio.]	AiWo	nono	Anna. c. to*	ti$

up, order, difpatch, convey, carry, recarry, or dfeliver any letter or letters, paoket or packets ofMetters (other than as before excepted) or make any collection of letters, or fet up or employ any foot port, horfe port, or packet boat, or other vefc fel or boat, or other person or persons, conveyance or conveyances whatfoever, for the receiving, taking up, ordering, dif-patching, conveying, carrying, recarrying, or delivering any letter or letters, packet or packets of letters, by fea or by land, or on any river, within her Majefty’s dominions, or by means whereof any letter or letters, packet or packets of letters, shall be colleCtea, received, taken up, ordered, difpatched, conveyed, carried, recarried, or delivered, by fea or land, or on any river, within her Majefty’s dominions (other than as before excepted) or shall prefume to keep, provide, and maintain horfes, or furniture for the horfing of any person or persons or provj^e riding port, that is to fay, riding feveral ftages upon a port road, hories for and changing horfes, or shall lett to hire, or furnilh any perfotl riding poft. or persons whatfoever with horfes or furniture for riding poft, *»Geo.a.c*»5. as aforesaid, on any of the port roads or ftages now or hereafter to be appointed, with or without a guide or horn, for hire of reward, or on any agreement or promife of reward, or whereby he or they may have any profit or advantage ; on pain of penalty, forfeiting the fum of five pounds of Britijh money for every feveral offence against the tenor of this present a&, and also of the fum of one hundred pounds of like Britijh money for every week that .any offender against this adt shall colled, receive, take up, order, difpatch, convey, carry, recarry, or deliver arty letter or letters, packet or packets of letters, by fea or land, or on any river, within her Majefty’s dominions (other than as before excepted) or that lhall prefume to fet up, continue, or	1

/employ any foot poft, horfe port, or packet boat, or other vef-fel or boat, or any other person or persons, conveyance or conveyances whatfoever, for the receiving, taking up, ordering, di(patching, conveying, carrying, recarrying, or delivering of any letter or letters, packet or packets of letters, by fea ot land, or on any river, within her Majefty’s dominions, as afore* faid.

XVIII.	And whereas divers deputy poftmajiers da celled great quantities of pojl Utters calUd by or way Utters, and by clandcjline and private agreements amongjl themfelves% do convey the fame pojl in their reffective mails, or by bags, according to their feveral directions,	-	I

without accounting for the fame, or endorfing the fame on their bills,	?

to the great detriment of her Majejly's revenues: for preventing	—	'I

whereof for the time to come; be it enadted by the authority aforesaid. That if at any time hereafter, any person or persons Deputy poft-employed as a deputy poftmafter, or otherwise, in thefe kingdoms	^	'

of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of her Majefty’s domi- or way letters, nions and territories in the - Weft Indies or in North America,

(hail not duly ^nfwer and account to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for all such by or way letters as fuclf deputy* ot deputies, dr any by his, her, or their order shall receive the Vol. XII.	K	port





Anno nono AtiNJB. C.-<0*A	[17^

port for, or that shall not on his pr h$r poft bills cxadly mention all the by or way letters be* (he, or, they shall or do, receive, or which shall come to his, her, or their hand or hands* cuftody or power, diftinguifhfog them fpverally, whether (ingle* double, treble, or ounce weight, or that shall deltroy or em-bezil any such by letter or by letters, packet or packet* of Utters ; every such person fo offending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, such penalties and forfeitures, as the persons herein before prohibited, fetting up or employing other pofts, or colle&ing, carrying, recarrying, ordering, difpatch-ing, or delivering letters and packets contrary hereunto, are cnadted to forfeit and pay.

Penalties how XIX. And it is hereby enafted, That all and Angular the to be recover- said feveral penalties and forfeitures by this a£t impofed on an1

cd,

offender or offenders against the fame, or any part thereof, shall and may be fued for and recovered by a&ion or adtions of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any ot her Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, privilege, protection, or wager of law shall be admitted; and the said feveral and refpe&ive penalties and forfeitures, that shall happen from time to time to be recovered, shall be and remain, the one moiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who shall or will in” form against the offender or offenders against this present aft, and shall and will fue for the said penalties and forfeitures upon the fame ; and on every such recovery, such person or persons fo informing, and profecuting for the said penalties and for-features, shall recover, and have also taxed and paid, their full cofts of fuit.

Provifo, when XX. Provided always. That if any poftmafter of any tefpee-poftmafter tive ftages on any poft-roads, in any her Majefty’s dominions, nh^hTrfes^n IK>W ^ett^ec*» or hereafter to be fettled, doth not or cannot fur-one half hour. ®Y pw*f°n or persons riding in poft, with fufficient horfes within the fpace of one half hour after demand, that then fuch

Krfon or persons is and are hereby underftood to be left at li-rty to provide themfelves as conveniently as they can to the next ftage, and fo at every ftage where he or they shall not be furniftied, as aforesaid; and the person or persons who shall furnifh such horfes, shall not therefore be liable to any penalties or forfeitures contained in this a<ft, by reason thereof. Penalty on XXI. Provided always. That if through default or neglcdt of poftmafter not the poftmafter general, or his deputy for the time being, any providing. person or persons rfding in poft, shall fail, as aforesaid, ot being furnilhed with a fufficient horfe or horfes, for his or their ufe after demand, as aforesaid, that then and in every such cafe the poftmafter general or his deputy, fo offending, (haU forfeit the lum of five pounds (forling; the one moiety to her Majefty, her heirs and focceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall foe fpr the fame in any court of record, to be recovered and divided, as aforesaid.

XXIL Pro*

4



Anno nano Ann.*. c. ib.	13*

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further ensured, That no-tetters may be thing herein contained shall be underftood to prohibit the car- fent from any rying or re-carrying of any letters or packets, to or from any £eax^f ftage^a-town or place, to or from the next refpe<$tive poft-road or ftage bove fix miles appointed for that purpofe, above fix miles from the said ge- from the general poft-office, or the chief offices of Edinburgh and Dublin, ncrai °®cc* hut that every person shall have free liberty to fend and employ

fuch person or persons as they shall think fit for to carry the said letters or packets, as aforesaid, without any forfeiture or penalty therefore ; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXIII.	Provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein None may col-contained shall be conftrued to extend to give licence to any left letters in person or persons whatfoever, to make collection of letters in London, &c. or near the city of London, or fuburbs thereof, under pretence ^cefo.* of conveying the fame to any parts or places in the said city or * ■fuburbs, or to the general office of the said city, without the licence and leave of the poftmafter general for the time being:

and any person or persons aCting contrary hereunto fhall forfeit and pary as persons collecting, receiving, carrying, re-carrying, and delivering letters contrary to this adi, are hereby enabled to forfeit and pay, to be recovetfed, as aforesaid, and with full cofts of fuit.

XXIV.	Provided always, ’That if the packet or mail fhall The packet' be carried out of Great Britain into any part or place beyond to be the leas, in any (hip or veflel which is not a free {hip, and na- Qrat^ritaifc vigated with such feamen as, by the laws of this land, the fame \n foreign are required to be, that then, and in every such cafe, the poft- (hips* matter general for the time being fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fteriing, the one moiety to her Maiefty, her

heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall fue for the fame in any court of record, to be recovered by bill, plaint, ot other information, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager at law fhall be allowed.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority Poftmafter, aforesaid, That such poftmafter general, and all officers and &c. how to deputies adting under him, and all officers belonging to the

faid general poft-office, within that part of the said united king-dom called England, receiving the lacrament according to the ufage of the church of England, and taking, making, and fob-feribing the teft, and the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy, and abjuration, appointed by any of the laws of the said part of the said united kingdom, to be taken, made, and fubferibed by officers in publick places of truft in the government, and within such times, and in such places as are particularly appointed by any of thofe laws for doing the fame, fhall be deemed, and taken to be fufficiently qualified to aft in their refpedtive ihitions and duties, and to execute their refpe&ive employments throughout the said whole united kingdom, and all other her Majefty’s dominions, and fhall not incur any penalties, forfeitures, or difebdities, for not taking the oaths of allegiance

K a	and



Provifo for -Trurow, Pen-rin, Kendall, Penrith, &c.

The poftma-

Her to obferve such orders as her Majefty ihall make.

No horfes to befcized with-

Anno nono	€.	io;	[171a*

and abjuration, and fubfcribing the aflurance appointed by any the laws of that part of the said united kingdom called Scotland* or by any law or laws of the said united kingdom of Great Bri~ tain, to be taken and made by any person in publick truft, not-withftanding such poftmafter general, and such deputies and officers, Ihall exercife their refpeftive offices and employments withjn all and every the parts and places of that part of the said united kingdom called Scotland: and all deputies and agents a&ing under such poftmafter general vyithin that part of the said united kingdom called Scotland, taking and making the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, and fubfcribing the fame, with tl\e aflurance appointed by any of the laws of the said part of the said united kingdom called Scotland, or by any law or laws qf the said united kingdom of Great Britain, to be taken and made by any person in publick truft, and within such times, and at (uch places, as are particularly appointed by any of thofe laws for doing the fame, ffiall be deemed and taken to be Efficiently qualified to execute and exercife their refpedive employments fo the said office throughout the said whole united kingdom, and all other her Majefty’s dominions; any ad: or ads of parliament in either of the said united kingdoms at any time heretofore made to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.	'	.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That a letter or packet poft shall twice every week come by the way of Trurow and Penrin to the town of Penzance, in the county of Cornwall; and once a week to Kendall, by the way of Lancajler\ and to the town of Penrith in Cumberland, by the way of Newcajlle and Carlijle; and to the city of Lincoln and the borough of Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

XXVII.	And for the better management of the said poft-office, and that the people of thefe kingdoms may have theu* intercourfe of commerce and trade the better maintained, and their letters and advices conveyed, carried, and re-carried with the greateft fpced, fecurity, and conveniency that may be ; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said poftmafter general fo nominated, appointed, and conftituted, as a -forefaid, and his deputies, (hall, from time to time, obferve and follow such orders, rules, diredions, and inftructions for and concerning the fettlement of ports and ftages upon the feve-ral roads in Great Britain and Ireland-, and other her Majefty’s dominions, and the providing and keeping a Efficient number of horfes at the feveral ftages, as well for the carrying and conveying the said letters and packets, as for the horfing of all persons riding in poft by warrant, or otherwise, as aforesaid, as her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, (hall, from time to time, in that behalf make and ordain.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it pnaded by the authority aforesaid. That ,no person or persons shall have power to

'	*	take.

 kjOOQie

t? 10.]	Anno nono Atfxm: c. io.	133

take, ufe, or feize any horfes for the fervices mentioned in this outthc own-aft, without the confent of the owner or owners thereof; any €rs confent. law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any* wife notwithstanding.

XXIX.	And forafmuch as the pojl mufl necejfarily pafs feveral Port to pay no-ferries in North America, in which the ferrymen give great delays, thing tor paf-andfometimes have endeavoured to exatt money from them, notvnth-

Jlanding the fame have always been free for the pojl \ be it there- ca°r cr-~' fore enafted by the authority aforesaid. That no deputy or a-gent of such poftmafter general, travelling with any mail of letters, shall pay any thing for palling or repairing any ferry within any of the colonies or plantations of her laid Majefty in North America aforesaid; but such ferrymen fhall forthwith, within one half hour after demand, convey fuph deputies, on pain of forfeiting for every offence the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in any court of record within any of the provinces or co~, lonies in North America, by bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efToin, proteftion, or wager of law lhall be allowed j one moiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, towards the fupport of the government of the said provinces* and the contingent charges thereof; and the other moiety to the poftmafter general, who lhall fue and prosecute for the Tame,	^

together with full cofts of fuit.	”

XXX.	And whereas many per fens having received their letter sy • rtfufe to pay for the fame, or often run in debt for the pof'age of their letters, or having received feme ftnall fum for the port tf letters, which fums being very fmall in particular, are properly to be recovered in a fummary way; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforesaid, That all fum and fums of money, not ex- Debts for poft-ceeding five pounds, that now is, or lhall be due from any per*

for* or persons for letters or packets, or any letter or packet, to ^cs arc# them delivered by any deputy or deputies of such poftmafter, general, or which now is, or lhall be due from any person or persons for the port of letters or packets to them delivered by any deputy or agent of such poftmafter general, not exceeding the said value, or which have been, Or mail be received for ther port of letters, not exceeding the fame value, without anfwer-ing or paying the monies fo due and owing to the receiver ge- - r \ neral of the said revenues for, her Majefty’s ufe, lhall be reco-vered before justices of the peace, in the fame manner, and under the fame rules, as fmall tithes are, by the laws of England, to be recovered; and such debt or fums of -money lhall be 7 & * W; preferable in payment by the person owing the fame, or from c-6* whofe eftate the fame is or lhall be due, betore any debt of any fort to any private person whomfoever.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, inland letters That all inland letters fent by any packet poll eftablilhed by to pay where this aft, as aforesaid, do and lhall pay the rates and prices be- dehvered. fore mentioned at such ftages at which they are laft delivered

pnly, unlefs the party that doth put in the letters defireth to pay elfewhqre, and unlefs any such letters are direfted on board

K 3	any





*34

tic*.

By-bugs for by-letters.

Suras due on i June, 1711* how recovers ble.

Anno hoj» Ai/n*. Cite*	[1716?

any (hip or veflel, or to any person in the army, or are Cent by*' the penny-poft, and unlefs they be letters or packets going out of Great Britain, which have ufaally paid the rates in England; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

Prorifofortfce XXXII. Provided always, That this aft, or any thing there-twouniverfi- in contained, shall not in any wife be prejudicial totheprivi-' leges of the two univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, or to the chancellors or fcholars of the fame, or their fuccefibrs, but that they may ufc and enjoy ftich privileges as heretofore they have lawfully ufed and enjoyed, and that ail letters and other things may be font or conveyed to or from the said two univerfities in manner as heretofore hath been ufed ; any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII.	Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful'

to and for the poftmafter general for the time being, his deputy and deputies, to continue by-bags^ for collfcfting and delivering of by-letters as hath been heretofore accuftomed; ftjch deputy and deputies duly accounting to, and paying the re-(peftive ports thereof to the receiver general of the feid revenue for the*time being, for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and-fucceflbrs.	'

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it farther enafted by the* _ authority aforesaid, That all and every fum and fums of money

which mall or may be due and owing to her Majefty' on the1 said firft day of June> one thousand (even hundred and eleven, for the duties and revenues that have arifen, or shall or may wife to that time by pofts, or by reason of the duties and revenues granted by either of the said former afts, shall be paid to the receiver general of the fiti4 revenue, for her Majefty’s ufe, and be recovered and recoverable in such manner, and by fudi ways,and means, as the fame were recoverable before the making of this present aft; any thing herein contained to the cpntraiy thereof in any wife notwithftandirtg.

XXJtV. And towards the eftablirtiment of a good, fure, and v lading fund, in order to raifo a present fupply of money for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s moft necefiary occa-* After *9 Sep- ftons; be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, for and during the whole term of thirty two years from thence next and immediately enfu-mg, the full, clear, and intire weekly fum of feven hundred Ch^Uttr0flf'°* pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, out of all the duties \t^p&petualan<* rcvenucs from time to time, arifing by virtue of this aft, ^ 3 Geof 1.	be	brought	and paid by the poftmafter general, the re-

c; 7. f. 1. ceiverigeneral of the poft-office, or such other person or perfon* money bo*w who* tor the time being, shall have the receipt of the said du-o^An^c! 23. an^ avenues, who are hereby refpeftively enjoined and re-1. 5*.	*	quired	to	bring	and	pay	the	fame	accordingly, into the receipt

of the Exchequer, upon Tuefday in every week, if it be not an holy-day, and if it be, then upon the next day that is not an

holy-

tember, 1711 for 3a years, 7001, to be paid weekly inttitho Ex



i^io.}	Ahnd	nono	ANN-ffi, C. io.	135

holy-day, as one week shall fucceflively and immediately follow and fucceed another; and in cafe in any week or weeks the Whole receipt of the monies of the said duties or revenues hereby charged, as aforesaid, shall not be fufficient to anfwer the said Weekly payment or payments hereby directed for such particular week or weeks, that then and fo often the deficiency and deficiencies thereof shall be fupplied and made good out of the whole receipt of the said duties Or revenues arifing in the next week or weeks. When the receipt or receipts shall be fufficient to bear the fame; all which payments into the Exchequer shall be made for the purpofes, and under the penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities hereafter in this aft exprefied.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Accountant aforesaid. That the poftmafter general for the time being;, at general, and the head office in London, (hall, from time to time, caufc an dSy. 'account to bd kept by an accountant general of all the monies arifing by virtue of this aft, of or for the duties or revenues aforesaid, and every or any of them, as the fame (hall, front time to time arife, be paid or brought into the said office, to the hands of the receiver general for the riqie being, who is or fhall be appointed, from time to time, to receive the fame; arid that such receiver general for the time being (hall, out Of the monies fo arifing, make the (aid weekly payments into the Exchequer, id manner, as aforesaid; and if the said poftmafter

tetteral for the time being shall refufe or negleft to appoint or eep such accountant general, or if such accountant general fhall hegleft to keep a juft and true account, as aforesaid, or if such receiver general mall at any time refufe or negleft to make any such weekly payments, as aforesaid, into the Exchequer, according to the true meaning of this aft, or if the said poftmafter general, accountant general and receiver general for the timfc being, or any of them, or any other officer of the said duties,

(hall divert or mifapply any or the monies which (hould make

good the said weekly payments, or any of them, or any paft

thereof, contrary tp the tenor and true meaning of this aft, at

any time or times, during the said term of thirty two years,

then and in any such cafe they and every of them fd offending

(hall forfeit their fev.eral offices and places, and be incapable to

ferve the Queen, her heirs or fucceffors, in any office or place	:

of truft or profit, and shall be liable, for every such offence, to

pay double the value of the money fo diverted or mifapplied, to

any person or persons who shall or may be grieved by reafon

of such offence, and will inform dr fue for the fame by aftion

of debt, or of the csfe,' bill, fuit, or information, in any of her

Majefty’s courts ,of record at fVeJtminJler, wherein rio effoin*

;proteftion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted dr allowed.

XXXVII.	And to the end the said weekly fum of feven A book to be hundred pounds may be made a fund or fecurity for the pur- keptinthcEx pofes in this aft exprefled ; be it further enafted by the autho- chequer, for rity aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the of-

K 4	fice





!3$

Anna nona A-nn^e.. c* 1a.



ficc ofthe auditor of the receipt of the Exchequer, Dne book,; in which all the monies which shall be paid in weekly, as a-* forefaid, for, or upon account of the said weekly fums out of. the said duties, shall be entred apart and diftinft from all other monies which shall be brought and paid to the said receipt up-, on any other account whatfoever.

Appropm- XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby'enafted, That 7ool°a week. tfo said weekly fum of (even hundred pounds for the purpofea aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, during all the said term of thirty, two years, be paid into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, out of the whole produce of the duties and revenues arifing by virtue of thisaft, with preference to all other payments which are, (hall, or may be charged or chargeable thereupon, the neceflary* charges for managing the said poft-office, and the duties thereof, and for receiving, anfwering, and accounting for the reve^ This Revenue nues ar^ing thereby, only excepted; and that the said duties' liable to all	and revenues arifing by this aft, (after deduction, from time to

annuities,	time, to be firft made of fo much as shall be then due and in-

g/*ant6»&c- curred, or in arrear of or for the said weekly payments, at any tho'tornicr^011 ^me Wlt^^n or during the term aforesaid, and after the allowance of such neceflary charges, as aforesaid, and not otherwisejj (hall, from time to time, be fubjeft and liable to fych annuU ties, and other payments and incumbrances, "which hy any aft ,pf parliament now in force were lawfully charged upon the re-^ venues of the pod-office, or any of them, granted by the faic} former afts hereby repealed, as aforesaid^ Qr which having been charged by any grant upon the said revenues,4, have been favec}. by aft of parliament, of and for such eftate and' estates in poflef-fion, reverfion, or remainder, and fubjeft to such conditions, limitations, reftriftions, and appointments, and in such or the like manner and form, (and not otherwise) as the said revenues, payable by the said former afts, or apy of them, would have been fubjeft or liable if this aft had not been made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary nptwithftanding.

XXXIX* Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the firft day of June, one thousand feven hundred forty and three, the fame rates and prices only, and no more, fnall be taken or paid for the carr 3 Geo, x, c.7. riage, conveyance, and delivery of all letters and packets fent *•	by the poft from one part of Great Britain to another, as alfo

for all letters brought to Great Britain, or fent from thence, from or to any parts beyond the feas, than were authorized or allowed to be taken by the poftmafter general, or his deputy or . deputies, for the poftage of such letters, by the said feveral afts hereby repealed*

No letters to 1	whereas	abufes	may	be committed by wilfully openings

be opened, He- imbeziling, detaining and delaying of Utters or packets, to the great tained, or de- difeouragement of trade, commerce, and correfpondenee: for preven-laved. ‘ tion thereof, he it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the said firft day oijune^onn thousand feven hundred and eleven, no person or persons shall prefume wittingly, willingly, or

• knowing!^,

After 1 June, 1743, the old Kates to be taken for letter*. See.



Googl

*37.

i7io-}	.	Anpo nono Ann-®- . c. 10.

knowingly, to open, detain, or delay, or caufe, procure, per-, mit, or fuffer to be opened, detained, or delayed, any letter or letters, packet or packets, after the fame is or {hall be delivered into the general or other poft office, or into the hands of any person or persons employed for the receiving or carrying poft letters, and before delivery to the persons to whom they are~dire<5ted, or for their ufe; except by an exprefs warrant in writing under the hand of one of the principal fecretaries of Exception, ftatc for every such opening, detaining, or delaying; or except ih such cafes where the party or parties, to whom such letter or letters, packet or packets, {hall be directed, or who is or a re hereby chargeable with the payment of the port or ports thereof, (nail renife or negle<ft to pay the fame; and except such letters or packets as lhall oe returned for want of true directions, and where the party, to whom the fame is or are directed, cannot be found; and that every person or persons offendihg in manner aforesaid, or who {hall imbezil any such letter or letters, packet or packets, {hall for every such offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; the said penalties for any such offence committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy to be recovered by action, bill, plaint, or information in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wcflminjler; and for any such offence committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be recovered in the court of feffions or Exchequer there ^ such penalties refpe&ively to be recovered by such person or persons as will inform or fue for the fame, together with full cofts of fuitj. and over and above such penalty, as aforesaid, every such person or persons fo offending, as aforesaid, {hall be for ever incapable of having, uling, exercifing, or enjoying any office, truft, or employment in or relating to the poft office, or any branch thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Poftmafter,! That no person or persons {hall, after the said firft day of June, &c. to be* one thousand feven hundred, and eleven, be capable of having, fwonu tifing, or exercifing the office or offices of poftmafter general, or any part thereof, or any other employment relating to the poft; office, or any branch thereof, or be any way concerned in receiving, forting, or delivering of letters or packets, unlcfs such person or persons {hall firft have taken the following oath before fome one justice of the peace for the county or place where such person refides, which said oath such justice of peace Is hereby authorised to adminifter in the following words :

I A. B. do Jmar, That I'will not wittingly, willingly, or knowingly	^

open, detain, or delay, or caufe, procure, permit, or fuffer to be1 t °a * opened, detainedor delayed any letter or letters, packet or packets, which Jhall come into my hands, power, or cujlody, by rcafon of my employment in or relating to the pojl office; except by the confcnt of the person or persons to whom the fame is or Jhall be directed, or by an exprefs warrant in writing under the hand of one of the principal fecretaries of fate for that purpofe 3 or except m such cafes, where the

party





13$	Anna nono Annm. c. xo.	[1710."

forty or parties tv whom fueh letter or litters, tacitt or packets JhaUK be directed, or who is or are hereby chargeable with the payment of the port or ports thereof \ JhaU refufe or neglect to pay the fame; and except Juch letters or packets as fiatl be returned far want of true directions, or when the party or parties to whom the fame is or Jhall be directed, cannot be found: and that I will not any way imbezil any fetch litter or letters, packet or packets, as afarefaiL

One third of the furplus, over and above

11,4.611. 17 s. 10 d. per ann, and 7001. per week, difpo-fable by parliament.

This revenue not alienable, &c.

No officer of the polt office to intermeddle in election*.

XLII. And it is further enaded and declared by the authority aforesaid, That from the fed firft day of June, in the yeat of our Lord One thousand feven hundred and eleven, one tnird part of the furplus of the yearly produce arifing by the said letter or poft office, or duties upon portage of letters and packets by this ad granted, over and above the fum of one hundred ana eleven thousand four hundred fixty one poonds, feventeen (hillings and terl pence, which was the amount of the grofs receipt of the duties arifing by virtue of the said former ads of parliament, (which are now repealed) for one year ended the nine and twentieth day of September, in the year of our Lord one' thousand feven hundred and ten, and over and above the faief futn of (even hundred pounds per week, shall be, and is by this ad referved to the difpofal of parliament for the ufe of the pub-lick, and shall riot be divertible or diverted to ahy other ufe, intent, or purpofe, other than according to such difpofal.

XLIIL And to the intent the inheritance of such part of the fetd duties and revenue arifing in and by the said general letter office or pod office, which is hereby veiled in her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, undeterminable, as aforesaid, may.be pre-: fehred in the crown, for the future benefit thereof j be it further enaded and declared by the authority aforesaid. That the fame, or any part thereof, shall not hereafter be alienable chargeable ot grantable by her Majefty, her heirs or fucCeflors, for any eftate, term, or time whattoever, to endure longer than the life of her Majefty, or of such King or Queen as shall make such alienation, charge, or grant refpedively; and that all gifts, grants, alienations, and aflurances whatsoever, to be had or made of, and charges upon the said duties or revenue, or any part thereof, contrary to the provifion of this ad, shall be null and void, without any mquifitroiT, Scire facias, or other proceeding to determine enr make void the fame.

XL1V; And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That no poftmafter or poftmafters general, or his or their deputy or deputies, or any person employed by or under him or them, m the receiving, colleding, or managing the revenue of the poft office, or any part thereof, (hall, by word, meflage, or writing, or in any other manner whatfoever, endeavour to per-fuade any eledor to give or diflwade any eledor from giving his vote for the choice of any person to be a knight of the (hire, -citizen, burgefs, or baron of any county, city, borough, or cinque port, to ferve m parliament; and every officer or other-person offending therein shall forfeit the fum of one hundred

pounds j





*39

1710.]	Anno	nono	AWtfJ®.	c.it.

pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety1 to the poor of the parifh. where fueh offence fhafl he committed, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of her Majesty's courts of record at Wejl-mtnfter,or in the-court of Exchequer in	for	the fat’d of-'

fences committed in England or Scotland refpedfiVely, wherein no-efloin, protection, or wager of law, or any more than one itnpar-tence (half be allowed; and every person convidt on any such fuitofthefaid offence,-ftall thereby become difabied and Incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or place of truft what-foever under her Majefty; her heirs or fucceffors.

CAP. XL

An aEl for laying certain duties upon bides and {kins,

tawed, or drifted, and upon vellum and parchment,fcr the, term of thirty two years, for prefecuting the war, and other her Majefty’e moft neeeftary occaftons.	...

MAY it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, we your Ma-' jelly’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeits the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, duly confidtering your Majefty’s great occafions for money to cany on the present war, m order to the eftablifhing a good and lafting peace, and to de-’ fray other neceflary expences, wherein the common good antf •welfare of. your fubjeds are concerned, have cheerfully and undnimoufly given and granted, and do by this ad give and* 'er the appro f ' grant to your Majefty the feveral and refpedive rates arid du	of	the

ties for and upon all ftjch fkins and hides, and pieces of slrins^*" and' hides whatfoever, and for and upon such made wares, an<f^ for and upon all such vellum and parchment, as are hefein after^ ^ rht>re particularly deferibed and mentioned, for and during fuch,	"	’

term of years, and in such manner and form, as ate herein after tjxpreffed; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enadted; ahd be it enadled by the Queen’s tnoft excel- Duty on hides lent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords and fkin», &c. spiritual and temporal, and Commons; m thisprefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there fhall be ^ june> ,7„. raifed, levied, collected and paid unto and for the ufe of her Ma- made perpetual jefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and upon such skins and.hides; b J <**•• *♦ and pieces of skins and hides, and for. and upon such made wares c‘ *v* *• herein after particularly deferibed and mentioned, as fhall at any time or times, within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the four and twentieth day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred and eleven, be imported of brought into the	”

kingdom of Gnat Britain, (over and above alt other euftpms, fubfidies, and duties impofed upon, or payable for the fame) the feveral and rcfpeCtive rates and duties herein after exprefTed; that is to fey,	*	_

For and upon all deer-fkins which fhall be imported or brought Deer-/kins in as aforesaid, being dreffed in oil or allom, or otherwise per- imported.

fcdtly.



*49

Lofhee, buffa lo, elke. &c.

RuJBa bides. Other hides.

Horfe hides.

Hides of fteers, &c.

Calffjdni. Rinks. ^

Pog-skins.

* Cordivants, Goat skint*

Kid-skins.

Anno nono Annje. c, i i. f 1710I

fedHy drefled, the fum of fix pence for every pound weight Aver-dupoh, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity.

For and upon all loftiee, buffalo, elke, or any other hides drefled in oil, which shall be imported or brought in, as afore-faid,: the fum of four pence for every such pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all Rujfta hides which mall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fum of two pence for every such pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity.

For and upon all other tanned hides and tanned calf-fkins, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, (not before efpecially charged) the fum of one penfiy half-penny for every such pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all hides of horfes, mares, and geldings, which fhali be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed, the fum of one (billing per hide, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity. -	-

For apd upon all hides of fleers, cows, or any other hides of what kind foever, (thofe of horfes, mares, and geldings excepted) which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed, the fum of two (hillings for every hide, and after that rate for a greater or lefler nupib^r or quantity.

For and upQn all calf-fkins and kipps which shall be imported pr brought in, as aforesaid, being drefled in allom ana fait, or meal, pr otherwise tawed, the fum of one penny half-penny tor every pound weight Averdapois, and after that rate for a greater or lpfler quantity.

x For and upon all (link calf-fkins which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, drefled in allom and fait, or otherwise with the hair on, the fum of one penny for every pound weight; Averdppois: and for all (link calf-fkins .which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, drefled in allom and fait, or other-wife without the hair; and for all dogs-fkins fo drefled, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fum of one half-penny for eyery such pound weight, and after thofe rates ' for any greater or lefler quantity.

For ah (kins commonly called cordivants, which fhali be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fum of four (hillings for every dozen, and after that rate for any greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and upon all other goat-fkins, (not ufually called cordivants) which {ball be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being drefled in oil, or with allom, fait, meal, or otherwise dreft, the fum of fix pence for every pound weight Averdupoi$> and after that rate for any greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all kid-fkins, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being dreft, or undreft, or not perfectly dreft, the fum of one (hilling for every dozen, and after

that



,

*♦*

*710.]	Anno nano Annm* c. 11.

that rate for any greater or lefler number or quantity : and if any of the said kid-lkins shall be dreffed after the importation thereof, it is hereby declared, That no further duties are to be paid for the fame by this aft, upon the drefiing, or perfeft drefling them, or any of them, in Great Britain.

For and upon all lheep-fkins and lamb-(kins, which shall be	.

imported of brought in, as aforesaid, the refpeftive rates fol- ja^Mkins. lowing, that is to fay, for alL imported (heep-fkins dreffed in oil, one (hilling and fix-pence per dozen; for all imported For drawback larab-fkins dreffed in oil, one (hilling per dozen; and for all o* exporta-imported Iheep-fkins and lamb-fkins tanned, nine pence per dozen; and for and upon all imported (heep-(kins and lamb- flat/*. J1"** (kins dreffed in allum and fait, 0$ meal, or otherwise tawed, fix f. 65, * pence per dozen ; and in proportion to thofe rates for greater or leffer numbers or quantities of fuch, (heep-fkins and lamb-fkins refpeftively.,	>

And for and upon all hides and (kins, and piece* of hides Hides, &c. and (kins, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, imported, not being, tanned, tawed, or dreffed, and not herein before par- betore charg-ticularly charged, and for and upon all wares made into manu-c<*' fafturcs of leather, or any manufafture, whereof the mod valuable part fhall be leather, a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and (kins, and of the manufaftures laft-mentioned, and fo proportionably for a greater or leffer quantity, to be affirmed upon the oath of the importer thereof; the said feveral and refpeftive rates and duties for and upon all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and made wares, to be imported or brought in, a& afore- j*0 ^	^

faid, within or during the term before-mentioned, to be paid the importer, by the importers thereof refpeftivdy.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Dutv on hides That there fhall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, untQor.s*t“ls t?Xkm and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for Great Britain and upon such skins apd hides, and pieces of skins and hides. See 5 Geo. herein after more particularly deferibed and mentioned, as fhall c.». C to. at any time or times, within or during the said term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from th'e said four and twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, be tanned, tawed, or dreffed within Great Britain, the feveral and refpec-	t

tive rates and duties herein after expreffed ; that is to fay,

For and upon all hides, of what kind foever, which shall be Tanned hides, fo tanned in Great Britain, the fum of one penny for every pound weight avtrdupoisy and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity.

For and upon all calf-skins, kips, hogs-skins, and dogs-Calf, kips, skins, whicji fhall be fo tanned in Great Britain, the like fum hogs, and of one penny for every such pound weight, and after that rate dogs-skins* for a greater or leffer quantity.	:

For and upon all goat-skins, which (hall, within or during Goat skins. * the fame term, be tanned with (homack, or otherwise, in Great

Britain^



Roans.

See 10 Anns, c. *6. f. %• and *3 Geo. x.

C.

Sheep and lamb-skint* See to Anns, c. »6. f. ». and ) Geo. x. c.4.r. ij.

Tanned skins not before charged.

Tawed horfe-hides.

Hides of fleers, cows, dec.

Calve-skins audkips.

Slinks with the hair on.

Slinks without hair, and dog-lkins.

Buck and doc (kins.

ArtncJ nono AttJMS. C.in	[lyioi

Britain, to referttble Spanish leather, the fum of two pence for every pound weight averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all (beep-skins which, withm or during the fame term, shall be tanned for roans (being after the nature of Spanifh leather) Within Great Britain, a duty after the rate of one penny for every pound weight averdapm.

And for and upon all (heep-skins and lamb-skins whiefc, within and during the feme term, shall be tanned for glovers, and bazils, within Great Britain, a duty after the rate of one halfpenny for every such pound weight, and proportionally for greater or lefler quantities of fheep-skins and lamb-skins to be lo tanned in Great Britain refpfe&ively.

And for and upon all cither skins, and pieces and parts of Skins; which, within or during the terra laft-mentioned, fhall be tanned in Great Britain (not before particularly charged) a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred poimas of the true and real value thereof, and proportionably for greater or lefler numbers or quantities; the said feveral rates and duties for and upon all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the tanners thereof refpe&rvely.

And for and upon all hides of horfes, mares, and geldings, which at any time or tinfes, during the said term of thirty two Jrears, shall be drefled in allom and felt, or meal, or other wife tawed in Gnat Britain, the funrof one (hilling for every hide, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity or number of such hides.

For and upon all hides of fleers, cows, or any other hides of what kind foever (thofe of horfes, mares, and geldings excepted) which shall be fo drefled in aliom and felt, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the film of two (hillings for every such hide, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity or number.

For and upon all calve-skins, and kips, which shall be (b drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the fum of one penny for every pound weight averdupoiiy and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all (link calve-skins which shall be fo drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, with the hair on, die fum of one (hilling and fix pence for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and upon all (link calve-skins which shall be fo drefled or tawed without hair and upon all dog-skins which (haH be tawed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, the fum of fix pence for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and upon all buck and doe-skms (except such as paid the full duty on the importation, as aforesaid) which shall be drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or be otherwise tawed, as aforesaid,

ia



*710.]	Anno nono An**#. c. u.	*43

in Gra/ Britain the fum of three pence for every pound weigh* averdupoii, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all kid skins which shall be fo drefled or tawed Kid skin** in Great Britain (except such as paid the full duty on the importation, as aforesaid) the fum of fix pence for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity.	/

For and upon all goat-skins which shall be fo drefled in Goat skin*, idiom and fait, or meal, or be otherwise tawed in Great Britainf Che fum of one (hilling and fix pence for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number of quantity.

For and upon all beaver-skins which shall be fo tawed in Great Beaver-skins. Britain, the fum of one (hilling for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and upon all (heep-skins and lamb-skins to, be drefled gheep and in allom and (alt, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, Jamb skins, the fum of one halfpenny for every pound weight averdupois, Se* 10 Ann** and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.	f

And for and upon all other skins, and parts and pieces of *”4.. \ ,3°*f* skins, to.be tawed in Great Britain (not before particularly Tawed skins charged) a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one not before hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, and pro- charged, portionably for greater or lefler numbers or quantities: which laid feveral rates and duties for and upon all hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, to be drefled in allom and (alt, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, shall be paid by such perform as shall be the tawers or makers thereof into leather refpeftively.

For and upon all hides and skins which, within or during Hide* and the term aforesaid, shall be drefled in oil within Great Britain, skins drefled the fum of four pence for every pound weight averdupais, and m oil* after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all deer-fldns, goat-flrins, and beaver-fldns. Deer, goat, which shall be fo drefled in oil within Great Britain, the like beaver-fum of four pence for every pound weight averdupeis, and aftertkins# that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all calve-lkins, which shall be fo drefled in oil Calve-skins. within Great Britain, the like fum of four pence for every pound weight averdupoh, and after that rate for a greater ordefler quantity.

For and upon all (heep-fldns, which shall be fo drefled in oil Sheep-skim in Great Britain, the rate of one penny for every such pound *arab' weight j and upon all lamb-(kins, that shall be fo drefled in s ** oil m Great Britain, the like rate of one penny for every such pound weight, and proportionally for greater or lefler quantities of such (heep-(kins or lamb-skins refpedttvely.

. And for and upon all other (kins, and parts or pieces of Skins drefled fkins, to be fo drefled in oil in Great Britain (not before parti- lfn ol1 not b<r cularly charged) a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for eve- tor* c iar5* * ry one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, and proportionally for greater or lefler numbers or quantities : the laid feycral duties for and upon all hides and (kins, and pieces

of



Definition of tanned leather. See 3 Geo. i. c. 4. f. 13.

Leather dref-fed in oil, 2md tawed leather.

Duty on vellum and parchment imported or made in# Great Britain. Made perpetual by 3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

i

Duty on skins, &c. imported, to be paid by the importer.

Anno nono Ann^s. c. i u	[1710b

of hides and fkins, to be drefTed in oil within Great Britain, to* be paid by the oil leather dreflers refpeftively.

III.	And for better avoiding all doubts ana controversies concerning the feveral kinds of hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and skins chargeable by this aft ; it is hereby declared and en-afted by the authority aforesaid, That by tanned hides or skins, or by tanned pieces of hides or skins, are meant only such as are tanned* in wooze made of the bark of trees or fhomack, or whereof the principal ingredients shall be fucli bark or ihomack ; and that by hides and skins drefTed in oil, or pieces of hides and skins drefTed in oil, are meant such as are made into leather in oil, or with any liquor or materials whereof the chiefeft ingredient shall be oil; and that by tawed hides or skins, or by tawed pieces of hides or skins, are meant such as are drefTed or made into leather in allom and fait, of meal, or other ingredients properly ufed by the tawers of white leather; and that when her Majefty’s full dpty by this aft fhall be paid for any hide or skin, or part of any hide or skin, under any one of the said denominations, to wit, as for tanned leather, tawed leather, or drefTed leather, the fame skin or hide, or piece of any skin or hide, is not to be further charged by this aft under any other of the said denominations; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That there fhall be raifed, levied, colloftcd, and paid unto and for the^ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all vellum and parchment which fhall, at any time or times, within or during the said term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the said four and twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, be made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, the feveral and refpeftive rates and du+ ties herein after exprefled ; that is to fay, for and upon all vellum fo imported a duty after the rate of one (hilling for every dozen 3 and for all parchment fo imported a duty after the rate of fix pence for every dozen, and proportionally for greater or leffer numbers or quantities, to be paid by the importers thereof refpeftively ; and for and upon all vellum which fhall be made ‘in Great Britain, as aforesaid, a duty after the rate of one /billing for every dozen; and for all parchment which fhall be made in Great Britain, as aforesaid, a duty after the rate of fix pence for every dozen, to be paid by the makers thereof refpeftively.

V.	And be it further enafted by the autl^rity aforesaid* That the feveral rates and duties by this aft fet or impofed upor^ all or any of the said hides or fkins, or pieces of hides or fkins* vellum and parchment, or made wares, by this aft chargeable, which fhall be imported or brought into Great Britain, as afore*-faid, fhall from time to time, be fatisfied and paid by. the im* porter or importers of the fame in ready money, upon his, her* or their entry or entries made, and before the landing there^ of; jind that in cafe any of the fame commodities or manufacture*



*7*0-3	Anno	nono	Ann.«.	c.	i rr	145

FaCtures fhall be landed or pat on (hoar out of any fhip or veflel, Good* landed before due entry be made thereof at the cuftom-houfe in the port or place where the fame shall be imported, and before the or°the ralu«, laid duties by this aCt charged or chaigeable thereupon fhall be	'

duly paid, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering the fame firft figned by the commilTioners, collectors, or other proper officer or Officers of the cuftoms refpeCtively, that all such Imported commodities and manufactures by this aCt chargeable, as aforesaid,' as shall be fo landed or put on (hoar, or taken out of iny fhip or veflel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the fame, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized or recovered of the importer or. proprietor thereof, to wit, one tnoiety of the fame to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of such person or persons as will feize, inform, or fue for such commodities or manufactures chaigeable by this aCt, as fhall be fo imported •nd forfeited, or the value thereof, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in her Majefty’s court of Exchequer in Scotland, by action, bill, fuit or information,

'wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be granted or allowed.

VI.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- After duty faid, That from and after the duties hereby granted upon such paid, ikins, imported hides or lkins fhall be paid and fatisfied, the officer &c-

or officers of the cuftoms of the port or place where the fame marite ’ fhall be imported, fhall caufe every such hide or fkin to be marked with such diftin’Ct mark as this aCt directs to be provided and ufed, to denote the payment of the duty of such imported hides or fkins, as aforesaid. .

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. How thefe That the said duties on all such commodities and manufactures Ml chaigeable by this aCt, as fhall be imported or brought into e *

•Great Britain, during the continuance thereof, fhall be afcer-tained, fecured, railed, uplifted, .levied, recovered and anfwer-

ed, for the ufes and purpofesin this aCt exprefled, by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as her Majefty’s duties, called the fubfidies upon poundage goods imported, or any of them, are by any law or statute now in force, to be afcertained, fecured, raifed, uplifted, levied, recovered or anfwered* during the continuance thereof refpeCtively.

VIII.	And it is hereby declared and enaCted, That the va- Imparted lues of such of the said imported commodities and manufactures that chargeable by this aCt, as are to pay duty ad , upon the bow importation thereof, fhall in all cafes be taken to be fo much to be afcer-as such imported kinds are really worth to lae fold at the port of t*ined. importation, without any abatement for the duties thereupon charged by this or any former aCt; and that the refoeCtive cu-

ftomer or collector, or other person or persons, officer or officers of the cuftoms, for the .time being, fhall receive and levy the laid duty, payable ad valorem, upon the oath of the Voi,. XII.	L	merchant





14/5	Anno nono Anna, c i i. £i7 io£

merchant or importer accordingly; and such oath lhall and may be adminiftred, and all other clatters done for afeertainina the said duties, fo payable ad valorem, in the fame manner and form as are lawfully ufed and pradtifcd, or ought to be prac-tifed, for afeertaining any other the duties payable ai valorem, upon the importation of leather,

Thefe duties IX. And be it enadted and declared by the authority afore-to be under faid, That such of the duties impofed by this pdt for or upoy thc g0^cru' the said commodities or manufadtures to be imported, as afore-wmmiffion- faid, as'(hall arife in England, Wales, and the town of BeryAek ers of the cu- upon Tweedy shall be under the management of the commifli-ftoras.	oners	and officers of the cuftoms in England for the time be-

ing ; and such of the duties impofed by this adt on the said commodities and manufadtures to be imported, as aforesaid, as shall arife in Scotland, shall be under the management of the comraif-(ioners and officers of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being *, and that the refpedtive receivers general of the cuftoms in England and Scotland for the time being (hall, from time to time, pay, or caufe to be paid, all the monies that they refpedtively shall receive of the said duties on the said commodities and manufadtures to be imported, as aforesaid (the neceflary charges of raifine and accounting for the fame excepted) into tne receipt of her Majpfty’s Exchequer in England, diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, ard under the like penalties, forfeitures and difabilities as are to be infiidted by this adt, for diverting or mifapplying any monies by this adfc required to be paid into the Exchequer.

1 Ja. i, c. *». X. And whereas, in the firjl year of the reign of King James the Fir ft) of happy memory, a good and wholfome Jiatute was made concerning tanners, Jboemakers, curriers, and other, artificers in leather, wherein ample provifion was made for the true and well tanning, currying, and working of leather, and for and concerning the buying and felling of leather red and umvrought, in open fairs and markets and for such other matters and things relating to leather, as in the said Jiatute are plainly and largely exprejfed, the due execution whereof bath been and is of great importance to the publick good, and fer-vice of this realm, and will very much contribute to the a/certaining and ‘collection of feveral of the duties by this aft intended to be granted: be Ma n bai- lt therefore ena&e<f by the authority aforesaid. That all mayors, litftf&c. and bailiffs, or other head officers for the time being, in the feveral all tanners, cities, boroughs and market towns of this realm ; and the refpeo-&c. are to ex- tive lords, of liberties, fairs and markets ; and the matters and co^ia with war^ens °f the feveral companies in the said adt exprefled ; and th<Tllat.W1	tanners, curriers, lhoemakers, and other artificers, and all

x Ja. 1. c.	and every other person and persons whatfoever, who are, or ought

to be concerned in the execution of the said ftatute, or to give ober dience thereunto, shall (under such pains, penalties and forfeitures as are therein feverally expreffed) duly execute, ohferve and comply with the fame ftatute, and all the claufes, matters and things therein contained, in relation to the tanning, dref-fing, making, buying, felling, trying, fealing, regiftring, or

other



1710.]	Annonono Ann^. c. it.	*47

other matters concerning leather, other than such as have been altered by any law or statute fince that time made, and now in force.

XI.	And for the better preventing the galhing and cutting Penalty on of any hides in flaying thereof, whereby the fame (Kail be im- galhing hide* paired or hurt; it is hereby enacted. That from and after theor

four and twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, if the raw hide of any ox, bull, fleer, or cow, or the 1km of any calf, shall wilfully or negligently be galhed, flaughtered, or cut in the flaying thereof, or being galhcd, flaughtered, or cut, as aforesaid, shall be offered to fale by any butcher, or any other person or persons whatfoever, then and in every such cafe the butcher or other perfon, who impaired or hurt the said hide, by gafliing, (laughtering, or cutting, as aforesaid, or the person offering the fame to faie, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the fum of two (hillings and fix pence for every such hide, ^nd one (hilling for every such calve-fkin, to wit, one moiety thereot to the poor of the pari(h where the fame shall be found or offered to fale, and the other moiety thereof to such persons as will feize, inform, or fue for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enabled. That if any tanner or other Penalty on

person or persons, from and after the said four and twentieth bides, day of Jun$y one thousand feven hundred and eleven, (hall	tho-

(have or caufe to be (haved any hide or calve-lkin, whatfoever, roughly tan.-before the fame be thoroughly tanned, whereby such hide or ned.

(kin shall be impaired, and her Majefty’s duty thereby dimini filed, every such hide or (kin, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited ; one moiety to the Queen, and the other moiety to hjm or them that will inform or fue for the fame.

XIII.	And for the better afcertaining, charging and fecuring Her Majefty the duties by this aft fet and impofed upon afl hides and (kins, or *hc con^ and pieces of hides and (kins, which, within and during the Jhetrwfilryv said term of thirty two years, shall be tanned, tawed, or drefled to appoint within Great Britain, according to the true meaning of this commiffipnera aft, and for preventing frauds concerning the fame ; be it f?r thcf* further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall andtlWi

may be lawful to and for her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, or to and for the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, on her Majefty's behalf, in writing to commiflionate and appoint such and fo many commiflioners or persons as they shall think fit, by one or more commiflion or commiflions, from time to time, to be her Majefty’s commiflioners for the receipt and management of the said duties by this aft fet or impofed upon all hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, tanned, tawed, or drefled, or to be tanned, tawed, or drefled in Great Britain; which laid Who may Tub* commiflioners, or the majof part of them refpeftively, shall and have hereby power, by commiflions under their refpec-tive hands and leafs, to fubftitute and appoint under them such receivers general, colleftors, comptrollers, furveyors, and other

L 2	officer's.

14*	Anno	nono	Anmjb. c. ii.	[171a.

officers, as ihall be requifite and neceflaty for the purpofes afore-faid; and that the said commiflioners fo to be appointed, and all the officers for the said duties, shall have out of the fame such falaries and rewards for their refpcdHve fervices in relation to the said duties, as the said commiflioners of the treafury* or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafuren, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the The money time being, shall think reafottaWe to eftabltfh or aUow irt thafc t0 *k	behalf;	and that the said commiflioners for the said dudes re*-

quer. Exche‘ (pe&ivdy, for the time being, shall from time to time caufe all the monies to arife by or for the said duties upon hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, to be tanned, tawed, or drefled in Great Britain, and for the said vellum and parchment to be made in Great Britain (thencceflary charges of managing, collecting, and railing the lame excepted) to be paid front time to time, as the feme shall arife, into the receipt of hqr Mfcjefty’s Exchequer in England, under the penalties, forfeitures, and difebilities herein after exprefled.

XIV,	And it is hereby enadled and declared. That the value of such hides and (kins, or pieces of hides and firing tanned.

The duty on hides, &c. drefled in

or drefled in Great Britain, as are to pay duty ai	,

that pay	ad' «*	aforefaid, shall in all cafes be taken to be fo much

f:W.

^valorem, how to be afeer-taiacd.

Tanners, &c. befbre aojuly 1711. to give notice to the

as thejr

refye&ively shall then be really and bona fide worth to bfe fold for* or will yield at the next market, without refpeef to the duty hereby granted \ and that the collector for the time being shall receive the said duties payable ad valorem accordingly, upon the oath of the tanner, tawer, drefler, or maker refpe&ive*-ly, to be adminiftred as is herein after directed.

XV.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-feid. That all and every tanner, bazil tanner, currier, tawer? Spanijb leather-drefler, arid all other dreflers of hides or (kins* proper officer P* pieces of hides or (kins, t6 be tanned, tawed, or drdfed iti of their names wooze, mill, allom, felt, oil, meal, or other materials whatfo* and places of ever, and all arid every maker of vellum and parchment in of*theintan-	Britain, shall before the twentieth day of July, one thou-

yards, and of f***d feven hundred and eleven, give notice in writing to feme their pits, &c. one or more of the proper officer or officers to be appointed for the next market to the place where any tan-houfe, tan-yard, workhoufe, mill, or other place, shall oe made ufe of for the tanning, tawing, or drefling any such hides or (kins* or pieces Of hides or (kins, or making any fijeh vellum or parchment, as aforesaid, of their refpe<ftive names and places of abode, and of every such tan-houfe, tan-yard, work-houfe, mill, or other

Slace, tor the tanning, tawing, or drefling any such hides or tins, cfr pieces of hides or (kins, vellum and parchment, as aforesaid, by them refpe&ively ufed, and of the number and fi* tuation of pits and fats in them or any of them, and of the numbers and kinds of the hides and (kins, or pieces of hides and (kins, then being in the said pits and fats refpe&ively; and that all and every such tanner, tawer, currier, drefler and maker, as aforefeid, as often as he, she, or they shall change their places of tanning, tawing, or drefling of such hides or (kins.



or

tyia]	Anno	nono	Ann<«.	g.	it.

*49

or pieces of hides and (kins, or making such vellum or parch-ment, and all and every perion and perfons, who shall at any time or times hereafter, during the continuance of this ad, be the tanner, tawer, currier, or drefler of any such hides or (kins, or pieces of hides or (kins, or be the maker of any such vellutsl or parchment, as aforesaid, shall give or leave the like notice of their refpedivc names and places of abode, and of their tan-houfes, yards, 'work-houfes, mills, or other places where they fhaH tan, taw, or drqfs, or intend to tan, taw, or drefs any fucrt hides or (kins, or pieces thereof, or make any such vellum or parchment, as aforesaid, before they or any of them do prefume to make ufe of such tan-houfe, yard, work-houfe, mill, or other place, or any pit9 or fats therein, to the end the said officers may, from time to time, have due knowledge of all fuch	r

tan-houfes, tan-yards, work-houfes, mills, or other places, with the number and fituation of fats and pits where such hides or fkins, or pieces thereof, shall be tanned, tawed, or drefled, and where the said vellum or parehment shall be made, and be the better enabled to take an account of all hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, vellum and parchment, chargeable by this ad, that fo her Majefty may be the better anfwered the duties for the fame 5 and if any luch tanner, tawer, currier, on forfeiture drefler, or maker, as aforesaid, lhall negled to give or leave °* *o1* such notice as is required by this ad, as aforesaid, he, she, or they (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of fiftypounds; one third part thereof to her Majefty, her heir* or fucceflors, and the other other two thirds to him or them that shall inform or fue for the fame.

XVI.	And the better to prevent any frauds or concealments, Tanner*, See. whereby her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, may be injured n®ticc or deprived of her or their dues ; be it further enaded, That ford^mg^r* the feveral tanners, tawers, dreflers, and makers aforesaid, keeping of during the continuance of this ad, shall not make ufe of any hides, &c. place or places for the drying or keeping the said hides or skins, or any pieces of hides or skin9, vellum, or parchment, chargeable by this ad, other than such place or places whereof he, she, or they shall firft have given notice to the proper officer of the said duties, to be the ufual place or places for his, her, or their drying and keeping the fame; and that the refoedive tanners, tawers, dreflers, and makers aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, give or fend notice in writing to the proper and when they officer for the said duties, of the time when such tanner, tawer, take their maker, or drefler shall take his, her or their hides or skins, or Jj”1** out pieces of hides or skins, or any of them, or any vellum or	9

parchment, out of the mill, wooze, liquor, oil or other materials, wherein the fame shall be tanned, tawed, fteeped, or drefled, in order to be dried 5 which notice shall from time to time, be given or fent two days at the leaft, before the taking such hides or skins, or pieces thereof, or the said vellum or parchment out of the said wooze, mill, liquor, oil, or other ancj to materials, or before the hanging up or difpofing the fame to be the eficm t*

L3

dried»

 C

I50

take an account of their hides, &c«

and within two days to make entry on oath*

Goods not to be removed before entred and marked.

Officers may enter tan-yard, & c.

tVner refilling cn-

'Anno nono Ann®. Cl ill	[1710b

dried; and that the refpeCtive tanners, tawers, dreflers, and makers aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, permit and fuffer the proper officers of the said duties, and they are hereby iai-powered, to take an account of the number and quality of all hides and skins, and pieces thereof, vellum and parchment^ which any such tanner, tawer, dreffet or maker, by or for him-felfor themfelves, or by or for any other person or persons, shall (at any time or times from and after the said four and twentieth day ot June.) one thousand feven hundred and eleven, during the feid term of thirty two years) take out of the wooze, mill, liquor, oil, or other materials, wherein the fame shall have been tanned, tawed,fteeped, dreffed,or made, in orderto be dried; and shall within two days after the taking; out of the said wooze, thill, liquor, or other materials aforesaid, and before the carrying away the fame from the ufual place or places, where such hides or skins, or pieces thereof, or such vellum, or parchment, are or shall be ufually dried, make true entry, with the proper officer or officers, of the number and quality of the hides, skins, and the pieces of hides and skins fo taken out to be dried, and shall verify such entry upon oath, which oath any justices of the peace, or the collectors or fupervifors, that shall be appointed for the said duty, in their refpeCtive diftriCts, are hereby impowered to adminifter, to the end the refpeCtive duties for the fame may be anfwered, as is herein after directed; and that no tanner, tawer, dreffer, or maker of such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or such vellum or parchment, fo taken out of the wooze, mill, liquor, or materials aforesaid, after the said four and twentieth day of June> at any time or times, during the term aforesaid, shall remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried, or fent away, the fame, or any part thereof, from their refpeCtive yards, work-houfes, or other places where they shall ufually dry such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or such vellum or parchment, unlefs the duty payable by this aCt for such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and for such vellum and parchment refpeCtively, fo to be removed, be firft charged and entred, and a mark be put thereupon to denote the charge and entry thereof, as this aCt •directs.

XVII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officer and officers fo to be appointed, at all feafonable times, in the daytime, to enter into any tan-yard, work-houfe, ware-houfe, mill, or other houfe or place ufed by any such tanner, tawer, currier, or dreffer of any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or by any maker of vellum or parchment, chargeable by this aCt, or where any such shall be lodged, to fearch and fee what quantities of such hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, vellum, and parchment, are taken out of the wooze, mill, liquors, or other materials as aforesaid, in order to be dried, or made fit for fale or ufe; and if any owner or occupier of any such tan-yard, work-houfe, or other place, as aforesaid*

(hall





i7io.]	Anno	nono Ann/e. c. ii.	151

(hall at any time or times, refufe entrance to the officer or officers, trance,fbrfeita as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall for every such refufal forfeit the fum of ten pounds ; one third part thereof to the ufc of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other two thirds to the Tanner, &c. ufe of him or them who will inform or fue for the fame 5 and if any ufmg private tanner, tawer, currier, or drefler of any hides or skins, or pieces taft-yard* of hides or skins, or any maker of vellum or parchment, chargeable by this a6t, shall endeavour to defraud her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, of any duty by this apayable, by using any private tan-yard, work-houfe, pit, fat, mill, or place, for the tanning, tawing, fteeping, drefllng, drying, or keeping the fame contrary to this a<ft; or by not giving or fending such timely notice of taking his, her, or their hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, out of the wooze, mill, liquor, oil, or not or other materials, as this adt requires; or by not making due timely notice, entries, and giving an account ot the said hides and skins, or pieces thereof^ as aforesaid ; or by removing, fending, or carrying away the fame, or any part thereof, contrary to this adl ; or not making or shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or caufe to be hid or con- due enrnf$» cealed, any of the said hides or skins, or pieces thereof, vellum or removing, or parchment chargeable by this adfc, to the intent to deceive ^nv •kina &c her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, of her or their juft dues y * for the fames that then, and in every such cafe, for every such offence, the party fo offending shall forfeit the fum °f twenty pounds; one moiety whereof to the Queen, and the concealed ° other moiety to him or them who will inform or fue for the fame ; and moreover, in all such cafes, all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, vellum and parchment, which lhall be found in any such private tan-yard, work-houfe, ware-houfe, houfe, mill, or place, or for which no such entry shall be made, or that shall be fo unlawfully removed, fent or carried away, contrary to this a<ft, or shall be fraudulently hid or concealed, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, to wit; one moiety thereof to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fuc-ceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who will feize, inform, or fue for the fame.

XVIII.	And for the better collection, receiving and levyingTa”ncr#»^c* of the said rates and duties upon the said feveral kinds of hides weight*!* and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and upon vellum and parchment, by this a<ft feverally charged, as aforesaid ; be it further enaCfced by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person and persons whatfoever, who at any time or times, within or during the said term of thirty two years, shall tan, taw, or drefs any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or (kins whatfoever, chargeableby this a<ft, (hall, at their feveral yardsor places by them refpeCtively ufed for drying the fame, provide and keep at their own cods and charges, fumcient and juft feales and weights for weighing of all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and akins, which they refpeCtively shall tan, taw, or drefs, and for Sworn officers which the said duties are to be paid by weight as aforesaid; to be appoint-and that such and fo many fworn officers for the said duties for we,£h*

7L4	asm*



I52

Anno nona Anna; c. i*.	[1710^

as shall be fufficient and neccflary for the weighing the faidr hides and skins, and pieces thereof, and performing such other matters and things as are to be performed by such officer or officers at every such yard or dreffing-place, shall be appointed* and give due attendance for that purpofe.

Tanner*, &c. XlX. And it is hereby further enaSed by the authority to give notice aforesaid. That every such tanner, tawer, or drelTer of any twod 0<Rr hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, and every fore removal ma^er of vellum or parchment, (hall, from time to time, of hides. See. fore any such hides or skins, pieces of hides or skins, or faefe vellum or parchment shall be removed from his, her, or their yards, work-houfes, places of dreffing, drying, or keeping the fame refpedtively, give notice in writing, by the (pace or twQ days, to the proper officer or officers for the said duties, of all hides and skins, pieces of hides and skins, and all such veiluar and parchment, as he, she, or they shall intend to remove, to. the intent that the officers for the laid duties may afeertain the duties payable for the fame, (for the giving of which notice, he, she, or they shall not be obliged to go further than the next and to permit market town) and every such tanner, or drefler (h^ll permit and aflift the all such hides or skins, for which the duties are to be charged wriehin* or anc* by weight, to be weighed by the proper officer or felling tfe officers at the yard or place where the feme shall be dried or fame, and to kept, before the fame shall be removed, as aforesaid, and shall afeertain the bring or caufe the feme to be brought to the fipales, and aflift value. jn wejghing thereof, and (hail also permit the officer for th$ said duties to take an account of the numbers and qualities of all such skins and hides, or pieces of skins and hides, vellum, and parchment, fo intended to be removed, whereof the duty is to be paid by tale, and shall likewise afeertain the value of all such skins and hides, or pieces of skins and hides, fo intended to be removed, whereof the duty is to be charged and paid ad valorem, by -ihe oath of the feid refpedtive tanners, tawers, dreflers, or makers thereof, as aforefeid : which oath any juftict of the peace, or the feid refpedtive officer or officers, are here-,	by impowered to adminifter, before any such skins or hides*

or pieces of skins or hides, be removed from the places of drying or keeping the feme refpedlively.

OfSccr to XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-^kCitinCtU/S	That fr°m anc^ a^ter the duties of the feid skins and hides,

i'gco?13!P*eces °f s^^ns and hides, vellum and parchment, fo intend-f. 10.	3	ed to be removed, shall be afeertained by weight, tale, or ad

valorem, as aforesaid, the proper officer or officers for the fei4 duties shall fairly enter in a book to be kept by him or them for that purpofe, the refpedliv$ weights, tales, and value of all such hides and skins, pieces of hides and skins, velluiq and parchment, whereof the duties shall have been fo afeertained, as aforesaid, and shall make thereof a return or report in writing to the refpedlive commiflioners, or the coUedtors, or other persons by them appointed to receive the feme, leaving a true copy therepf under Jiis hand with the refpedtive tanners,

tawers.



.

ifio.J	Anno-nono Ahum: c. ii.1	15j

tawers, drcfien, and makers of such hides and skins, piece? and leave * ■ of hides and skins, vellum and parchment: which return or C°P? thereof report of the laid officer or officers shall be a charge upon &<ftaa' the tanners, tawers, drefliers and makers of such hides and * skins, pieces of hides and skins, vellum and parchment re-fpedively.

XXI.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authorityofficer to aforesaid, That immediately from and after the duty of the mark each (aid bides and skins, pieces of hides and skins, vellum, and hide, &f. parchment, fo intended to be removed, shall be afeertained by weight, tale, or ad valortm, as aforefrid, and an entry made thereof in a book to be kept by the said officer or officers, as aforesaid, the said officer or officers, who shall fo have afeertained the fame, shall caufe every hide or skin, and every piece of a hide or skin, and all vellum and parchment, whereof the duty shall be fo afeertained, to be marked with such mark as ' this ad direds to be provided and ufed, to denote the charging of such duty, as aforesaid.

XXH. Provided always. That in cafe any such tanner, tawer, Officer to drefler, or maker of such hides or skins, pieces of hides and mark the hide, skins, vellum or parchment, shall defire the said mark to unner &c. be nude upon any particular part thereof, then the officer defires.’ or officers fo appointed to mark the fame, shall mark the fame accordingly.

XXUl. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority Pe^foni in aforesaid. That the refpedive tanners, tawers, dreflers, and J^ffcharee* makers of such hides and skins, pieces of hides and skins, duties m vellum add parchment, shall pay off and discharge all the 14. days, in duties of the said hides and skins, pieces of hides and skins,-a11 y other vellum and parchment, fo marked, as aforesaid, in manner Par^m herein after mentioned, (that is to fry) such of the said duties wee as shall arife within the cities of London and	,	and

thp limits of the weekly bills of mortality, to the receiver of the said duties at the head office of the said commiflioners, within fourteen days after the fame shall be marked as aforesaid ; and such of the fad duties as shall ariie and be payable in the other parts of Groat Britain,within fix weeks after the fame shall be fo marked and damped, as aforesaid, to the refpedive collectors that shall be appointed to receive the fame: and the officers to be appointed for collecting and receiving the duties hereby granted, (hall, and they are hereby required to give receipts under their hands, gratis, and without delay, for all the monies they (hall, from time to time, receive, by virtue of this ad, to or for the ufe of such person or persons as shall pay the fame.

XXIV.	Provided always. That no person or persons (hall

be obliged, for the payment of the frid duties, to go farther^tmarkat ' than the next market town to the refpedive places where the town, fame shall be fo marked as aforesaid.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, on That every such fanner., tawer, drefler, or maker of such non-pay-

hides



*54

ment double the rum. Sec.

Tanner not keeping juft females, See.

or removing

Anno nono Ann.®. c.ii*	fiyio;

hides and (kins, pieces of hides and (kins, vellum and parch* ment, chargeable with the said duties, who shall negledfcor refufe to make such payment, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe, • for every such offence, double the fum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be fo refufed or negledted: and that no Rich tanner, tawer, drefler, or maker, or other perfon, after such default made, shall fend, deliver, or carry out any hides or skins, pieces of hides or (kins, vellum or parchment, until he, she, or they have or hath paid and cleared off hi9, her, or their duty, as aforesaid; on pain to forfeit double the value of such hides or skins, pieces of hides or skins, vellum or parchment, fo delivered or carried out.

XXVI.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid. That if any tanner, tawer, drefler, or maker of any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, chargeable by this adl, shall not at their refpedtive yards, or other places for drying the fame, keep juft feales and weights, as this adt directs, or shall not permit his, her, or their hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, which are to be weighed at such yards or drying plaees, as a-forefaid, to be there weighed; or negledt or refufe to bring the fame to the feales, or affift at the weighing of the fame, as this adt requires; or if any tanner, t^wer, or drefler of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or any maker of vellum or

his hides, See. parchment chargeable by this adt, shall remove or convey, or before the du- Caufe or procure to be removed or conveyed from his, her, or ty is charged, thejr yarcj or jryjng place, any of the said hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, or any such vellum or parchment, before the said duties shall be fully charged by weight, or tale, or ad valorem, as this adt in the refpedtive cafes doth require, and before the fame hides or skins, or pieces of hides and skins, and such vellum and parchment refpedtively, shall be marked, to denote the charging of the duty as this adt directs; or if any buyer or contractor shall take or carry away, or caufe or pro-and the buyer cure to be carried away, from any such yard or drying place, or contradtor, any 0f the kinds of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, vellum or parchment, before the fame shall be marked, as this adt diredts ; that then and in every such cafe, all and every such tanners, tawers, dreflers, makers, buyers, contractors, or other persons refpedtively, shall for every such offence forfeit and lofe to forfeit 501. the fum of fifty pounds, to wit, one moiety thereof to the Queen, and the hides, an(j the other moiety to him or them that will inform or fue for c. o remov- ^ famc . an(j moreoverj that the hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, vellum and parchment, which shall be fold or removed, contrary to this adt, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feized by any of her Majefty’s officers, for her Majefty’s ufe.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That every tanner, tawer, and drefler of any hides or skins,

with the pro- or pieces of hides or skins, and every maker of vellum and per officer parchment in Great Britain shall once in every three months at once in ree ^ majte ^ account with the proper officer of every divi-

fion

or before marking.

ed.

Tanner, &c to account

months.





'I7I0.J Amttfnono Ann^. c.ii.’	155

fion or diftrift refpeCtively, of and for all the hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skms, which such tanner, tawer, drefler, or maker refpedtivcly, by himfelf, or any other, within the time bf every such account, mall have taken out of the wooze, milL liquor, or ingredients, ufed for tanning, tawing, fteeping, drefl-ing, or making the fame, and of his entries thereof with the officer, and shall at the fame time balance the said account, by hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, vellum or parchment, for which the duty fhall then have been charged, as a-forefaid, and by such hiaes and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, vellum and parchment, then remaining in his pofleflion unmarked, for which the duty shall not have been charged, as aforesaid $ which account (if demanded) every such tanner, tawer, drefler, or maker, shall truly and faithfully make, from time to time, under the penalty or fifty pounds, to wit, one moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other moiety to him or on penalty of them who will inform or fue for the fame; and that every such 50 ’ officer, upon the taking of every such account, shall inform himfelf concerning the truth or faKhood thereof, to the end and purpofe, that if such tanner, tawer, drefler, or maker, shall have unlawfully conveyed away any of the said hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, vellum or parchment, contrary to this adt, or shall have defrauded1 her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, of any part of the duties hereby payable for the fame, he may be proceeded against in such manner and form, and for such penalties or forfeitures, as are by this aCt prefcribed for such offence.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That all and every collar- mak- Collar makers, glovers, bridle-cutters, and others, who drefs any skins or ers, &c. who hicies, or pieces of skins or hides, in oil, allom, and fait, of drefs skins, to meal or with other ingredients, and who cut and make the fame

into wares, shall be accounted tawers or dreflers within this a6t, and shall be fubjeCt to such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures for fecuring the duties of the hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, which they shall fo drefs, as are by this a6t prefcribed in that behalf, and shall be charged with the duties for the fame, (by weight, tale, or ad valorem, as this aCl in the refpeCtive cafes doth direCt) before such hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, shall be refpeCtively cut Or converted into made wares.

XXIX. And whereas feveral tanners, tawers, dreffers, carriers, fellers of hides or Jkins, or pieces of hides or Jkins, tanned, tawed, or drejfed, Jhoemalers, coach-makers, collar-makers, bridle-cutters, fad-lers, trunk-makers, bottle-makers, merchants, and other dealers in hides or Jkins, tanned., tawed, or drejfed, and feveral makers of vellum and parchment, Jlationers, book-binders, the commiJJtoners and officers for the duties on fiampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and other traders or dealers in velhtm or parchment refpettively, have, or may have, on the four and twentieth day of June, one thoujand feven hundred and eleven, feviral flecks or quantities'offuch bides andJkins,

and



Stock in hand, on *4 June, 1711, to pay one half part of the duty.

Tanners, &c. by 10 Julv, 1711, to deliver to the officer a particular of their dock.

Officers may enter into (hops, Sec. to view flock.

Anno-nano Ann-». cii;

and pitcK of hides and Jtins* tanned, tawed* or dreffti* (not made inti wares) and feveralflocks and quantities of vellum and parchment, ahI which are refpetfwtfy if the produce if Great Britain, or imported into the Jdmo be it further enabled by tjie authority aforesaid* That all and every such tanner, rawer, <Jre(Ter, currier, feller* (hoe-maker, coach-maker, trunk-maker, bottle-maker, merchant, and other dealer in such hides or skins, and all and every such makers of vellum and parchment, cemmiffioners and officers of the damp duties, ftatbncrs, book-binders, and other traders and dealers in vellum and parchment, having, on the laid four and twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, or in the cuftody or pofleffion of any other person or persons, for his, her, or their ufe, benefit, or account, any dock or quan-r tity of such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, tanned, tawed, or dreffed, (not made into wares) or any dock or quan-tity of vellum or parchment, within the realm of Great Britain* being for fale, shall yield and pay to her Majefty for the fame* (b much money as one half part of the rates or duties by this a & impofed on the like refpellive commodities to be tanned, tawed, drefled or made in Great Britain, or to be imported into the fame after the commencement of this alt, shall amount unto ; the laid half part for the said flocks to be paid within three months after the said four and twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven.

XXX.	And to the end the said docks may be known and difeovered, and the said rates for the fame may be afeertained and anfwered; be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the said tanners, and others before-mention* ed, shall deliver or caufe to be delivered, on or before the twentieth day of July* one thousand feven hundred and eleven, to the proper officer to be appointed in this behalf, a particular in writing, figned by themfelves, or their appointments, of their feveral docks before-mentioned, deferibing the whole quantities of each kind, as follows; that is to fay, by the weight and tale of such of the said commodities as are to be charged with the said duty by weight, and by the tale of such of the (aid commodities as are to be charged with the ft id duties by tale only, and by the quantities and values of such of the said commodities in the said dock, as are by this all to pay duty ad valorem, and shall verify the said particular upon oath, to the bed of his knowledge and judgment 5 which oath shall and mfay be adminiftred by any justice of the peace, or,by the collellor or fupervifor for the faia duties: and the said officers to be appointed to this purpofe, are hereby authorized and impowered to enter into any (hops, ware-houfes, or other places whatfbever, where any fach dock (ball be or refrain, there to view the fame, and to take an account thereof: and all and every the said person or persons chargeable* as aforesaid* for their refpedive docks, shall be obliged, by force and virtue of this all, if thereunto required, to permit and fuf* fer the proper officer to make (uch entrance and view* as afore*

faid ;

 C.ooQle

1710.]	Anno non© Annjb. 0.11.	*§7

feidj and if any such person of persons shall refiftb to permit or Refufal to foffer such Officer to enter into their (hops, ware-houfes, or Pe™V£ them* other places, (if thereunto required) there to view the said dock,torte,u i° *• as aforrfaid, or any part thereof, then every such perfon, for such refufal, shall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; one moiety thereof to the Queeh, and the other moiety to him or them who Will inform or fue for the fame. :

XXXI.	And it is hereby enabled. That the collector, upon Colleftor to the receipt of any such duties for (lock, shall give a receipt for give a receipt the fame, gratis j and in cafe such duties for dock shall not be gratis, paid on or before the four and twentieth day of	one

thoufand feven hundred and eleven, or if before that time the stock not paid feme be not fecured to be paid on or before the four and tvren- for by 14 Sept* tieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, »7»»- or fe-(which fecurity the prbper officers are hereby impoweped jo furej’ take by bond in her Majefty’s name, and to her ufe) then ^ such officer or officers shall and may, by virtue of this a&, levy fitch' duties for the said dock that shall not be paid or fecurea, by diftrefs of the goods and chattels of the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, liable thereunto, and for nen-pay-thent may fell such diftrefs within ten days, rendring the overplus (if any be) to the owner, after fatisfa&ion of the duty and charges of the (aid diftrefs.

^XXXH. P^vMcdalways, That if any such pdbnor per- Difcountfor tons Chargeable for such dock, shall pay, or caufe to be paid, prompt pay. Ms or their duties for the fame, within the said (pace of three menu months, he, she, or they shall be allowed for such prompt payment, after the fate of ten pounds per return per armum for every fum fo advanced.

, XXXIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefeid, That persons not in cafe any of the said tanners, tawers, drafters, curriers, feh- giving a juft lers, (hoe-makers, coach-maker*, collar-makers, bridle-cutters, p^‘Cftlar°fM merchants, trunk-makers, bottle-makers, and other dealers in forfeit ^1- ™ hides or skins, tanned, tawed, or drafted, or any Of the said and their con-tnakers of vellum and parchment, Commiffioners, officers, ft»- cealed dock, tioners, book-binders, and other traders or dealers in vellum and parchment, having on the said four and twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleftion, or in the cuftody or pofteffion of any other person or persons for his, her, or their ufe, benefit, or account, any such ftock, as aforefeid, Audi negfaft to give (I particular of the fame in such manner and form, as aforefeid, bn or before the twentieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, or shall wittingly or wiHingly omit or leave out of the fame any part of his, her, or their (aid ftock, to the intent to defraud her Mpjefty, or shall fraudulently remove, carry away, or conceal his, her, or their fiud ftock, or any part thereof, before her Majefty’s duties thereupon shall be paid or fecured, as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe, he, she, or thly, fo offending, for every foch offqnce shall forfeit the fum Of fifty pounds, to wit, one moiety thereof to the Queen, and

the



After duty for flock'is paid, hide, &c. to he marked.

ijg	Anno'iionoAriNjg. c.n/	£1710.

thq other moiety to him or them who will inform or (he for the fame; and in all and every such cafe and cafes, the ftoclc or quantity of hides or skins, and pieces of hides and skins, vet-" lnm and parchment, for which no such particular shall have been given, or which shall be fraudulently omitted out of the fame, or which shall be fo concealed or carried away before her Majefty’s duties shall be paid or lectured, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feized by any of her Majefty’s officers, as a-forefaid, for her Majefty’s ufe.

XXXIV. ,And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefeid, That from and after the duties of the laid dock of any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, vellum and parchment, shall be paid or fccured, as aforesaid, the officer or officers for the (aid duties shall caufe every such bide or skin, and every piece of a hide or skin, and all vellum and parchment, whereof the duty shall be fo paid or fecured, as aforesaid, to be marked with such diftind mark as this ad direds to be provide ed and ufed to denote the paying or fecuring such duty, as a* forefaid.

No fee for XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the entries, &c. authority aforesaid. That no fee or reward shall be had or taken by any of the said officers, from any of the said tanners, tawers, curriers, dreflers, buyers, or fellers of hides or skins, or others, for any entries, accounts, permiffions, certificates, marks, or receipts, before in this ad mentioned, or any of them, under the penalty of five pounds to be forfeited to the party grieved, for every such offence.

XXXVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the justices of the peace, for the time being, redding near to the place where any forfeiture upon this ad fliall be incurred, or any offence againft.this ad shall be committed, in any wife relating to the said hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, vellum or parchment, chargeable by this ad, or any the duties thereupon, or the powers and authorities hereby granted, or where any offence shall be committed against the x Jac. i. c. *2. said recited ad of the firft year of the reign of King James the Firft, to hear and determine the fame: which said justices of the peace are hereby authorized and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, within three months after any feizure made, or such offence committed, to fummon the party accufed, and also the witnefles on either fide, and upon the appearance or contempt of the party accufed, in not appearing, (upon proof of notice given) to proceed to the. examination ox the witnefs or witnefles upon oath, (which oath they are hereby impowered to adminifter) and to give judgment or fentence accordingly; and where the party accufed shall be convided of the offence alledged against him, to award and iffue warrants under their hands for the levying any pecuniary penalty or penalties fo adjudged, on the goods of the offender, and to caufe. fale to be made thereof, in

cafe

Two justices may hear and determine.



1710.] Anno nono^ANN^. c. n.	155

cafe they shall .not be redeemed within fix days, rendring the

party the overplus; (if any): and if either party shall find him-

felf aggrieved, or remain unfetisfied in the judgment of the Appeal to

(aid ju&ces, then he or they shall or may, by virtue of this aCt, quarter fef-

complain or appeal to the judices of the peace at the next ge- “ons

nerai quarter-feffions for that county, riding, or place, who

are hereby impoweared to fummon and examine witneffes upon

oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, and, in cafe

of conviction, to iffue warrants for levying the penalties, as a*

fprefaid.

, XXXVII. Provided nevertheless. That it (ball and may be jufticet roajr lawful to and for the said re(pe&ive judices, where they shall fee mitigate pc-caufe, to mitigate or leffcn any such penalties, in such manner na,tics< as they in their difcretion shall think fit, the 'reafonable coil and charges in the ofiicers, as well in making the difcovery, as in the profecution of the fame, being always allowed over and a* bove such mitigation, and fo as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lef9 than one fourth part thereof, over and above the said coils and charges ; any thing contained in this aCt to the contrary notwithdanding.

. XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted, That Commiflioners such commiflioners or pprfons as shall be appointed in purfuancc to have the .qf this a&to be the commiflioners for the said duties upon fame power as hides and (kins, tanned, tawed, or drefled in Great Britain, shall comr?lf\ and may have and exercife the fame jurifdiCtion, powers and ofa*™ 0 cx" authority, and shall and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, and order in all cafes and matters relating to the said duties on hides and (kins, and pieces thereof, tanned, tawed, or drefled in Great Britain* and to the (aid duties on vellum and parchment, made in Great Britain, as the commiflioners of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors may, or lawfully can exercife, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order, jn the like cafes and mat-	.

ters relating to the said duties of excife, by any law or Aatute	4

now in force.

XXXIX. And to the end that all and every person and per- Matters in tbU fons, who shall export any hides, or qalve-(kins, tanned, tawed, fc&ion farther or drefled, which shall have been duly marked with such mark £!^Ann*, or (lamp* as aforesaid, denoting the charging of the duty pay- c. a6. f, $ able by this ad for the feme, as aforesaid, (any hides or calve*-flpns, oeing part of the said (lock in hand always excepted) and that all and every person and perfons, who lhall export any boots, (hoes, gloves, or other manufactures, made of any kind of leather chargeable by this aCt to pay a duty by weight, may refpeCUvely upon the exportation of such hides or calve-(kins, or any such made wares as are lad, mentioned, receive such re-fpeCtive allowances as are herein after exprefled; be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That upon the (hipping of On exporta-any such hides or calve-(kins, (except before excepted) or any fi°n ™ of the made wares lad mentioned, for exportation into foreign oHcathe^ma^ parts, and upon fufficient fecurity to be lird given to the nufaaurca, on cpdomer or oolleCtor qf the cudonus of the port from whence fecurity, &c.

fuch Cuftomer,

i6o	Anno nano Annas, c. i t:	£171^

to give the ex- such exportation dull be made, (which fecurity they have here-Sor“r % f*rtl* by power to take, in the name, and to the u4e of her Msuefty, kinds,°quan- her heirs and fucceffors) that foch hides, calve-flcins, and such titles/ and	made wares laft before mentioned, fo (hipped, or any part

weight.	thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on (here again, in any

ftr /A* draw- port or part of Great Britain, the said cuftomer or collector (haft ntd leathert0 the exporter thereof a certificate or debenture in writing exported. See of the kinds and quantities and weight of die hides, calve-lkins, is Anns, flat, and such made, wares fo exported, for which fecurity shall have a. c. 9. f. 6+. been given, as aforesaid.

On producing XL. And it is hereby enaCted, That upon producing such fuch. certifi- certificate or debenture for any quantity of such hides or calve-tate&C°t,eC*	*xPorte4*	t0	the collector of the said duties at the port

pay two thirds where the (aid hides or calve-(kins shall be exported, in every oftbe duties, such cafe the fame collector shall forthwith, out of the monies in his hands for her Majefty’s ufe of the fame duties, and in default thereof, then the commiffioners for the fame duties shall repay or caufe to be repaid to the per (bn or persons who shall produce foch certificate or debenture from the said cuftomer ot collector of the port aforesaid, two thirds of the duties which Were before charged for the said hides or calve-fkins fo exported, or (hipped to be exported, as aforesaid (foch hides and calve-fkins as shall have been charged as ftoek in hand, as a-forefaid, always excepted).

Such repay-	XL I. And-it is hereby further enaCted, That upon producing

mcnt to be	a certificate or debenture of the said cuftomer or collector of fuch

made, though port, as aforesaid, of any quantity of foch boots, (hoes, gloves, denotethe° or h>ch other manufactures as are before defcribed or mentioncharging of ed, which (haU be fo (hipped to be exported for foreign parts, to the duty, do the commiffioners who shall be appointed for the management on ®f the said duties upon leather, or to the collector of the fame duties at the (aid port of exportation, in every foch cafe the said commiffioners, or foch collector, shall out of the monies which shall be in his or their hands of the said duties by this aft granted, pay to the person or persons who (hail bring such certificate or debenture of the said cuftomer or collector of the port, in allowance after the rate of two thirds of the duty which by this aft was chargeable by weight upon the leather of which such boots, (hoes, gloves, or other manufactures shall have been made, although the mark or (tamp to denote the charging or payment of the duty cannot or do not appear upon such made wares refpeCtively; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Such good* XLII. And it is hereby further enafted. That if any hides, reUnded, for- oalve-skins, boots, (hoes, gloves, or other manufactures df trebf’th"*1 leather, (hipped to be exported, as aforesaid, shall be relanded value. * CT Put on	aga,n within ■Great Britain, the fame, and treble

the value thereof, shall be forfeited, to wit, one moiety thereof fo the Queen’s majesty, and the other moiety to such person ot persons who will feize, inform, or foe for the fame.

XLIII. Provided always. That no wares made of hides or

skins

fuch made wares,



17W.}	Anno	nono	Ann.®,	c.	iu

i6r

•kins shall be entitled, by this aft, to any drawback as made Goods curried wares, in refpeft only ot their being curried or drefled by the ^a*1* currier ; any thing in this or any former aft contained to the drawback, contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Commiflloner* That the refpeftive commiflioners of her Majefty’s cuftoms in of cuftoms to Great Britain, shall on or before the four and twentieth day of Provid®

June, one thousand feven “hundred and eleven, provide nich and fo many marks or ftamps of the fame kind, with which all imported.* the hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins imported, as aforesaid, during the continuance of this aft, shall be markt or ftampt, upon payment of the duties thereof, as aforesaid ; and Commiflion-(hfldi caufe the said marks or (lamps to be diftributed amongft ers of this the refpeftive officers of the cuftoms for that purpofe; and that dJJty t° pro-the refpeftive commiflioners to be appointed for managing the	&cps*°*

faid duties upon hides'and skins tanned, tawed, or drefled in tanned, &c. Great Britain, and the (aid duties upon vellum and parchment in Great Bri-made in Great Britain, (hall, on or before the said four and tain, twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, preside such and fo many marks or ftamps of one and the fame kind, (but differing from the marks or ftamps laft before man-timed) with which all the hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins tanned, tawed, or drefled in Great Britain, and all* the vellum and parchment made in Great Britain, during the continuance of this aft, upon the charging of the said refpeftive duties for the fame^ shall be damped and marked ; and also fo many ftamps and foarks of one other kind, with which all the and (tamp* to (lock- of hides and Skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and all jj1*1* (lock in vellum and parchment in Great Britain, on the said four and hand* twentieth day of June^ Upon payment or fecuring the said duties, as afore&id, shall be (lamped or marked; and shall caufe the said refpeftive marks or ftamps to be diftributed to the refpeftive officers for the feveral purpofes before mentioned 5 which officers are hereby enjoined and required irr using the fame, to do Officer! not to no hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the hide d?!ria^c tb5 or skin, or the piece of an hide or skin, or to the vellum or	**

parchment fo to be marked ; and thefaid refpeftive’ commit fioners, in providing the said refpeftive marks or damps, shall take care that they be fo contrived, that the imprefllon thereof stamp* to be may be durable, and fo as the fame may be lead liable to be durable, &g. forged or counterfeited r and that the'faid marks and ftatnps, or -any of them, shall or may be altered or renewed, from thne to time, as her Majefty, her heirs or fuccellbrs, shall think fit; andifany ptrfon or persons whatfbevet, shall at arty time or Forging times hereafter, counterfeit pr forge any (lamp or mark, to re- (lamps, femble any (lamp ot mark which fhall be provided or made in felony, purfuance of this aft, or shall counterfeit or refcmbfe the im-preflion of the^fame upon any hid^or skin, or piece of any hide or skin, or arty vetioto or parchment, thereby to defraud her Majefty, her lieirs or fucceflors, of any of the said duties here-H shall utter* vend, br feU any hide or skin, or

M

piece





Atmo nono Ann.®. c.nl	[1719-

piece of any hide or skin, vellum or parchment, with fucb counterfeit mark or impreffion thereupon, knowing such mark or impreffion to be counterfeited, then every such person fo offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall adjudged a felon, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy,

Commiflion- XLV. And it is hereby provided and enacted by authority ere and fubor- aforesaid. That every person who shall be appointed a commif-t^bc fwffiCCr* **oncr ^or duties laft mentioned, and every fubordinate oflHL-o worn. cer un<jer t^c commiffioners, who shall receive any (alary or allowance in refpe& of his office, (hall, before his adting in his refpedtive truft, take an oath for his due and faithful execution, of the fame, according to this adt; which oath shall and may be adminiftred to any such commiffioner by any other person who shall be appointed a commiffioner, as aforelaid, and to the said officers refpedtively by any one of the said commiffioners, or by one justice of the peace, who shall give to the officer a certificate thereof, gratis.

Pates and XLVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadted and declared tails to pay by authority aforesaid, That such fmall pieces as have been turn advato- commonly called pates and tails, and are tanned after they are rem, and not cut off from the hides, shall not be charged with the said duty to be marked, to be paid by weight, but lhall be chargeable with the said duty of fifteen pounds per centum ad valorem, to be paid before they be removed from the place of drying or keeping the fame; and that the colledtor, upon receiving the (aid duty ad valorem, for such pates and tails, shall give an acquittance expreffing tfrp number thereof, without marking them, or any of them j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No inform*- XLVII. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted by b0RSrtt	*uthority	af°refcid»	That	no	bill,	plaint, or information

WeftminfSr be brought or fued fqrth in any of her Msyefty’s courts of in cafes c6$- record at fVeJtminJlcr, for any offence agaiqft this ftatute, touch-nizablcbyju- ing or concerning the duties hereby granted, for or upon any fticcs, &c. bides or skins, or pieces of hides or skips, vellum, or parchment, tanned, tawed, drefied, or made in Great Britain, in cafes where such offences are by this adt cognizable by justices , of the peace \ nor shall any Certiorari be brought or allowed tp remove any the proceedings, of the juftfoes of the peace relating to the fame offences, or any forfeitures or penalties for the fame, but that the determination of the justices of the peace in the county where such offence or offeneps shall be committed* fhall, in manner and form aforesaid, be final, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; any thing herein* contained to the contra?-ry thereof notwithstanding*

Commiflion-	XLVIII. And to the end all the rates and duties by this a&

ers and oHi- granted for and upon such hides and skins, and pieces of hide$ Seift^W0 an<* s*^ns» ma^c warcs> vellum and parchment, as are above-^ 9	*	** mentioned, may be duly and certainly raifed, and the fame (ex-

cept the neceffary charges of raifing and managing the said duties, and otherwise in egeegtion Qt this a#) may be juflly and

duly



*710-]	Anno noao Annjb. c. is.	i63

duly brought into the said receipt of Exchequer, according to the true meaning hereofj it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That, from time to time, during the con- . tinuance of this adt, there fhall be appointed such and fo many commiflioners and officers, as fhall be proper and necefTary for managing, railing, collcdting, and paying the said rates ana duties upon hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, vellum and parchment, chargeable by this adt, and for keeping and rendring the accounts of the fame ; and that the refpedtive commiflioners and officers concerned therein, shall perform their feveral duties, in relation to the premifles, as to them re-fpedtively shall appertain, under such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, for any offence or negledt therein, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies anting by the said rates and duties, as are prefcribed, and to be infli&ed, by virtue of an adt of parliament made and pafled in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled. An act for raifing a fum not exceeding two 9 w. j. c. 44. mUliotyy upon a fund for payment of annuities^ after the fate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, for the like offence or negledt, relating to the duties thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies which were granted or appropriated by the adt laft-mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, Commlffion-That no commiflioner, officer, or other perfon, concerned or er«, officers, employed in the charging, colledting, receiving, or managing ?*• any of the duties granted by this adt, fhall, by word, meflage, {j^ScdticmSe or writing, or in any other manner, endeavour to perfwade any eledtor to give, or aiflwade any eledtor from giving his vote for his choice of any person to be a knight of the lhire, commiflioner, citizen, burgefs, or baron, for any county, city, borough, or cinque port; and every officer or other person offending therein, shall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety thereof to the u(e of the poor of the parifh or place where iuch offence shall be committed, to be recovered by any person that shall fue for the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in which no eflbin, protedkion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed ; and every person convidt Madeterpetu-on any such fuit shall thereby become difabled and incapable of^r 1 Geo. 1, everbearing or executing any office or place of truft whatfoeverc* under her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors.

CAP. XII.

An act for laying a duty upon bops.



164	Annonono	Ann.®,	c.12.	[1710.

fee 9 Ann®, to fupport the publick credit, and for other your Majefty’a mo^ neceffal7 occafions, have cheerfully and unanimoufly given 1 gST t. granted, and do by this aft give and grant to your Majefty, fiat. a. c. i*. such feveral and refpeftive duties, for and upon all hops to be imported into Great Britain, and for and upon all hops growing or to grow within the fame, as are herein after mentioned, for and during the term herein after exprefled; and do moil humbly befeech your Majefty, that if may be enafted; and be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent majesty, by and with . the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afTembled, and by autho-From 1 June, rity of the fame. That there shall be raifed, levied, collefted, and

1711.	for 4	paid, unto and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fuc-

ceffors, for and upon all hops which, at any time or times with-pay^d! per *n or during the term of four years,- to be reckoned from the pound weight, firft day of June* one tboufand feven hundred and eleven, shall be importer! or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain f over and above all other cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties impofed upon or payable for the fame) the fum of three pence for. every pound weight averdupoi$y and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity; the said duty for and upon all imported hops to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof before the landing of the fame refpeftively 5 and for and upon all hops Britiih hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which at any time or times i d . per pound within or during the said term of four years, shall be cured and weight. made fit for ufe, the fum of one penny for every pound weight averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity ; the said duty for and upon the said hops of the growth of Great Britain, to be paid by the refpeftive owners or pofleflors thereof, from time to time, within six months after such hops re-, fpeftively shall be cured, and shall or ought to be put into bags, . as is herein after mentioned and required.

Imported hops II. And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe landed before any of the said imported hops shall be landed or put on fhore f*rF9 out ***? flfip or veflel, before due entry be made thereof at the value.°r	cuftom-houfe, jn the port or place where the fame shall be

imported, and before the said duties by this aft charged or chargeable thereupon, shall be duly paid, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering the fame, firft figned'by the com-miflioners, colleftors, or other proper officer or officers of the cuftoms refpeftively, that all such imported hops, of what kind foever as shall be fo landed and put on fhore, or taken out of any (hip or veffel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feized or recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof, to wit; one moiety of the fame to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the ufe or such person or persons as will feize, inform, or fue for the hops fo imported and forfeited, or the value thereof, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at lVeJlmnJiert or in her Majefty’s court of Ex-

fbfjuer

 L^ooQLe

1710.]	Anno	nono Annje. c. 12.	265

chequer in Scotland, by aftion, bill, fuit, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed*

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, How thefedi*-That the said duties upon imported nops by this aft granted, ties shall be during the continuance thereof, shall be afcertained, fecured,lcvicd* raifed, uplifted, levied, recovered, and anfwered, for the ufes

and purpofes in this a St exprefled, by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as the present duties upon hops imported, or any of them, are by any law or statute now in force to be afcertained, fecured, raifed, uplifted, levied, recovered, or anfwered, during the continuance thereof refpeftively.

IV.	And be it enafted and declared by the authority aforesaid, Hops import-

That such of the duties impofed by this aft upon imported hops,	to be under

as shall arife in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon

Tweed, shall be under the management of the commiffioners rommiffioa-and officers of the cuftoms in England for the time being; and ers of cu-fuch of the duties impofed by this aft upon imported hops as ftoms i ihall arife in Scotland shall be under the management of the com-miffioners and officers of the cuftoms in Scotland, for the time being; and that the refpeftive receivers general of the cuftoms in England and Scotland for the time being, (hall, from time to time,, pay or caufe to be paid all the monies that they refpeftively shall receive of the said duties for imported hops (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer in England, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofes in this aft exprefled, and under the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as are to be inflifted by this aft, for divertingor mif- ' applying any monies by this aft appropriated or appointed for the purpofes herein after mentioned.

v. And for the better afeertaining, charging, collefting,Briti(hhopsto levying, raifing, uplifting, and fecuring the (cveral rates duties by this aft fet and impofed upon all forts of hops of the ^oTexafc. growth of Great Britain, which shall be cured, and which shall or ought to be bagged within or during the term aforesaid, according to the true meaning of this aft, and for preventing of frauds concerning the fame ; be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That such of the fame rates and duties by this aft granted, as are or shall be chargeable upon such hops of the growth of England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed,

(hall be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of excife in England for the time being ; and such of the duties as are impofed by this aft on hops of the growth of Scot-land, shall be under the management of the commiffioners and, officers of excife in Scotland for the time being; and that all the monies anting by the said duties on hops of the growth of Great Britain (the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall be paid into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer in England, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofes in this aft exprefled, and under the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabi-

M 3	lities

 CjOOQ 1C

Anno nono Ann.®, c.12.'

[1710.

Planters to' give notice to the proper of-ficerby 1 Aug. 1711. of their hop grounds, &c.

and afteryards yearly,

on forfeiture of 40 s. an acre.

Notice to be given at the next market town, and officer to en«. ter it in 5 days, on penalty of 40 s.

No ouft, ftore-houfe, Sec. to be ufed without notice, on penalty of 501.

lities 2$ are to be inflifted by this aft, for diverting or mifapply-ing any the monies by this aft appropriated or appointed, as is herein after mentioned.

VI.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons whatfoever, who, on or before the firft day of Auguft, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, shall have any hops planted or growing within or upon any ground whatfoever in Great Britatn, for fale or not for fale, (hall, on or before the fame firft day of Auguft y one thousand feven hundred and eleven, give or fend notice in writing under his, her, or their hands, at the office of ex-cife next to the place, or to the officer for the said duties of the diftrift, where such hops are ot shall be planted or growing, of all the hop grounds then in his, her or their pofleffion, and of the name or names of the parifh, townfhip, or place, parifhes, townfhips, or places, wherein the fame do lie, and the name or names of the owners, tenants, or occupiers thereof refpeftively; and that from and after the said firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, during the continuance of the said duties upon hops, all and every person and persons whatfoever, who shall plant or caufe to be planted, or shall have growing any hops upon any ground whatfoever in Great Britain, for fale or not for fale, shall yearly, on or before the firft day of Auguft in every year, give or fend like notice of all the hop grounds wherein any hops shall be growing in every such year; and if any person or persons, who shall plant, or caufe to be planted or grow, any hops within or upon any ground whatfoever in Great Britain, shall negleft to give or fend such notice in writing, of his, her, or their hop grounds, as aforesaid, within such time as is before-mentioned, contrary to the true meaning of this aft; then, and in every such cafe, the offender therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit and lofe the fum of forty (hillings, for every acre, by eftimation, of such ground, and after that rate for a greater or le(Ter quantity.

VII.	Provided always. That the person or persons, who are to give such notice, as aforesaid, shall not be obliged, for the doing thereof, to go or fend farther than the next market town to the place where the said hops shall be planted or growing; and the officer who shall receive the said notice (hall, within five days after such notice shall be given or fent to him, from time to time, enter the fame in a book to be kept at the said next office for that purpofe, upon pain of forfeiting, for every neg-left therein, the fum of forty (hillings to the party whofe notice shall not be fo entred.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatfoever, shall at any time or times, from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, during the continuance of the said duties upon hops, make ufe of any ouft, ftore-houfe, or other place, or of any kiln, for curing or keeping of hops, chargeable with any of the duties aforesaid, unlefs notice of such ouft, ftore-

houfe,

*7io.]	Aririoriono Anna. C.12.	167

houfe, place, or kiln, fhall have been before given, or fent in writing, as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds for every offence.

IX.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- Ho . , laid, That all such hops as in any year, during the continu- w°j£$,"fter ance of this a&, fhall grow in Great B, as aforesaid, shall gathering to

ww	.	j	per pound,

as aforesaid, and none other, upon pain of forfeiting the fum

of five (hillings for every pound weight of the said hops, which

fhall not be fo brought, cured, and bagged, as aforesaid.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Notice to be the refpedtive planters or owners of the said hops to grow in given of bag. Great Britain, or their agents, before the bagging of the fame, gng°f fhall give or fend notice in writing under his or their hands to

the next office of excife, or to the proper officer for the said J duty, of the precife day or time on which he, she, or they fhall bag his, her, or tneir hops: which notice, as to fuco hops as fhall be bagged within the firft week after the planter or owner firft begins to bag his hops, fhall be given or left at leaft four and twenty hours before every day's bagging of the fame ; and as to the remainder of his hops for that year fhall be given or left at leaft eight and forty hours before every day’s bagging of the said remainder, to tne end fome one or more of her Majefty’s fwom officers of excife may (without his or their own wilful negledt or default) be present at the bagging, weighing, and marking of the fame, as are herein after pre-fcribed, under pam of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds for every negledt or default of any such planter or owner, in not giving or fending such notice, as aforesaid.

XI.	And be it further enadbed by the authority aforesaid. Officer to at* That the proper officer of excife for the diftridt in which the tend tbebag-faid hops shall grow, or fome other fwom officer of excife, by g»«g and appointment of the commiflioners of that revenue, shall attend ^ark tlfe and be present at the bagging of every parcel of such hops, as weight on the aforesaid, and at the weighing of the fame, and shall caufe the bag, and make true weight of every bag or pocket of the (aid hops, great or cmry and r*m fmall (fuch tare of the bag as is allowable by this adt only ex- ^7yaccor • cepted) to be plainly and vifibly marked in one or more places g

upon every bag of the said hops; and shall then also caufe axl entry of the said weight (the tare being abated) to be made in his oook, and shall thereof make return or report in writing to the refpedtive commiflioners of excife, or such as they shall re- A coPy °f d* fptdtively appoint to receive the fame, leaving a true copy (^ [eft with°ths demanded) of such report in writing under his hand, with or planter, for such planter or owner refpedtively; and such return or report of the said officer or officers shall be a charge upon the said planters or owners refpedtively; and if the said officer or officers Officer not shall refufe or negledt to give or leave a true copy of such report leaving rein writing, with op for such planters or owners refpedtively, tl}rn* *orfciU

M*	at5	’

Anno nono Anna. c. ii.'

Officer to be fworn.

tol, per cent allowed tor tare of the tag.

Planters to clear off in 6 months.

tt the time of taking such account (upon demand, as aforesaid) * every such officer tor such offence shall forfeit and pay the Ann of five pounds to every such planter or owner refpec-tively.

XII.	Provided always. That every officer, who shall be im-powered to make such charge, as aforesaid, (hall, in the firfl: place, be fworn to the due and faithful execution of his office 5 and the oath in that behalf shall and may be adminiftred by all or any of the commifiioners of excife, or by any of her Maje-fty’s justices of the peace, who shall give to such officer a certificate thereof.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enadfc-ed, That an allowance after the rate of ten pounds per centum, shall be made upon the weight of every bag or pocket of the hops to be weighed, as aforesaid, great or fmall, for the tare of the fame bag; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person and persons whatfoever, who shall be the planters or owners of the said hops, (hall, within six months after the time in which every parcel of the said hops shall or ought to be cured, bagged, and weighed, as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the (aid duties of hops, of the growth of Great Britain, that shall be due from him, her, and them refpe&ively ; and that all and every juch planters and owners, who shall re-fufe or negleft to make such payment, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofc to her Majefty, for every such offence, double the (urn of the said duty, whereof the payment shall be fo refufed or negle&ed, that is to fay, two third parts of the said double duties to the ufe of the Queen, and the other third part to the iife of the informer or profecutor.

XV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, enter any ouft, That all and every the officers of the said duty, shall at all &c. to view, timcS) by day or by night, and (if in the night) then in the prefence of a conftaole, or other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon his or their requeft, to enter into the ouftf ftore-horfe, or other place, made ufe of by any person or persons, within or during the said term, for the growing, curing, or keeping of hops, whereof such notice shall or ought to have been given, as aforesaid, in order to his viewing the fame, and difeovering any frauds in relation to her Majefty’s duties thereupon ; and it any planter or owner of hops shall obftrudt or hinder any of the said officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given to him or them by this a<ft, for the afccr-taining and fecuring the said duties upon hops, the person or persons offending therein, shall for every such offence iforfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

Mopsnottobe XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, removed be. That no planter or owner of hops, after the said firft day of June, ♦ore the duty one thouland feven hundred and eleven, during the continuance oVprinof7odl' fcid duties upon hops, shall (under pain of forfeiting the p 5	fum

Officer may

&c. on pain tfooLj

1710.]	Anno nemo Anna; c.i 2.	1%

fum of fifty pounds for every offence) remove, carry, or fend' away, or luffer to be removed* carried, or fent away, from his, her, or their ouft, ftore-houfe, or other place (whereof notice shall or ought to be given, as aforesaid) any hops chargeable with the duty by this aft impofed, until the fame shall have been cured, bagged, and weighed, and the dutiea thereof shall be afcertained according to the true meaning of this aft, unlefs in such cafes where the officers of the (aid duties (having due notice firft given or left, as aforesaid) shall neverthelefe negleft to attend the bagging and weighing of the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That if any planters or Fraudulently owners of hops shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or caufe or concealing procure to be hid or concealed, any hops chaigeable by this adf, »!• to the intent to deceive her Majefty of the juft duties by this uc'

aft granted j that then, and in every such ca(e, the party fo offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and all the hops fo conceded and hid, to her Ma-jefty's ufe.

XVIII,	And whereas great numbirs ofpoor and indigent perfonsare Picker of hop*

commonly employed in the gathering and picking of bopsy who may (lan- carrying off dejlinely carry off\ and convey such hops from the places where they gather	hop*

and pick the fame, and thereby defraud her Majefty of the duties hereby ^rlt^o/fent granted, without the privity or confentofthe proprietor offuch bops: [ohaid labour for prevention whereof, be it further enafted by the authority for a month* aforesaid. That if any picker or gatherer of hops, or any other

person or persons, (Kail privately carry off, or convey any hops irom the place of growing, or the place where the lame shall be put in order to be cured, bagged, and weighed, with an intent to defraud her Majefty of her said duties, and the owner of the said hops; then, and in every such cafe, the person or persons offending therein, shall forfeit and lofe the fum of five (hillings for every pound of hops fo clandeftinely carried off and conveyed; and in every (uch cafe it shall and may be lawful for the officers of the said duties, not only to feize the hops fo clandeftinely carried off and conveyed, but also to apprehend the (aid offender or offenders, and carry him or them before one of her Majefty's justices of the peace of the county or place where such offence shall be committed; and in cafe the said offence shall be proved before the said justice of the peace, and the offender or offenders shall not forthwith pay down the penalties by this aft impofed on such offender or offenders, for the offences fo proved on him, her, or them refpeftively, as aforesaid, and no fufficient diftrefs can be found to levy the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the said justice of the peace to commit such offender or offenders to the houfe of correftion, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month ; and if any person or persons shall ob- Perfons ob-ftruft or hinder any officer or officers for the said duties, in the execution of his or their offices, or the powers given them by | 1oVfotto this aft, or shall beat or abufe the said officers, or any of them, in the execution of his or their offices, such person or persons for a month*

(hall,

Hops chargeable with au duties in ar-rear. See.

Stock in hand on i Jone,‘ 1711, to pay the like dories as the fame bops after 1 Joae.

tj&	Aflno^rKMuyANHA*	c.'n.	[1710.

Stall, for evtry such offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds; and in default of diftrefs, whereby to levy the fame, it fhall and maiy be lawful fbr any of her Majefty’s justices of the peace, upon due proof of such offence, to commit such offender or offenders td the houfe of correction, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour, fbr any time not exceeding one month.

XIX.	And it is hereby enaCted, That all the hops in the cuftody of any planter or owner of hop*, or any other person or persons, to the ufe of, or in truft for such planter or owner, fhall be liable and fubiect to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the debts and duties for hops in arrear and owing by such planter or owner refpeCtively, and to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by ftfch planter or owner, for any offence a-gainft this a&; ana that it shall and may be lawful in all such cafes to levy debts and penalties, and ufe such proceedings as may lawfully be done by this adt, in cafe the debtor, or offender were the true and lawful owner of the fame.

XX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That for all hops, whether foreign or of Britijb growth, which any hop merchant, or other fellers and dealers, tadtors in hops, or common brewers in Great Britain, or any person or persons in truft for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, fhall be pofleffed of, or interefted in, upon the laid firft day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, there fhall be yielded and paid to her Majefty the like refpedtive rates as are by this adt to be paid fbr the like forts of hops imported or grown in Great Britain, after the said firft day of June; and

Owners to en- t*iat an<* CVCI7 t^ie hop merchant*, fellers, and dealers, ter the fame at fadters in hops, common brewers, and all and every other per-the next of- fon or perfons, who in truft for them, or any of them, or fice on pain of for the ufe of them, or any of them, fhall be pofleffed of, or ^ture of the	^ave *n ^s* her, or thenr cuftody or pofleffion, or in his, her,

hops^&c.	Of their ouft, ftore-houfe, ware-houfc, or other place or places

'	9	Whatfoever,	upon	the said firft day of June, one thousand feven

hundred and eleven, any flock, parcel, or quantity of hops whatfoever, for fafe, fhaJl, on or before the said firft day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, make a true and particular entry thereof at the excife office within the limits of which they fhall refpedtively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the ftim of fifty pounds, and the said hops, for which no such entry shall have been made; and within fix days after he, she, or they fhall have made or ought to have made such entries, as aforesaid, fhall pay down the duties hereby payable for such hops, or within fix days fhall give fecuritv to the proper officers, for paying the fame duties to her Majefty’s ufe within three months then next enfuing; and in cafe the laid duties for such ftock of hops be paid down within the said fix days, then there fhall be allowed out of the fame duties for such prompt payment an allowance after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, for the laid time of three months $ and that all and

every

Difcount of 101, per cent for prompt payment.



1710.]	Anno	nono	Ann.®, c. 12.	171

every such hop merchant, fellers, and dealers in hops, fa&ors, and common brewers, who shall refufe or negleft to make such payment, or to give such fecurity for payment of the said duties for his, her, or their said (lock of hops, within the time by this p . f a<5t limited for that purpofe, shall forfeit double the fum of the nonpayment, said duty which (hould have been fo paid or fecured by him, &c.	*

her, or them, as aforesaid ; and that the proper officers of the said duties shall be permitted to take a true and particular ac- Not permit-count of all such (lock or quantity of hops, as any such hop- ting officer to merchant, or other fellers or dealers in hops, factors, common JJ »ock°^or^ brewers, or any in trull for them, (hall, on the said firft day fcits »ol. and of June9 one thousand feven hundred and eleven, have, or be the value, poitefled of, by weighing the fame on the said firft day of Juney one thousand feven hundred and eleven, or afterwards, at any time before the duty laft mentioned shall be paid or fecured, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds, and the value of the hops whereof the officers shall not be permitted to talte an account, as aforesaid; and if any person or persons, having on Clandeffindjr the said firft day of June> in his, her, or their cuftody and pof-feflion, any (lock or Quantity of hops, chargeable by this aft ^{?and hop* with the said duty for ftock, as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or caufe or fuffer to be removed or carried away, the fame, or any part thereof, before her Majefty’s duties thereupon shall be paid or fecured, as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide any part of his, her, or their said ftock of hops, that then, and in every such cafe, he, she, or they fo offending, for every such offence, shall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; and in all and every such cafe and cafes, the ftock or quantity of hops, which shall be fo clandeftinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hia,

(hall be forfeited, and shall and may be feized by any of the

officers for the said duties ; and the person or persons in whofe Concealer for-

cuftody such ftock of hops shall be found, who shall not, be- fcits 10 s. per

fore the difeovery thereof, give notice at the next office of ex- lbf

cife, of the (lock or quantity of heps fo in his, her, or their

cuftody, shall also forfeit and lofe the fum of ten (hillings for

every pound weight.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafled by the au- Britiffi hops, thority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for haTc any person or persons, who shall have actually paid her Ma- Paid jefty’s duties, by this a6l payable for any quantity of hops what- ported forL*-foever of Britijb growth, and to and for any other person or per- land, &c. fons who shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such quantity of hops of Britijb growth, from tne said person or persons who a&ually paid her Majefty’s duties for the fame, to export such hops, being of Britijb growth, for Irela?idy by way of merchandize, giving fufficient fecurity before the (nipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantity of hops, which shall be intended to be exported, as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be (hipped and exported, and that the fame or any part thereof, shall not be relanded oV brought again into any

part



17%

Anno nono Annje. c. i 2.	[1710:

part or parts of Grept Britain; which fecurity the ouftomer or Collector of the refpeClive ports for such exportation is hereby directed and authorized to take in her Majefty’s name, and to her ufe: provided always. That if after the (hipping of any such hops to be exported, as aforesaid, and the giving or ten-dring such fecurity in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein after mentioned, the hops fo (hipped to be exported, or any of them, shall be relanded in any part of Great Bri-tain, then, and in every such cafe, over and above the penalty of the bond, which (nail be levied and recovered to her Majefty’s ufe, all the hops which shall be fo landed, or the value thereof, (hail be forfeited.

XXII.	And it is also hereby cnaCted, That any person or persons who shall export any hops of Britijb growth to or for Ireland, shall or may make oath, that he believes the fame hops are all of Britijb growth, without any mixture of foreign hops, that the duty of such hops hath been paid or fecured, according to this ad, (which oath the collector, who received the said duty, is hereby required and impowered to adminifter) and thereupon the said collector for the feme duties upon hops shall give to such person or persons, gratis, a certificate or certificates, expremng the kinds and quantities of such hops, and ami cuftomer, the duties paid, or fecured to be paid for the feme, purfuant

Exporter to make oath.

See.

*Tbe drawback on bets exported for Ireland taken if by 6 Geo. 1. c. 11. f. 40. Collector to give a certificate thereof.

Sec. to repay i the duties.

Rebagging foreign hops InBntifhbags, forfeits 10I. pci C. See.

to this ad; which certificate being produced to the cuftomer or collector of the port where the laid hops shall be exported, and oath being also made by the exporter before the said cuftomer or collector of the port, (who is hereby also authorized and required to adminifter the feme without fee or charge) that the hops fo exported are the feme mentioned in the laid certificate, then the laid cuftomer or collector shall give to the exporter a debenture, exprefling the true quantity of the Britijb hops fo exported; which debenture being produced to the collector appointed to 'receive the feid duty upon hops in such county or place where the feid hops did pay duty, he shall forthwith repay the feid duty which he fhall have received upon this aCt to the perfons, or tneir agents, fo exporting the feme ; and if such collector shall not have money in his hands to pay the fame, then the feid refpedive commiflioners of excife are Hereby required to pay the said debenture otit of the duties upon hops, arifing by this aCt; or if the duty on such hops fo exported were only fecured, and fhall remain unpaid, then the feid duties shall be discharged upon the fecurities for the feme; any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

aXIII. And it is hereby enaded, That no person whatfo-Cver fhall, during the continuance of this ad, take any hops of foreign growth out of the bags in which they are imported, and rebag the feme in Britijb bagging, in order to fell, difpofe, or export the feme as Britijb hops, under the penalty or ten pounds for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quanity j and if any person or persons fhall endeavour

.

*73

*7io«]	Anno	nono	Ann,«. c. 12.

deavour to defraud her Majefty of her duties hereby granted, by uling twice, or oftner, the fame bag, with the officer’s mark thereupon, such person or persons, for every such offence, shall forfeit the fum of forty pounds.

XXIV.	And in regard it is found by experience, That bops ufed Brewer, &c. in the making of malt-drinks are more wkolfome for tbofe that drink not to ufe or amfume the fame, and of greater advantage to the drink itfetf broom, kc. than any other bitter ingredient that can be ufed inflead thereof it is on pam “• hereby further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That during

the continuance of this aft, no common brewer, inn-keeper, or victualler, shall ufe any broom, wormwood, or any other bitter ingfedient (to ferve inftead of hops) in brewing or making any beer or ale to be brewed or made by him, her, or them, for fale in any part of Great Britain, under the penalty of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds for every such offence; the infufing of broom or wormwood into beer or ale, by the retail- Exception, er, after 'the fame is brewed and tunned, to make the fame broom or wormwood ale, or broom or wormwood beer, always excepted.

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Powen, kc.

That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, in i» Car. methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things,c*	-

which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of	Jo

King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for taking away the \a force. court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights

fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law in force relating to her Ma-jerty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled or eftablimed, for managing, railing, levying, collefting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeertain-ing the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and preferibed by this aft) shall be exercifed, praftifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties upon hops hereby granted, during the continuance of this aft, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things were particularly repeated and again enafted in the body of this present aft.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, pinet, kc. That alt fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the how recorer^ said duties by this aft impofed on hops, except in such cafes

where other provifions are made by this aft, mail and may be fued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, and forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any laws of excife now in force, and not by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfer, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotiendi and that one moiety of every





Anno none Ann.®, c. ‘	[ryioi

ry such fine, penalty, and forfeiture ^unless in cafes otherwise

!>refcribed by tliis act) shall be to her Majefty, her heirs and iicceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall dif-cover, inform, or lue for the fame.

No drawback	XX VII. And in regard the growth of bops,	feverqI	parts of

on foreign Great Britain, is very much	of late , it is hereby

hop* for Ire- further provided and enacted by the authority aforefeid, That ‘	pone of the duties by this or any former ad granted upon any

hops whatfoever, (except hops of Britijb growth) shall be re-Hope import- or drawn back upon the exportation thereof for	;

ed from Flan- and that no person or persons whatfoevec shall import or caufe dert, &c. to to be imported into the said kingdom of	from Flanders

Ireland, for- or any other parts whatfoever, (other than from Great	)

{hip ic ***' any h°Ps whatfoever, upon pain of forfeiting all the hops whioh mat i* to be fowl be fo imported into I,contrary to the true meaning don* before of this ad, or the value of the feme, and also of the (hip or hop* are land- veflel in which they shall be fo imported* .with her tackle, ap-*Geo i fta/tT Pare*» and furniture, that is to fey, two third parts thereof to di. f. 6. **the ufe of the poor of the pari(h in Ireland, where such hops shall be fcized or di (covered, and the other third part thereof to the ufe of such person or persons as will feize, inform, o fue for the feme, or for the value thereof, in any her Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin in the said kingdom of Ireland. And it is hereby declared. That the importation of any foreign hops into Ireland, (other than from Great	contrary	to	the te-

nor and true meaning of this ad, is and shall be adjudged a common nufence.

On contra&s XXVIII.	And whereas centralis may have been made

before 9 May,	the ninth day of May, one feven hundred and eleven,

may’acid*the*^ b planters,	hop-merchants,dry falters, and other dealers in bops,

duty to the for ferving of bops to certain persons or focieties in Great Britain, price.	to be delivered in point of time after the	day	of June, one

thmfand feven hundred and eleven ; it is hereby enaded. That the person ferving such hops, after the feid firft day of June, pne thousand (even hundred and eleven, in purfuance or such former contrads, shall be allowed to add the duties hereby .charged upon such hops to the price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this ad, to be paid for the feme accordingly.

Commiflion- XXIX. And to the end all the monies arifing by the duties *”» r<bjer*’ on b°Ps hereby granted, (the necefiarv charges of railing, pay-the a&oW?}. *nE» and accounting for the feme, only excepted) may be duly c.44, 9 ' 3‘ ana certainly raifed and brought into the feid receipt of Exchequer ; it is hereby further enaded hy the authority aforefeid. That, from time to time, during the continuance of this ad, there shall be appointed such and fo many commiffioners and officers as foall be proper and neceflary for the raifing, paying, and accounting for the said duties; and that the feme officers refpedively shall perform their feveral duties therein, as to them shall refpedively appertain, under such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and difebilityts, for any offence or negled therein,

or





)7io.]	.	Aono nono A*ui.a, c. 12.	J75

or for detaining, diverting, or miffpplying any part of the fait) monies, as are prefcribed and to be inflicted, by virtue of an aft of parliament made and pafied in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King William the Thin}, intituled, aft for	raifing a fm net exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment

af annuities, after the rate of eight pouttds per centum per annum, qndfor fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, for the like offence or negleft relating to the duties upon fait, and upon ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or mi (applying any part of the monies which were granted or appropriated by the aft laft mentioned.

XXX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by 1 to,0001. may the authority aforelaid. That it shall and may be lawful to ana be

for any person and perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies poli- 5“™*^** tick or corporate, to advance and lend to her Majefty, at the tax-free. * receipt of her M^efty’s Exchequer, upon the credit of the said feveral rates, duties, and Aims of money, by this aft granted, and to be railed in the feveral parts of Great Britain, ns afore-faid, any fums which shall not exceed in the whole the fum of one hundred and eighty thousand pounds, and to have and receive, for the forbearance thereof, .intereft after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum; and moreover, that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this aft, shall be rated or afiefied, by virtue of this aft, pr any other oft of parliament whatfo* pver.

XXXI.	And it is hereby further enafted, That all and eve-

Sfperson or persons, who fhall lend any money upon the ere- Lenders to it of this aft, and pay die fame into the receipt of die Exche-quer, shall immediately have a talley of loan ftruck for the ““ order*’ fame, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tallies; in or upon which order fhall be also contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof, at the rate aforesaid, to be paid every three months until repayment of the principal; and that all such orders for repayment of money to be lent, shall be re-giftredm courfe, according to the dates refpeftively, without other preference of one before another; and that all and every an(} pajj ^ person and persons shall be paid in. courfe, according as their courfe. orders shall (land regiftred in the said regilter books, fo as the .faid perfon, native.or foreigner, his executors, adminiftrator;, or afligns, who shall have his order or orders firft entred in the said refpedtivc books of regifter, shall be taken and accounted the-firft person to be paid out of the monies to come in by virtue-of this aft; and he or they who shall have his or their ■order or orders next entred, shall be taken and accounted to be the fecoad person to be paid, and fo fucceffively and in -courfe; and that the monies to come in by this aft, of or for the (aid feveral-rates, duties, and fums of money to be raifed in Great Britain, as aforesaid, (ha)l be in the feme order, liable to ,thc fetisfaftion of the monies to be lent, as aforesaid, to the re-

fpedivo





176	Anno nono Ann^e. c. 12[1710'.

fpe&ive parties, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns refpeCtively, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or di-vertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredtly or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any her Majefty’s iubjeCts, for providing or making of any such books or regifters, or any entrjes, views, or fearch, in or for payment of money lent, or the in-tereft thereof, as aforcfaid, by any of her Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party aggrieved, by the party offending, with treble cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand Ko undoe	any such fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and if any

preference.	undue preference of one before another shall be made, either

in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, by any such officer or officers,, then the party offending shall be liable by aCtion of debt, or on the ca(e, to pay the value of the debt, with damages and cofts, to the party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his office or place ; and if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without directions or privity or his matter, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such adion, debt, damages and cofts, and (nail for ever be incapable of his place or office; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the order, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment, according to each peifon’s due place or order, as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpeCtive deputies and clerks herein offending, to be liable to such a<5tion, debt, damages, and cofts, in such manner, as aforesaid ; all which said penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any of the officers of the Exchequer, or any other deputies or clerks, (hall, and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at fVeJlminJler, wherein no effoin, protection, privi-Jege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, shall be in any wife granted or allowed.

Tallies dated XXXII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That th* fame day, if it happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for repay-n<$ undue pre- merit, as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to fcrencC * the alKjitor 0f the receipt to be regiftred, then it shall be interpreted no undue preference which of thole be entred firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

Nor if fufefe-	XXXIII, Provided alfo, That it shall not be interpreted any

quent orders undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if be paid before the auditor direCl, and the clerk of the pells record, and the such as were tellers do pay fubfequent orders of persons that come and de-man<* t*ie^r mon*es> and bring their orders, before other persons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their Qrders in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved will fatisfy precedent orders; which shall not be otherwise *	difpofed.

i7xo.}	Anno nono Anna c. 13,14.	177

difpofed, but kept for them ; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

XXXIV. And be it further enaded, That all and every per- Order* affign*. fon and perfons, to whom any money shall be due for loans, able, to be regiftred by virtue of this adt, after order entred in the book of regifter, as aforesaid, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by proper words of affignment, .to be endorfed and written upon his order, may aflign or transfer his right, title, intereft, and benefit of fpeh order, or any part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of regiftry aforesaid, for orders, which the officers (hall, upon requeft, without fee or charge accordingly make,

(hall entitle such affignee, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such affignee may, in like manner, aflign again, and fo Mies quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made any such affignments, to make void, releafe, and discharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

Continued by 1 Geo. i.Jlat. 2. cap. 2. till the firjl of A uguft,

1715, and made perpetual by 1 Geo. 1 /flat. 2. cap. 12* fet1. 5.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the takings examining, and fating the publick aci counts of the kingdom.

Continued by 10 An. c. 8 .for one year longer. jEXP.

CAP. XIV.

An act for the letter preventing exceffive and deceitfulgaming%

WHEREAS the laws now in force for preventing the mifehiefs iSGeo.i.c.j^ which may happen by gamings bath not been found fufficient for that purpofe-, therefore for the further preventing of all ex- After 1 May ceffive and deceitful gaming, be it enadted by the Queen's rooft 1711. all excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the n°tes> lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-liament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of Mayy one thousand (even hundred and eleven, all notes, bills, bonds, judgments, mortgages, or other fecurities or conveyances whatfoever, given, granted, drawn, or entred into, or executed by any person or persons whatfoever, where the whole or any part of the confideration of such con- whcl*the veyances or fecurities, mall be for any money or other valuable confideration thing whatfoever, won by gaming or playing at cards, dice, tables, i*tor money tennis, bowls, or other game or games whatfoever, or by bet- by ting on tlie fides or hands of such as do game at any of the games aforesaid, or ibr the reimburfiog or repaying any money Vol. XII.	N	knowingly





178	Anno	nono	Ann.*.	C.	14.'	(<710;

or for repay- knowingly lent, or advanced for such gamirtg of betting, a* ment of mo- aforefoid, or lent or advanced at the time and placfc of fuel*1 &tyh gandne Pty* t0 any P^00 or perfon* fo gaming or betting, as afofe-$k. 6	6‘	(aid, or that (hall, during such play, (o play or belt, shall be

(hall be void, utterly void, fruftrate, and of none efiedt, to all indents and' And where purpofes whatfoever; any ftatute, law, or ufege to the con-fiich raort- trary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; and that where such £2r’&C ber mort8*8c*» fecurities, or other conveyances, shall be of lands, any hadt?*** tenements, or hereditaments, or shall be such as incumber or &c. they ball affedt the fame, such mortgages, fecurities, or other convey-devolve to ances, shall enure and be to and for the foie ufe and bene-fbef- at £t of, and shall devolve upon such person or persons as (hould entitled or tnight have, or be entitled to such lands, tenements, or he-to them, in	reditaments, in cafe the said grantor or grantors thereof, or the

cafe fuch	person or persons fo incumbring the fame, had been naturally

gant°r had dead, and as if such mortgages, fecurities, or other convey-And aU con-C* anccs» had been made to such person or persons fo to be entitled veyances to * after the deceafe of the person or persons fo incumbring the fame ; hinder such and that all grants or conveyances to be made for the prevent-lands front jng cf such lands, tenements, oi hereditaments, from coming ftsdlbe^vo’itL t0 or devolving upon such person or persons hereby intended to enjoy the feme, as aforefeid, shall be deemed fraudulent and void, and of none effiedt, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

The	YoSerof	II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid. That

sol. at cards from and after the said firft day of one thousand feven ?C*th*,y fuC hundred and eleven, any person or persons whatfoever, who srithinthtea^ ^hah at	any time	or fitting, by playing at	cards, dice, tables,

mnnth,.	or other	game or	games whatfoever, or'by	betting on the fidea

or hands of such as do play at any of the games aforefeid, lefe to any one or more person or persons fo playing or betting, in the whole, the fum or value of ten pounds, and shall pay or deliver the fame, or any part thereof, the person or persons fo lofing, and paying or delivering the feme, (hail be at liberty, within three months then next, to fue for and recover the money or goods fo loft, and paid or delivered, or any part thereof, from the refpedive winner and winners thereof, with cofts of	fuit, by	adtion of debt founded	on this adt, to be

profecuted in any	of her Majefty’s courts	of record, in which

adtions or fuits, no effoin, protection, wager of law, privilege of parliament, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; in which adtions it shall be fufficient for the plaintiff to alledge, that the defendant or defendants are indebted to the plaintiffs, or received to the plaintiff’s ufe, the monies fo loft and paid, or converted the goods won of the plaintiff's to the defendants And if the ufe, whereby the plaintiff's adtion accrued to him, according ktfers do not to the form of this ffatute, without fetting forth the fpeciu other Derfon Baattcr» an^ *n ca^e the person or persons who shall lofe such j**”1 money, or other thing, as aforefeid, shall not, within the time aforefeid, really and bona fide, and without covin or coliufion, foe, and with effedt prosecute for the money, or other thing





I7I0.J	Anno no no Animb. c. 14;	179

by him or them loft, and paid or delivered, as aforefeld, and recover it (ball and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, by w*th *fcWe any such abtion or fuit, as afbrefaid, to fue for and recover the moiety to the fame, and treble the value thereof, with cofts of fuit, against informer, the such winner or winners, as afbrefaid ; the one moiety thereof other to the to the ufe of the person or persons that will fue for the fame, P°or* and the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of the pariffr where the offence shall be committed

III.	And for the better difeovery of the monies, or other The person thing fo won, and to be fued for and recovered, as aforesaid, fued shall an-* it is hereby further enabled by the authority afbrefaid, That all ^dif-and every the person or persons, who by virtue of this present t£c ^ abl shall or may be liable to be fued for the fatne, shall be ney won. obliged and compellable to anfwer upon oath such bill or bills

as shall be preferred against him or them, for difeovering the fum and fums of money, or other thing, fo won at play, as aforesaid.

IV.	Provided always, and be it nevertheless enabled by the The person authority aforesaid. That upon the difeovery and repayment who shall fi> of the money, or other thing fo to be difeovered ahd repaid, difcover and as aforesaid, tne person or persons, who shall fodifeover and re- j^Scmnified pay the fame as aforesaid, shall be acquitted, indemnified, and from further discharged from any further or other punifhment, forfeiture, puxiiihment^ or pemuty, which he or they may have incurred by the playing

for, or winning such money or other thing fo difeovered and repaid, as aforesaid $ any former or other ftatute, law, or ufage, or any thing in this present abl contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Any person That if any person or persons whatfoever, at any time or times, winmngjby after the faidfirft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and 10L at eleven, do or (hall, by any fraud or (hift, coufenage, circum- one fitting, vention, deceit, or unlawful device or ill prablice whatfoever, in and convicta! playing at or with cards, dice, or any the games aforesaid, or in thereof on in* or by bearing a (hare or part in the (lakes, wagers, or adventures,

or in or by betting on the fides or hands of such as do or shall tj,c va: play, as aforesaid, win, obtain, or acquire to him or themfelves, lue, be deemed or to any other or others, any fum or fums of money or other infamous, and valuable thing or things whatfoever, or shall at any one time ^Yof wUful or fitting, win of any one or more person or persons whatfoever, Srjury# above the fum or value of ten pounds, that then every person ^ or persons fo winning by such ill prablice, as aforesaid, or winning at anv one time or fitting above the said fum or value of ten pounds, and being convibled of any of the said offences, upon an indiblment or information to be exhibited against him or them for that purpofe, shall forfeit five times the value of the fum or fums of money, or other thing fo won, as aforesaid; and in case of such ill prablice, as aforesaid, shall be deemed infamous, and fuffer such corporal punifhment, as in cafes of wilful peijury; and such penalty to be recovered by such person or persons as shall fue '

: for the fame by such abtion as aforesaid.

N a	VI.	4ni





180	Anno	nono Ann.®, c. 14;	[17102

Two justices VI. And whereas divers leud and dijfoluti perfons^ live at greed inay caufe per- expmceiy having no vifible ejlate, profejfion or calling to maintain iu> vifible e-VC themfelves, but fupport thofe expences fry gaming only ; be it there-ftatc, &c. to	further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall

be broueht and may be lawful for any two or more of her Majcfty’s justices before them, 0f the peace, in any county, city, or liberty whatsoever,* to make?t appear cau^e to come> or to he brought before them, every such ner-that they do fon or perfons, within their refpedive limits, whom they mall not piaintain have juft caufe to fufped to have no vifible eftate, profeffion or themfelves by calling to maintain themfelves by, but do for the moft part fup-ind fureties Port themfelves by gaming ; and if such person or {>enons (hail for their good not make it appear to such juftices, that the principal part of behaviour for his or their expences is not. maintained by gaming, that then 12 months, or such justices (hallrequire 6f him or them fufficient fecurities be committed. for hls or t^ejr behaviour for the fpace of twelve months;

and in default of his or their finding such fecurities, to commit him or them to the common gaol, there tp remain until he or they shall find such fecurities, as aforesaid.

Perfons fo VII. And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That if finding fore- such person or persons fo finding fureties, as aforesaid, (hall, duties, and play ring the time for which he or they shall be fo bound to the good ing for 10s. behaviour, at any one time or fitting, play or bett for any fum tfowsItaH or ^uras money or other thing, exceeding in the whole the forfeit their fum or value of twenty (hillings, that then such playing shall recognizance, be deemed or taken to be a breach of his or their behaviour, and a forfeiture of the recognizance given for the fame.

VIII. And for the preventing of such quarrels as shall and may happen upon the account of gaming; be it further enad-Afault-.n ed by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe any person or per-Sic. onac^’ fons whatfoever, shall aflault and beat, or shall challenge or count of mo- provoke to fight any other person or persons whatfoever, upon ney won at account of any monev won by gaming, playing, or betting at atthiseoods 1 any ^ g^es aforesaid, iuch person or persons affaulting and be nwpri- an^ beating, or challenging or provoking to fieht such other foned two person or persons upon the account aforesaid, (hall, being there-years.	of convicted upon an indidment or information to be exhibited

againft him or them for that purpofe, forfeit to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceftors, all his goods, chattels and perfonal eftate whatfoever, and shall also fuffer imprisonment without bail or mainprize, in the common gaol of the county where such convidion shall be had, during the term of two years.

This act shall IX. Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained not extend to shall extend to prevent or hinder any person or persons from prevent gam- gaming or playing at any of the games aforefeid, within any of ing in any of her fyfajefty’s palaces of St. James or IVhitehaUy during such patac^durfog time as ^cr Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, shall be adually her refidence” refident at either of the said two palaces, or in any other royal there, Scc.	palaces, where her Majefty, her heirs or fucceftors shall be ac-

tually refident, during the time of such adual rdidence, fo as (uch playing be not in any houfe, lodging, or other part of any of the said palaces, the freehold or inheritance whereof is or

•	.	fcaU



i?iq4	Anno	none Annjb. c. 15.	181

(hall be out of the crown, or is or shall bet in leafe to any per-Ton or perfons, during such time as such freehold and inheritance shall be out of the crown, or such leafe shall continue, and fo as such playing be for ready motley only,

CAP. XV.

An ail for making more effeftual an ail of the forty-third . year of the reign of <$ueen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft concerning the afilfes of fuel, fo far as it relates to the affife of htllet.

WHEREAS an ait made in (he forty-third year of Sueen vr

Elizabeth, intituled, An aft concerning the aflifes of45 1 * * ** fuel, extends only to cities, boroughs, and towns corporate: and whereas also there is no forfeiture by the said aft, unlefs the tale-woody billety or faggots therein mentioned were put to Jaley the difficulty of knowing which is very great, (notwithjlanding the said commodities lie expofed in publick places where they are ufually bought and fold) by reason of the unwillingnefs of persons to become informers : and whereas also the ajfife of billet in the said aft is carried up no higher than to two cafly which is very far Jkort of the fcantlings of billet now in ufe in many parts of this realm \ for remedying the How.... defefts in the said aft, and making it more effeftual, be it t!0 enafted by the Queen's moft excellent majesty, by and with many port, # the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and after Nov. 1, commons, m this present parliament aflembled, and by the *7t0- foallbc authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of an/marited, November in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, all billet whatfoever, that is or shall lie expofed on wharfs, (lathes, kays, or other places where billet is ufually put on board, landed, laden, unladen, or that shall be put to laic, or that shall lie in any hoy, barge, keel, lighter, or other boat or veffel within the port of Londony or any other port,

(hall be aflifed, and cut or marked in manner following, viz. all billets, of what fcantling or denomination foever, shall contain in length three foot and four inches; every billet named a (ingle, being round bodied, shall contain in compafs sinrit. feven inches and a half; every billet commonly called a call, Caft# *

(hall be cut or marked one, and being round, shall contain in compafs ten inches and an half, being half round shall contain in compafs twelve inches and a quarter, being quarter-cleft,

(hall contain in compaft twelve inches; every billet commonly called a trois, shall be cut or marked with three notches in the TrojJ# middle, and being round, shall contain in compafs thirteen inches, being half round lhall contain in compafs fifteen inches, being quarter-cleft, lhall contain in compafs fourteen inches and three quarters ; every billet commonly called two cad, qpw0 caft# • shall be marked two, and being round, lhall contain in compafs fifteen inches, being half round, lhall contain in compafs feventeen inches and a quarter, being quarter-cleft, lhall contain in compafs feventeen inches; every billet commonly cal-

N 3	led



Anne nono Annjb. c. 15.'



1S2

Three caft. led three caft, shall be marked with a notch at each end, ,and another in the middle, and being round, fhall contain in compaft eighteen inches and a quarter, being half round, shall contain in compafs twenty-one inches and a quarter, being quarter-cleftf shall contain in compafs twenty-one inches ; every billet com* Four caft. monly called four cad, shall be marked four, andbeinground (haU contain in compafs twenty-one inches and a quarter, being half round, shall contain in compafs twenty-four inches and a half, being quarter-cleft, shall contain in compafs twenty-four inches* Vive caft* every billet commonly called five cad, (nail be marked live, and being round, shall contain in compafs twenty-three inches and three quarters, beinghalf round, shall contain in compafs twenty-feven inches and a half, being quarter-cleft, shall contain if* compafs twenty-feven inches ; every billet commonly called Six eaft* fix cad, shall be marked fix, and being round, shall contain in compafs twenty-fix inches, being had round, shall Contain in compafs thirty inches, being quarter-cleft, shall contain in compafs twenty-nine inches and a half; every billet commonly Seven calk called feven cad, shall be marked feven, and being round, (haU eontain in compafs twenty-eight inches, being half round, shall contain in compafs tnirty-two inches and a half, being quarter-cleft, shall contain in compafs thirty-two inches ; every Bight call* billet commonly called eight cad, shall be marked eight, ana being round, (nail contain in compafs thirty inches, being ha^f round, shall contain in compafs thirty-four inches and three quarters, being quarter-cleft, lhall contain in compafs thirty-Nine calk four inches ; every billet commonly called nine cad, shall be marked nine, and being round, shall contain in compafs thirty-one inches and three quarters, being half round, shall contanj in compafs thirty-fix inches and three quarters, being quarter-deft, shall contain in compafs thirty-fix inches and'a quarter; Tea eaft* cvcy billet commonly called ten cad, shall be marked ten, and being round, shall contain in compafs thirty-three inches and a half, being half round, shall contain in compafs thirty-eight inches and three quarters, being quarter-cleft, shall contain in compafs thirty-eight inches; every billet commonly called Eleven caft. deven call, shall be marked eleven, and being round, shall pontain in compafs thirty-five inches and a quarter; every billet Twelve caft commonly called twelve caft, shall be marked twelve, and being round, shall contain in compafs thirty-fix inches and three Thirteen caft quarters; every billet commonly called thirteen caft, shall be marked thirteen, and being round, shall contain in compafit thirty-eight inches and a quarter ; every billet commonly called Fourteen caft- fourteen caft, shall be marked fourteen, and being round shall contain in compafs thirty-nine inches and three quarters; every Fifteen caft. billet commonly called fifteen caft* fhall be marked fifteen, and being round shall contain in compafs forty*one inches; eveiy billet Sixteen caft. Commonly called fixteen caft, shall be marked fixteen, and being round, shall contain ip compafs forty-two inches and a half; •very billet commonly called feventeen caft, shall be marked Seventeen caft. feventeen, and being round, shall contain in compafs forty-three inches and three quarters ; every billet commonly cal!c4

eighteen



 *

^yio.]	Anno	ndno	Annal	C.	15.	18$

eighteen caft, shall be marked eighteen, and brine round, (Kali Eighteen caft. contain in cotnpafs forty-five inches ; every billet commonly called nineteen caft, shall be marked nineteen, and being Nineteen caft.* round, shall contain in compafs forty-fix inches and a quarter 5 every billet commonly called twenty caft, shall be marked Twenty cait twenty, and being round, shall contain in compafs fbrty-feven inches and a half.

II.	' And be it further enacted by 4he authority aforesaid. Billet expofed That all billet that is, shall lie, or be expofed, on wharfs, 1Wj* p®* ftathes, kays, or other places where billet is ufually put on^JedJSted board, lanaed, laden, unladen, or that shall be put or expofed Altered and * to fale, or that shall be in any hoy, barge, keel, lighter, or expidmed by Other boat or vefiel, within the port of London,, or any other 10Annas,c.5. port, and shall not beaffifed and marked, or cut, as in facbwood. this adt before diredled, That then upon information there-

of given to any justice of peace of the county, or to the mayor, bailiff1, or other head officer of the city, borough, or town corporate, where the said billet is, or shall lie or be expofed, or be put to fale, or be in any hoy, barge, keel, lighter, or other boat or veffel, as aforesaid, such justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, or other head officer, shall have power and authority to call before'them fix good and lawful men of the town, parifti, city, borough, or town corporate, where the said billet is,

(hall lie, or be exposed, or be put to fale, or be in any hoy, barge, keel, lighter, or other boat or veflel, as aforesaid, and shall fwear them upon their corporal oaths, truly to enquire and pre-fent, whether all or any part of the said billet be of good and fafficient afftfe, according to the diredlion of this present adV; and if they shall present upon their oaths, that any of theTaid billets are not aflized and marked, or cut, as is before directed.

That then the said justice of peace for the said county, or the laid mayor, bailiff, or other head office? of the said city, borough, or town corporate, by virtue of this adt, upon their pmentment, shall and may take such of the said billets as (ball # not be marked or cut, or be falfe aflifed, as forfeited, and shall to be forfeited, deliver die feme to the overfeers of the poor in the (aid town, 8iven to parifti, city, borough, or town corporate, to be by them giventhe ®oor* and diftributed to the poor there, according to their discretions, from time to time, as often as such offences shall be prefented in manner and form, as aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefayJ* Any perfoa That if any fuit or adtion shall happen at any time or tim« '®T Pj£-hereafter to be brought, commenced, or profecuted against any jjj1

person or persons for or relating to any matter or thing whicn ma^pTead tbt Ik or they shall happen to do in putting in execution this present general iffue, •d 5 it shall be lawful to and for such person or persons, against whom such fuit or adtion shall happen to be brought, as afore-feid, to plead the general iffue, and to give this aft and the fpecial ' matter in evidence 5 and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such fuit or adtion shall become nonfuit, or fuffer a verdidt to pafs •gainft him or them, or difeontinue his or their fuit or adtion,

N 4	or





184	Anno nono Anna. c. 16.'	^1710*

or judgment shall be given against him of thetKi upon any demurrer, the defendant or defendants in such fuit or and shall have fliall have judgment to recover his or their treble coils in inch treble colts, fcjitor a&ion.	>

Proprietors of IV. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority trees *"5? aforesaid. That any owner or proprietor of trees,' may lop, cut, or m>t mark can7» mark, or omit to mark billet of what afliae, length or their billets as .bignefs he pleafcs, such billet being for the private ufe 'of the they pleafe for said owner and proprietor only; any thing in this adt contain* private ufe, ed to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

A* aft to make an attempt on the life of a privy cotmfdlor> in the execution of bis office, to be felony without benefit of clergy.

\I/HEREAS Anthony dc Guifcard, commonly called mar-VV quit de Guifcard, a French papifi9 refuting in England under her Majefty's protection* andfubftfiea by her Majefty's bounty for fome years paft, was charged with holding a traiterous correfpon*-(Hence with France, and being taken into (uftody for such bis treafou by Nathan Wilcocks, of the parijh of St. James Weftminfter in the county of Middlefex, gentleman, one of her Majefty's mejfengers in ordinary, by virtue of a warrant of the right honourable Henry Saint John efquire, one of her Majefty'$ principal fecretaries of ftatey and on the eighth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thotifand feven hundred and ten9 being under examination before a committee of her Majefiy's mofi honourable privy council for the fame* perceiving bis said treafon to have been fully detected* being confciom of bis guilty and dreading the pain and infamy of his approaching pur nijbmenty in hopes of preventing the Jame9 and in revenge for the difcovery.pf the said offence^ did, with a penknife, in. a barbarous and villainous manner 9 ftab the right honourable Robert Hariey ffquirty chancellor of her Majefiy's Exchequer, and one of her Ahr jtfly's privy council then present and affifiing in that committee* and endeavoured to wound others of her AlajeJly's privy council there: and whereas in the preventing further mifcbieffrom the rage of thefaid Anthony de Guifcard, andin apprehending and fecuring him9 be the said jAnjhony de Guifcard was necejfarily and unavoidably bruifed and wounded^ and is ftme dead in the prifon of Newgate in the city of London: and whereas.nofufficient vunifhment is provided foraffaulting or wounding a privy counjellor in the execution of bis office, by anylatb now in being; to the end that all persons may be deterred from After 1 May, committing such offences, and for preventing the like mifchieft

1711.	whoever for the time to come; be it enadled by the Queen’s mod excellent fhall attempt majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual to kill. See. a and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletm fehor irTthe WecU anc* ky the authority of the fame. That if any perfop.or.po> execution of fons, from and after the firft day of May9 in the year of our his office, de- Lord one tjioufand feven hundred and eleven, shall unlawfully attempt to kill, or shall unlawfully affault and ftrike or wound ***** ***** ?ny perfon, being one of the mgft honourable privy council

pt

;i7io.l	An»o flono &NN1S. c. 17.	185

of her Majefty, her heirs or fucgeflors, when in the execution df •his oflice of a privy counfellor in council, or in any committee c^rgy, ^ of council* that then the person or persons fo offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be and are hereby 'declared to .be felon$, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without the benefit of clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, NatMn W8-That the said Nathan Wilcocks ( who by aninquifition taken the f^Aarm-feyenteenth day of the said month of March, before George Rivers [tiim cfquire, coroner of the said city of London, on view of the body of the said Anthony de Guifcard, then and there lying dead) is found to have given him the said Anthony de Guifcard feverai mortal bruifes of which he died; and all and every other person and perfons, who were affixing in the defence of the said Robert ■Harley, and in the apprehending and fecuring the said Anthony de Guifcard, and did, in fo doing, aflault, bruife, or wound the said Anthony de Guifcard, shall be, and are hereby indemnified and faved harmlefs therefore; and fuph their a&ings and doings are hereby declared to have been neceflary and lawful.

CAP. XVII.

An a ft for the prefervation of white and other pine trees f growing in her Majefty's colonies of New Hampshire, the Maflachufets Bay, and province of Main, Rhode Ifland, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganfct Country, or ’ King’s Province, and Connecticut, in New England,

V' and New York, and New Jerfey, in America, for the mailing her Majefty's navy.

WHEREAS there are great number f of white or other fort

of pine trees, fit for ma/ls, growing in her Majefty's colonies	y

p/*New Hamplhire, the Maflachufets Bay, and province of Main,

Rhode Ifland, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganfet country, or Xing’s Province, and Conrte&icut, in New England, and New York, and New Jerfey, fit for the mailing her Majefty's royal navy .* and whereas the fame growing near the fea, and on navigable rivers, may commodioufly he brought into this • kingdom for the Jervice aforesaid: wherefore, for the better prefervation thereof. After 14 Sept, be it enacted by the Queen’s molt excellent majesty, by and ytJ- ??Perr .with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, coToniesof1^ and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by New Hamp-the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty (hire, &c. lhall fourth day of September, which shall be in the year of our Lord c\lt>&c* any tone thousand fevcn hundred and eleven, no person or persons [£"^2^ within the said colonies of New Hampjhire, the Maffachufets Bay, without leave . and province of Main, Rhode Ifland, and Providence Plantation, of the Queen 5 the karraganfet country, or King’s Province, Connecticut in New on forfeiture Rngland, and New York and New Jerfey, or any of them, do or shall prefume to cut, fell, or deftroy any white or other fort	the

of pine tree fit for mads,- not being the property of any private oEficr to the perlpp, fucji trep bfing of the growth of twenty four inches informer, to ’	*	*	<Jw*pct?r

186

be levied by ’warrant ofa jufticc. Repealed as to felling <wbiti piste trees, by f Geo. i« c. i». f. 6.

Noperfon

Anno noao AnnC.r8.

diameter and upwards at twelve inches from the earth, without bar Majefty’s licence for fo doing firft had and obtained, on the penalty or forfeiture of one hundred pounds fterling for every such offence, on proof thereof to be made by one or more credible witnefles on oath before one of her Majefty’s justices of the peace there, within or neareft to fach place where such of* fence fhall be committed ; one moiety of luch penalty or foo* feiture to be to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceuors, the other moiety to the informer who fhall fuo for the fame within six months, to be levied by warrant under the hand and feal of such justice of the peace.

II. And	whereas	the	furveyor general of her	Mejejbfs	woods

thofe parts is, by	bimfelf or his	fuffi deputy or by her

Majefty’s	commiffion, authorized	and	to mark with the	broad

arrow all such trees as new	are,or hereafter fhall be fit and proper

to be taken for	the ufe of herMajefiy's royal navy, and to'keep a re-

gifier for the fame, thereby to prevent the definition of finch trees : and whereas Jeveral perfons, not lawfully thereto authorized, as fortfaid, have prefumed to mark such trees with the broad , thereby to deter others her Majefiy’s good fubjeils from getting logs for lumber and other ufes, and to make to themfelves a property in such trees, though growing on common land j be it therefore further en*

wif““lth*f*idafted by die authority aforesaid. That from and-after the laid mark'imvpine	fourth day oi September, oat thou (and feven hundred and

tree with the eleven, no peribn or persons within the said colonies of New broad arrow,	Hampjhirt, the Mafifachufets Bay, and province of Main, Rhode

except the	Ifiand, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganfet countiy, or

veyor	*tuc.~ Kings Province, Conneiticut in New England, and New York, and

1 ’	New Jerfey, or any of them, other than the said furveyor gene-

ral for the time being, his deputy or deputies, or fueh person as fhall be authorized thereto by warrant under the said furveyor On penalty of general’s hand, do. or fhall prefume to mark any such white or f j. to be le- other fort of pine trees, with the broad arrow, on the penalty or forfeiture of five pounds fterling for every such offence, to be recovered and levied in such manner, and on futh proof, and to be diftributed, as aforesaid; any thing herein before, on in any former a St,contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

vied and di-ftributedas •bore#

fin all to render more effeH an all made in of her prefent	Majefty, An ad to repeal a	daufc

in an ad of the feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty, for amending highways, which enjoins wag. goners,and others to draw with a pole between die wheel-horles, or with double fhafts, and to oblige them * to draw only with fix horfes, or other beafts, except up hills.

^T^HERE AS by an ait ofparliament made in the $Geo.i.c.»». V V the reign of her present Majefty, intituled. An ad to repeal iIgco * c	* daufejn an ad of the feventh year of the reign of bis late Ma-

jefty



17U&1 Anno none Ann.®. c. i8.

jefty (for amending and repairing highways) which enjoins wag- iSGeo.i.c.33. goners and others to draw with a pole between the wheel horfes, or with double (hafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix horfes, or other beafts, except up hills, it is enafted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eight, no travelling waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, wherein any burdens, goods, or wares Jhall be carried or drawn, other than such carts and carriages as in the said aft are excepted, Jhall at any one time travel, be drawn, or go in a?ty common or publick highway or road with above fix horfes, oxen, or beafis, except up hills, upon fain that every owner of Juch waggon, wain, cart or carriage, Jhall forfeit for every such offence the fium of five pounds ; one moiety whereof fall be to the furveyors of the highways of the town, village. After 24. June, hamlet, or place, where any of the said offences Jhall be committed, to J71 !m^nyp^* be employed in the repairs of the said highways, and the other moiety h^rfes?^ thereof to him that jhall difeover and prosecute for any of the said of- See. of any fences, (provided such difcoverer or profecutor to be an inhabitant ^waggon, &e. such town, village, or place) the said penalty to be levied by difirefs drawr\ wltl\ of all or any the said horfes, oxen, or beafis, by warrant under the	^

hand and feal of o?ie justice of the peace: and whereas the refraining and deliver the difeovery and profecution of the said offence, to an inhabitant a/them to the the town or place where the offence Jhall be committed, and the faid^™cyor. See. penalties being appointed to be levied by diftrefs of the said horfes, ox-	^

en, or beafis only, by warrant under the hand and feal of one jufiice paid in 3 dayt, cf the peace, do render the said aft in a great meafure ineffectual \ the diftrefs to for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the Queen’s moit excel-be r°ld» lent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords jj" ^c0*,** spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- aiKj 5 Geo. u ment afiembl^d, and by the authority of the fame, That fromc. 12. by the and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fe- W of which ven hundred and eleven* it shall and may be lawful for any Pbe drawn fon or persons whatfoever, to feize or diftrain any or all of the more horfes, oxen, or beafts of any person or persons offending a- than 3 horfes. gainft the said a (ft, by drawing with more than fix horfes, oxen. And fee 6 Geo. or beafts, and forthwith to deliver the said horfes, oxen, ora'farfainment* beafts fo feized and diftrained to the furveyor of the highways,oftbequanti-or other parifh officer of the town, village, hamlet, or place ties of meal, where the offence shall be committed ; and in cafe the said pe- i0 car^ naity be not paid within three days, it shall and may be lawfulrie<*tn to and for the said furveyor of the highways, or other parifh officer, by warrant pnder hand and feal of one justice of the peace, to fell the said diftrefs, and deliver the money railed thereby to the said juftice, who is hereby authorized and required to diftribute the penalties as by the said adt is directed, rend-ring the overplus, if any be, to the owner, the charges being ftrft deduced ; or if the offender or offenders fhall immediately if thc offend-pay the said penalty to the person or persons fo feizing or di-erpaythe pt-(training, or to the furveyor or other parifh officer where the of- naity, it Ihall fence fhall be committed, then the person fo receiving the fame ^

(hall deliver it to the next justice of the peace, to be by him nf.xt *ftributcd, 3s aforesaid. J	‘	'	|Uft,C'5	**

II. Pro-





m

If the perfan feizing the cattle ihall negleft to deliver them to the furveyor, he shall forfeit sol. to be le> vied by di-ftrefs} and for want of di-ftrefs to be fent to the common gaol. Surveyor, &c. neglecting to deliver the penalty to the jnftice, to forfeit 101«

Perfbr.saflift-ing,&c. to ibfieitfl.

So much of the laid a& of 6 Anna? as relates to drawing up hill, repealed.

Where fix horfes are not luiEcient, any person may add more beafts from another cart, &c.

Anna nono AC. 1.9J	C1	J1?*

II.	Provided always. That if any person or persons shall at any time refufe or negleft to carry any of the said horfes, oxen, or beads, by him fo feized or diftrained, to the furveyor, or other parifh officer, as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for fucn refufal or negleft, the fum of twenty pounds, to be levied upon his goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of one justice of the peace; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the person or persons fo offending shall be fent to the common gaol of the county, city, town corporate, or liberty where such offence shall be committed, there to remain till the said fum of twenty pounds, by him fo forfeited, shall be fully paid ; one moiety of which faia fum (hall, by order of the said juftice. of the peace, be paid to the informer, and the other moiety be laid out in repairing the highways of the parifh, town, or hamlet where the feizure was made; and if any furveyor of the highways, or other parifh officer, shall refufe or negleft to deliver any lum of money or penalty by him received to the said juftice, he or they, for such refufal or negleft, shall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be levied and difpofed of, as aforesaid.

III.	And.be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any person employed by any carrier, or other person fubjeft to the penalties mentioned in the said aft, shall drive, or aflift in the driving of any travelling waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, with more than nx horfes, oxen, or beafts, the person fo offending shall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be levied and difpofed of in like manner as the forfeitures before men* tioned are direfted and appointed.

IV.	And whereas the allowing of drawing up any hills by the said aft with more thanfix horfes, or beajls9 has been found very prejudicial to the highway s9 by giving opportunity of drawing in other places with more than fix horfes, or beajls; be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That fo much of the said recited aft as relates the drawing up hills with more than fix horfes or beafts, from the said four and twentieth day of June9 one thousand feven hundred and eleven, shall (land abfolutely repealed, and is hereby repealed.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, That where the horfes allowed to draw any cart or waggon, shall not be fufficient to draw the fame up any fteep hill, or out of any foul place, it shall and may be lawful to and for any per-fon or persons to take, add, and join any horfe or horfes, from another cart or waggon then travelling that road, by and with the confent of the owner or driver of such cart or waggon, to help such inefficient horfes" up such fteep hill, or out of such foul place ; any thing herein, or in any other aft, contained tQ the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act to enable her Majefty to grant the fite of the caftle of Exon (parcel of her dutchy of Cornwall) for mjiety-nin$ years, for the ufe and benefit of the county of Devon,

'	Tbs



i7io]

Anno nono ArfNjB. c.ao.'.

189

Tbc Queen, See, xiav by letters patent grant tie fite of the cattle of Exon, for the term of ninety-nine years, to fome person appointed by the quarter feflions of the county of Devon, for the ufe of the said county,

&c. The interett of the jultices to the herbage, See. (hail ceafe on the making such grant $ and the antient yearly rent of 101, shall be reforved in the laid grant payable to the crown. Saving to all perfons, other than the crown and dukes of Cornwall, all rights, &c.

CAP. XX.

An act for rtndrtng the proceedings upon writs of Mandamus, and informations in the nature of a Quo Warranto* more Jpcedy and effectual * and for the more eajy trying and: determining the rights of offices and franebifes in corpora->r tions and boroughs.

f TX7 HEREAS divers persons have of late illegally intruded them-WV felves into, and have taken upon themfebes to execute the offices of mayors, bailiffs, portreeves and other offices, within cities* towns corporate, boroughs and places* within that part of Great Britain called England and Wales! and where such offices were annual offices, it hath been found very difficulty if not impracticabley by the laws now in being, to bring to a trial and determination the right of such persons to the said offices within the compafs of the year % and where such offices were not annual officeSy it hath been found difficult to try and determine the right of such persons to such offices, before they have done divers ads in their said officesx prejudicial to the peacey order and good government within such citiesy towns corporatey boroughs and places, wherein they have respectively acted: fond whereas divers peifonSy who had a right to such offices, pr to beburgejjes or freemen of such cities, towns corporatiy boroughs or places, have either been illegally turned out of the famey or have been refufed to be admitted theretOy having in many of the said cafes no other remedy to procure themfebes to be refpeCtively admitted or rtjlored to their said of- , fices or franchifes of being burgejfes or freemeny than by writs ^Mandamus, the proceedings on which are very dilatory and expenfivey whereby great mifchiefs have already enfuedy and more are likely to tnfuey if not timely prevented: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the Queen’s molt excellent majesty, by and with the advice an<^ After the firft confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in day of Trinity this present parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the term, 1711. fam^JXhat from and after the firft day of Trinity term, in the Returns to year of our Lord one thousand fevert hundred and eleven, where any writ of Mandamus shall iffue out of the court of Queen's tjlc QuCeil's Bench, the courts of fcflions of counties palatine, or out of anyBencK &c. the courts of grand feflions in JValeSy in any of the cafes afore- <hall be made faid, such person or persons, who by the laws of this realm are ““ required to make a return to such writ of Mandamus, shall make* his or their return to the firft writ of Mandamus.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, Asfoonasthe That from and after the said firft day of Trinity term, as often return is as in any of the cafes aforesaid, any writ of Mandamus shall iffue n‘a^e»thc. out of any of the said courts, and a return fhall be made there- f^writmay unto, it (frail and may be lawful to and for the person or pcr^plead, &c.

fons





%$o	Anna	nono	Anna.	c<iol	[kJrioT

fens filing or profecuring such writ of Mandamus, to plead to, or^ traverfe all or any the material fads Contained within the (aid return; to which the person or persons making such return Hull reply,' take iflue, or demur; and such further proceedings, and to which the in such manner shall be had therein, for the determination there-person return- of, as might have been had if the person or persons filing such ing may re- had brought his or their adion on the cafe for a falfe return *

* y* c* and if any HTue shall be joined on such proceedings, die person v How the pro- or persons fuing such writ shall and may try the fame in such ceedingt Outt pfcce as an ;fjbc joined in such adion on the cafe (hould bt might have been tried ; and in cafe a verdid shall be found for the person or persons fuing such writ, or judgment given for him or them upon a demurrer, or by Nil dicit, or for want of a replication or other pleading, he or they (hill recover his or their damages and cods in such manner as he or they might have done in such action on the cafe as aforesaid; such cofts and damages to be levied by Capias ad Satisfaciendum, Fieri Facias, or EUgit; and a peremptory writ of Mandamus shall be granted without delay, for him or them for whom judgment (half be given, as might have been, if such return had been adjudged mfufficient; and in cafe judgment shall be given for the penon or persons making such return to such writ, he or they shall recover his or their cofts of fuit, to be levied in manner aforesaid. Ptrfonsagainft III- Provided always. That if any damages shall be recover-whom da- ed by virtue of this ad against any such person or persons mak-bting such return to such writ, as aforesaid, he or they shall not fabte'tobc01 ** Kabfet0 bc fued in any other adion or fuit, for the making fued in other fi*ch return; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary thereof a&ions^ in any wife notwithstanding.

How informa- VIV. )And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, tions in the rThat from and after the said firft day of Trinity term, in cafe any Pcr®:)ns ufurp, intrude into, or unlawfully hold beexhibited * ^ execute any of the said offices or franchifes, it shall and may against such is be lawful to and for the proper officer in each of the said refpec-intrude, &c. tive courts, with the leave of the said courts refpedively, to ex-into offices,	one	or	more	information	or	informations in the nature of

a £>uo Warranto, at the relation of any person or persons defiring to (ue or prosecute the fame, and who shall be mentioned in such information or informations to be the relator or relators against such person or persons, fo ufurping, intruding into, or unlawfully holding and executing any of the said offices or franchifes, and to proceed therein in such manner as is 'ufual in cafes of information in the nature of a S{uo Warranto; and if it shall appear to the said refpedive courts, that the feveral rights of divers persons to the said offices or franchifes may properly be '	determined	on	one	information,	it shall and may be lawful for

the said refpedive courts to give leave to exhibit one such information against feveral perfons, in order to try their refpedive rights to filch offices or franchifes^jand such person or persons, against whom such information or informations in the nature of a ^uo Warranto shall be fued or profecuted, shall appear and

plead



.	Anno	nono	Ann.®.	c.ao.	191

plead as of .the fame term or feflions in which the £ud informa* tion or informations shall be filed, unlefs the court where such information shall be filed,, shall give further time to such person or perfohs, against whom such information shall be exhibited, to plead ; ana such person or persons, who shall Aie or prosecute such information or informations in the nature of a jyuo War■*. ranto, (halt proceed thereupon with the mod convenient fpeed that may be$ any law or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enabled and declared by the authority judgment of aforesaid, That from and after the said firft day of Trinity term, Oufier shall be in cafe any person or persons, against whom any information or S*™® informations in the nature of a Quo Warranto shall in any of the E^ty offuch laid cafes be exhibited in any of the said courts, shall be found or ufurpatkm, adjudged guilty of an ufurpation, or intrufion into, or unlaw* dec.

fully holding and executing any of the said offices, or franchifes, k (nail and may be lawful to and for the said courts refpe&ively, as well to give judgment of Oujler against such person or persons, of and from any of the said offices or franchifes, as to fine such person or persons refpedively, for his or their ufurping, intruding into, or unlawfully holding and executing any of the said and the rda-offices or franchifes $ and also it shall and may be lawful to and tor reco* for the said courts refpedively, to give judgment. That the re- if judgment lator or relators, in such information named, shall recover his or be given for their cofts of such profecution ; and if judgment shall be given the defendant, for the defendant or defendants in such information, he or they, hc ^1 for whom such judgment shall be given, shall recover his or ^e* their cofts therein expended against such relator or relators \ such cofts to be levied in manner aforesaid.

VI.	And be it further enacted and declared by the authority The court aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said may allow a courts refpedively, to allow to such person or persons refpedive- convenient ly, to whom any writ of Mandamus shall be directed, or against °Mamda* whom anv information in the nature of a Quo Warranto, in any plead, of the cafes aforesaid, shall be fued or profecuted, or to the per- reply, &c. fon or persons who shall fue or prosecute the fame, such convenient time refpedtively, to make a return, plead, reply, rejoin,

or demur, as to the laid courts refpedtively shall feem juft and reafonable; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VU. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. The a St That after the said firft day of Trinity term, an ad made in the 4 Ann*, c. tS. fourth year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for the ^^tutcVof mmdment of the law, and the better advancement of juftice, and all	Audi

the statutes of Jeofayles, shall be extended to all writs of Man- be extended damns, and informations in nature of a Quo WarrantOy and pro- t0 writ* °*• ceedings thereon, for any the matters in this ad mentioned. h^>ffamuj98ce»

Vnl. And whereas in divers counties, boroughsy towns corporate, Jg £1. c. 14* # and cinque-ports, where the mayor, bailiff, or other officer or officers,	El. c. 5.

to whom it belongs to prefide at the eleftion, and make return of any 11 J* «•■ c. if* member to ferut in parliament > ought to be annually elefted, the fame *17 Car*

person * *

 GoogI

No annua] returning officer ftall be re-ele&ed j and such annual officer obit™ fting the election of his fucceffor,

to forfeit 100I.

One moiety to the Queen, the ooier to the profecu tor.

3 Geo. i. c. o.

f-3.

5ijo'539l. 5S.

5d. navy debt.

1543*41- 15s-8d. q. ordnance.

424.791!. 5s.

4d q tranf-port.

1,0^656]. 17s. 9H, q# array debsn lures.

12025]. is. «oal duty.

Anno nono ANN^. c.2ir	£x?^t

person hath been re~eleftcd into such office for fevered y&%fucceffive~ iy, which hath, been found inconvenient \ be it enacted aria, declared by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons, who hath been or shall be in such annual office for one whole year, shall be capable to be chofen into the fame office for the year immediately enfuing: and where any such annual officer or officers i$ or are to continue for a year, and until fome other person or. pcrfons shall be chofen and fwom into such office \ if any such officer or officers shall voluntarily and unlawfully pbftrudt and prevent the choofing another person or persons to fucceed into such office at the time appointed for making another choice* shall forfeit one hundred pounds for every such offence, to be recovered with cofts of fuit, by such person as will fue for the fame in any of her Majefty’s courts of record before mentioned, by: C&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin* protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance ^ one moiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that will foe for the fame.

CAP. XXI.

An a3 for making good deficiencies, and fatisfying the publick debts; and for ereffing a corporation, to carry on a trade to the South Seas, and for the encouragement of the fifbery; and for liberty to trade in unwtougbt iron with the fub-jells of Spain \ and to repeal the alls for regifiring fea-men.

MOST gracious Sovereign., whereas notwithfianding the many and great fupplies granted to your Majefiy for carrying on the present war, the following debts and deficiencies arc computed to remain fill due and unprovidedfor, (that is to fay) the fum of five millions one hundred and thirty tboufand five hundred thirty nine pounds, five /hillings, and five pence,for the debt of your Majejlys navy, and for feruices perj'ortned by the navy on account of land forces, to the nine and twentieth day of September, one tboufand /even hundred and ten, (cxclufrue of the debt for the regifter of fearned) and the fum of one hundred fifty four tboufand three Inmired twenty four pounds, fifteen /hillings, and eight pence farthing, for the debt of your Ma-je/l/s office of ordnance, to the nine and twentieth day of September, one tboufand Jeven hundred and ten 5 and the fum of four hundred twenty four tboufand /even hundred ninety one pounds, five Jhillings, and four pence farthing for tranfport fervice, to the nine and twentieth day of September, one tboufand feven hundred and ten; and the fum of one million and eighteen tboufand fix hundred fifty fix pounds,feventeen J,hillings, and nine pence farthing, for the principal and intereft money, due to the nine and twentieth day of September, one tboufand feven hundred and ten, on army and tranfport debentures, made out for the fervice of the laft war; and the fum of twelve tboufand twenty Jive pounds, and one /billing for the principal money and in-ter eft, to the nine and twentieth day of September, one tboufand

/even

2





<7fo-J	Anfiorfono AifttaS: 6.21;	i9|

feven hunittiand ten, of deficient tallies and orders fof money Uni oh an aH made in the eighth year of the reign of his kite rrtqjefty King S W. c. j. William the Third (of glorious meniory) and another an made in 1 &****» ***** the fir ft ycdr of your Majeftyi reign, for laying duties on coals, ctllm, *’gCg ^ ana cynders1 dnd the film 6f three hundred feventy eight thoufhnd\d.q.mtereft, eight hundred fifty nine pounds, five/hillings and eight pence farthing, & c. computed for debts incurred between the nine and twentieth day of September, one thottfahd feVen hundred and ten, and the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and ten, in the fevcral offices of the navy, victualling, and tranfport, and for in-terefi on the said army and tranfport debentures in that time; and rf*. the fum of nine thousand three hundred feventy and five pounds, noxerfubfidy* to fatify the money due upori accoimt of fubfidits to the eleftor of Hanover and diike of Zell, purfudnt to a treaty, bearing date the fourteenth day of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety andfix: all which fcveral fums Jo computed to be due and owing, as aforesaid, do amount in the zuhole to the fum of feven millions one hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred feVenty one pounds, ten/hillings and eleven pence, and the~intertft of such part of the fitid feveral debts as do carry interdl from the said five and twentieth day of December, one thousand jeven hundred and ten,, to the five ana ,twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, are computed to amount to the fum of eighty five thousand pounds; which being added to the said fum of feven millions one hundred twenty eight thousand S5000L hxi five hundredfeventy one pounds * ten /hillings, and eleven pence, makestercft* the total of the said debts amount to the fum offeven millions two hundred and thirteen thousand five hundred and feventy one pounds, test Jhillings, and eleven pence: And whereas there has been lent and advanced intor the receipt of your Majefifs Exchequer, purfuant to an a Cl made in the said eighth year of your Majefifs reign (amongfi other tffsxtat, & ijj things) for continuing feveral impofitions, additional impofitions, and duties upon goods imported to raife money by way of loan, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and ten, the fum of one miuion two hundred ninety fix thousand Jive hundred fifty two pounds, nine /hillings, and eleven pence three farthings: ana whereas thefunds by the said laft-mentioned aftfettled for payment of tht intereft of the said money lent, in purfuance of the said aft, do not yet take place, Jo that no interefi hath yet been paid upon or for the said money lent or advanced in purfuafice of the said aft, and the intereft du4 upon the said money on the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, is computed to amount to the fum of feventy four thousand eight hundred feventy five pounds, nineteen Jhillings, and one penny farthing ; and the said principal and intereft money, fo lent and due on the said laft-mentioned aft, do amount together, by computation, to the fum of one million three hundred fe- 1,37x4111.91.' venty one thousand four hundred twenty eight pounds, nine flnlhngs «<h va % and one penny 5 which being added to the above mentioned fum of feven millions two hundred and thirteen thoufandfive hundred feventy one pounds ten Jhillings, and eleven pence, above computed to be the total amount of the before-mentioned debts and deficiencies, will make the said debts and deficimios* and the principal and intereft money*

* V01. XII.	O	to





tg4	Anno nono AtfUM, c.zx*	[17105

to the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand /even hundred and eleven, due upon the /aid aft of the eighth year of your Majefifs reign, amount together in the whole to the fum of eight millions five hundred eighty five thousand pounds; the interefi of which said fum of eight million; five hundred eighty five thousand pounds, from the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand[even hundred and eleven, to the five and twentieth day ^December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, being computed at the rate of fix pounds per centum per 3863*51 in-	annum, doth amount unto the fum of three hundred eighty fix thoufand

icrcit	three hundred and twenty five pounds \ which being added to the faid

fum of eight millions Jive hundred eighty five thousand pounds, makes the Jum total of the laid debts, fums of money and interefi, to the said five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven amount to the fum of eight millions nine hundred feventy one thousand three hundred twenty five pounds : and whereas great part of the tallies and orders ftruck, made, andjjgnedfor the said money, lentm S Annx, c. 13. purfuanee of the said aft made in the jatd eighth year of your Majefifs reign, are in the hands of the refpeftive treafurers or paymofiers of your Majefifs navy, and land forces, andof your Majefifs ordnance, and tranjport fervice, or other publick offices, and cannot be difpofed of without great loss and difcount, and to the damage of the publick credit; and other part of the tallies and orders, ftruck, made out, and ftgned for other part of the find monies lent or advanced in pur-fuance of the said lafi-mentioned aft, are or may be in the hands of such perfnn or persons as may be better pleafed with the perpetual interefi, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and the privilege of trade, and other privileges and advantages by this aft granted: now we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and faithful fubje6ts, the commons of Great Britain ia parliament aflembled, being duly afFc&ed with the deepeft fenfe of the happinefs we enjoy under your Majefty’s moft gracious and wife adminiftration, and being truly defirous to do all that becomes dutiful and faithful fubje&s, to render happy and glorious the reign of the bed of lovereigns, and having taken into our mod ferious confideration all the said debts and deficiencies, and the many ill confequences which may arife to. the publick thereby (if nof timely remedied) and being heartily s^ealous to preferve the honour of your Majedy and the nation, and to edablilh the publick credit, and to enable your jefty to prosecute the present war, (fo neceflarily entered into); with the utmod vigour, until fu^h a peace shall (by the hkffing of Almighty God) be obtained, as may be for the honour or. your Majerfy, and tfie lading fecurity of your kingdoms, and your allies, have agreed (in order to make a provifion for the. ; laid deb^s, deficiencies, and fums of money, before computed to ,	amount to the said fum of eight millions nine hundred feventy

500000I. cur- one thousand three hundred and twenty five pounds, and foe rai-* rent lervice. fing ^ father 0f gve hundred thouiand pound for the for-vice of the present year, which makes the total fum, computed to be provided for by this a£t, to amount to the dim of nine millions four hundjea feventy one \houftnd three hundred and 1	'	twenty



4	710-j	Anno nono Ann^j. c. 21. .	195

twenty f^ve pounds) to give and grant to your Majefty such fup**

]}liesas are herein after mentioned, for paying an intereft or annuity after jfie rate of fi* pounds per centum per annum for all the said fums of money, debts, and deficiencies, until the principal money shall be paid, as herein after is mentioned, which, by, the computation aforesaid, doth amount unto the annual funk of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy ninq pounds, and ten (hillings; and that a good, fure, and lading fund may be fettled and eftablifhed for paying the said intereft or annuities, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum9 by quarterly payments, amounting in the whole, by compu-. tation, to the laid fum of five hundred fixty eight thousand two^ hundred feventy nine pounds, apd ten (hillings, we do give 3nd grant to your Majefty, your heirs and fuccefTors, for the purpofes a.orefaid, the fupplies, impofitions, and duties herein after mentioned $ and do mod humbly befeech your Majefty to accept thereof, and that it maybe enadted; and be it en-jm goons' adted by the Queen’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the &c. 8 Ann.4 advice andconfent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- c. 13. con-mOns, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho- brwed from rity of the fame, That all and every the impofitions, additional forever I7a°* impofitions, rates, duties, and charges upon all wines, vinegar, and tobacco, and upon all Eajl India goods, and wrought filks, and upon all whale-fins, and upon all or any other goods <?r merchandizes whatfoever* which by the said adt made in the said eighth year of her said now Majcfty’s reign, were granted, continued, g Ann*, c.134 dr made payable to her said Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors* from the lan day of July9 one thousand feven hundred and fix-teen, to the firft day of Auguft^ one thousand feven hundred and twenty, shall by virtue of this adt be further granted and continued, and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fuc-cefifors, upon and for all wines, vinegar, and tobacco, and all wrought filks, and whale-fins, and upon all other the like goods and merchandizes as are by the said adts, every or any of them* charged or chargeable with the said rates, duties, impofitions* or additional impofitions, or any of them, and which shall be brought or imported into Great Britain, from the lad day of yufyy one thousand feven hundred and twenty, for ever j an$ mat all and every the adt and adts of parliament (which by the &id adt made in the said eighth year of her said Majefty’s reign* were continued to the said firft aay of Auguji, one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and all the powers, provifions, penalties,. articles, and cliufes *m the said adts, every or any of them, mentioned or contained (except as in the said adt of the said eighth year of her said Majefty’s reign, and herein after, is excepted) as for and concerning the said rates, duties, impofitions* and additipnal impofitions, and every or any of them re-fpiedtively* hereby granted, continued, or made payable, shall continue and bq V full force and effedl for ever, and shall be (cveralljj appli^^jpaj^ed, and executed, for, the raifing, levying, Getting, anfwcfing,' and paying the (aid refpedtive

O 2	rates.

 vJOOQlC

t$6	Anno nono Anna, c.ztl	(1710^

rate*, duties, impofitions, and additional impofrtiohgy every Or adiy of them, refpedivtly, by the fame refpedive ads granted, ana which are hereby continued, and made payable, ana aif arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this ad, xsif the fame ad$, and every of them, and all and every the daufes, matters, and things m them, and every of them refpedive ly mentioned or contained, had been again repeated, and particularly enaded in this present ad.^

Duty on to* It. Provided always, and be it enaded and declared by the bacco to be authority aforesaid, That the said duty upon tobacco, which levied accord- shall be impored within the times by this ad limited, and all ar>-rears ,^ereo^ ihall be fecured, colleded, raifed, levied, anfwer-7	"3* * °* ed, and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, in filch

method, and with such difcount and allowances, and according to such rules and diredions, and under such penalties, as are mentioned, referred to, or prefcribed (as to the duties or impo-fitions on tobacco) in and by the ad made in the parliament holden in the feventh year or the reign of his said late majesty King William the Third, intituled. An act for continuing frueral duties granted by former alts upon and , and Eaft India goods, and other merchandizes imported, for tarrying an the war agaitift France, and not otherwise.

Ill: Provided alfo, That in alj cafes where any other provi-fion or alteration is made by any ad or ads of parliament now _ in being, in or about any other matter or thing contained £ta lot*©Nerved. ^ a(qs 0f pariiamCnt hereby continued, or any 'of them, such other proVifions or alterations lhall be obferved for every any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enaded. That all and every the furplus monies arifing in the receipt of the Exchequer, on or for the said duties hereby continued, and such other duties as are men-

Alteratiom made by any aft in being

After payment of prin and in-

ctpal an

**re£ Ci’arge<* honed and contained in the former ads, whereby thefind duties alb, thefur-1" hereby continued were granted or continued to the firft day of plus' to be ap jAuguji,one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, after payment

of all such principal money and intereft, as by the fiud former ads are charged thereupon, and which by tne said ad in the

plied to the ufesof this

ibid eighth year of her Majefty’s reign are appropriated and applied to the purpofes in that ad mentioned, inall be, and by virtue of this ad are, appropriated and made applicable to the ufes and purpofes in this ad mentioned and contained, and no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; any thing in the laid laft-mentioned ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

1 Ann*, ftat.i. V. And whereas by the said aft made in the said eighth year of her «. 13* said Metjejiy's	reign,it is e That immediately from and after

the time that all principal and	fecured	by	dn	aft of

the firjl year of her MajeJIy's reign, intituled. An ad for making good deficiencies, and for preferring the publick credit, jbosud be fully paid off aridfatisfied, or that fetfficient monies Jbould be refero-ed in the Exchequer for that purpofe, then all the monies which from thenceforth, nntil thcfrjl day of Augufty whiffy	the	jrur





9f

17*0.) Anno Bono Annjb. c.n;	197

of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and	, should , or

be due or payable, or be fecurcd or in arrear, of and for the duties upon fait and rock fait therein mentioned (except the neceffary charges of raifng, levying, collecting, and accounting for the fame) Jhall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of Exchequer, and Jhall be tjfued and applied, fo far as the fame will extend, to and for the payment and fatisfaction of the interejl which Jhall, from time to time, grow due for the monies ivhich Jhall be lent upon, or in purfuance of the said atl of the said eighth year of her Majefy s reign, or any of the powers or claufes therein contained, and to none other ufe, intent, or purpofe ivhatfcever; any law or cufom to the contrary notwithjlanding: now it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority aforesaid.

That immediately from and after the time that all the principal And also ths and intereft monies fecured by the said laft-mentioned aft of the duties upon said firft year of her said Majefty’s reign, fhall be fully paid off and fatisfied, or that fufficient monies fhall be referved in the c> T3.	*

Exchequer for that purpofe, that all the monies which from Tkefe duties thenceforth for ever fhall arife, or be due or payable, or be fe- repealed cured, or in arrear, of and for the said duties of fait and rock ^e°>2/r_c*20* fait, (except the neceffary charges of raiftng, levying, collefting, wards wived and accounting for the lame) fhall, from time to time, for eyer for other ufes by be paid into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer, and shall be 5 Geo*c-6-iffued and applied for the purpofes in this aft contained, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever ; any thing in the said aft of the said eighth year of her Majefty’s reign, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Funds %

That all the monies that shall come into the receipt of the Ex- ^""o^iated chequer, upon or for all and every the rates, duties, impofitions, to the^fes^f and additional impofitions, which were granted or continued by this aft. the said a<51 of the said eighth year of her Majefty’s reign, from

the laft day of July, one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, to the firft day of Augujl, one thousand feven hundred and twenty, and all arrears thereof, fhall be applied and appropriated, and they are hereby appropriated to the ufes and purpofes of this aft, ana to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever ; any thing in the said aft of the said eighth year of her Majefty’s reign, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said rates, duties, impofitions, and additional impofitions, and every of them refpec-tively, fhall be raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, and paid, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and fubjeft to, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabili-ties, as is and are contained in the said aft of the fafd eighth year of her Majefty’s reign.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, DutIfs upon That the feveral duties upon candles, which by an act made in upon derks, the said eighth year of her said now Majefty’s reign, intituled, apprentices* An atl for laying certain duties upon candles, and certain rates upon and fervants, monies to be given with clerks, apprentices, and fervants, towards8 Ann*, c. 9. raiftng her Majefy* s fupply, for the year one thousand feven hundred™™1^ or and teiiy were granted to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors,

O 3	for





Anno iionQ. Anna*. 21	C‘7^5

for the term of five years, to be reckoned from the. firff day of May, one thousand feven hundred and ten, (hall, by virthfe df this aft, be further continued, and be payable, as .well upon aL0 •wax candles and candles called or fold for wax candles (notwith-ftanding the mixture of any other ingredients therewith) as upon all tallow candles, to be imported into, or made irt any part of Great Britain, from and after the firft day of May, Which mall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fif-» teen, for ever\ and also that the said feveral rates upon monies to be given with clerks, apprentices, and fervants, which were granted to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, by the said tail-mentioned aft, for the term of five years, to be reckoned from the firft day of May,one thousand feven hundred and tco* shall be further continued, and be payable for and upon all monies or other confideration to be given with clerks, apprentices^

.	or fervants, as in the fame aft are mentioned, from and after

the firft day of May, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fifteen, for ever; and tHat the fakj aft laft-mentioned, and all powers, provifions, penalties* articles, and cfaufes therein contained, as well for and concerning the find duties upon candles, and the said rates upon mar nies or other confideration to be given with clerks, apprentices, and fervants, fhall continue, and be in full fqrce for ever, and fhall be' applied, praftifed, and executed, for raifing, levying^ coflefting, anfweriftg, and paying, as well the said duties upon candles, as the said rates upon monies or other confideration tsj be given with clerks, apprentices, or fervants, hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor arid intent of this present aft, as fiifly, to all intents and purpofe$, a? if afl and every tfte claufes, powers, matters, and things in th£ feme aft contained, had been again in this aft repeated and particularly enafted.	.	' :

After princi- VTII. And whereas the said duties and impofitim fn candles* and pal, Sec. bor- rates tit monies or other copfderation to be given with 'clerks, q$rep-. rowed upon ticei,	fervants ^	which were granted by the laf-mentioned an, 'are

derks^ ap- thereby made fubjeft and liable to the fatisfatlion of certain principal prentiexs; See. ferns Which Were borrowed upon the fame aft, and the intereji due and shall be paid to be due for the fame, (which principal and inter ef are to be duly. off, then the pajc\ 0jf an£ difebdrged in the firjl place) now it is hereby further applted°to the declared anc^ enafted by the' authority afore fa id. That from anc£ ufes of this immediately after the tittle that all the principal and intereft mo-aft. 8 Annae, nies, which by the said laft-mentioned aft are charged or charge-v c* 9*	able on the feveral duties 6n candles, and rates on money orf*

other confideration td be given with clerks, apprentices, and fervants, shall be fully paid off and fatisfied, according to the true meaning of the said laft-menfiohed aft, or that fufficient money shall be referved in the Exchequer fair that purpofe then all the monies which from thenceforth flialf arife by the said impofi-tions on candles, and monies or other confideration to be given with derks, apprentices, or fervartts, which were granted by the said lalt-mcmioned ad, as aforesaid, (except the ncccflary ^

•"	’	'	charges	*





tf/io-l	Anno	nono Ann.*. c. 2 r.	19^

charges of raifing, levying, collecting, and accounting for the fame) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of the Exchequer diftinCtly, for the purpofes in this adt exprefled, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

IX.	And for the better fecuring the payment of the said in-tereft monies or annuities, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annumy upon and for all the said debts, deficiencies, and fums of money, intended to be provided for by this a& ; and that all * persons and corporations, concerned and to be concerned therein, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns re-fpedively, may have, receive, and enjoy, certain annuities or yearly payments, to be computed after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, for the feveral and refpeeftive monies to them refpedtively due, and to grow due, according to the true meaning of this aCl, and such fpecial benefit of trade, and other advantages as are hereafter in this a£t exprefled, fubjcCt never- Commiflion-thelefs to such power of redemption, as in this adl is provided ersof thecu-in that behalf; be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted ftomstokeep by the authority aforesaid, That the refpedtivc receivers general of the cuftoms in England and Scotland for the time being, at^^ 8 their refpeCtive offices, from time to time, lhall feparate and keep apart, all and every fum and fums of money arifing by such part of the feveral rates and duties, impofitions, and additional impofitions, and fums of money, hereby granted, continued, or appropriated, for the purpofes in this aCt mentioned, as is or shall be under the care or management of the refpetfive com-	-;

miflioners of the cuftoms for the time being, as the fame (hall, from time to time, arife or be paid into the refpeCtive offices of the said receiver general of the cuftoms, by the collectors of the fame, or by any other person or persons whatfoever ; and in like manner that the refpeCtive commiflioners and governors of the t^c co„. revenue or receipt of excife in England and Scotland for the time miflionersor being, at their refpeCtive head offices, from time to time, (lull the excife % feparate and keep apart all and every fum and fums of money a-rifing by such or such part of the feveral rates, duties, and fums of money, hereby granted, continued, or appropriated, for the purpofes in this ad mentioned, as is or shall be under the care or management of the said commiflioners and governors of the revenue, or receipt of excife, for the time being, as the fame (hall, from time to time, arife or be paid into the said offices of excife by the receivers or collectors of the fame, or by any other and the com-person or persons whatfoever; and also that the commiflTioners miflioners of for marking and (lamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, ^uries^ or for managing the duties thereupon for the time being, (hall, at their head office, caufc to be feparated and kept apart in like manner, all and every the monies arifing by the rates upon monies or other confideration to be given with clerks, apprentices, or fervants, hereby granted, continued, or appropriated, for the purpofes in this aa mentioned, which is under the care or management of the said commiflioners or managers laft-mention-ed; for the time being, as the fame (hall, from time to time, a-

O 4	rife

O

&Q0

The money to be paid weekly into the Exchequer.' *

Book* for entry to be kept in the Exche-ijuir.

Commiflion-Crs, &c. not ‘paying or misapplying the monies, forfeit their places, &c.

Anno jaonp Annjb, c.jzf.	.	{1710*

yife nr be paid into.tkefaid office of the said ftamps fcy the receivers or coDedors 6f the fame, xsr by any other person or pav fons whatfoever j and as well the find receivers general of the cu-ftoms, and the said commiffioners and governors of the said ner venue or receipt of excife in England, as the said commiffioners for marking yelluin, parchment, and paper, or for managing the duties thereupon, for the time feeing refpedjvely, are here-by required and ftridly enjoined, from time to time, for ever, to bay weekly, to wit, on Pvedmfday in every week, if it be not a nolyday, and if it Be, then the .next-day after that is not a holy-day, all and every the monies arifing by such pr such parts of 'ft*. feveral and refpedive duties, rates, impofitiopl, additional impofitions, and films of money, hereby granted, continued, or appropriated, as or fhall be under tjie care or manager ment pf the-faid coipmifliooers, governors, or managers refpecT tively, into the receipt of the exchequer of her Majefty, hqr heirs and fucceflors, diftind and apart from all other monies whatsoever; and the receivers general of the cuftoms and excife of Scotland for the time being refpedively, are hereby required and ftridly enjoined, from time to time, to tranfmit ana pay into the said receipt of the Exchequer in England, diftind and apart, as aforesaid, all the monies which fhajl arife in Scotland^ ks aforesaid, for the purpofes in this ad exprefled.

‘ X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid,That there shall be, from time to time, for ever, provided and kept in the Exchequer, (that is to fay) in the office of the auditor of the receipt, feveral books, in which all the monies which ought to be paid in weekly, or otherwise, as aforesaid, and which fhalj be brought into the fame receipt, fhall be entred apart and diftind from all other monies paid or payable to her Majefty, her ^ieirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever.

' 2fL And be it further enaded. That if the said receivers geT neral of the cuftopis, commiffioners, or governors of the revey nue or receipt of the excife, or the said cpmmifiioners formarfcT ing of vellum, parchment, and paper, or for managing the duties thereupon, for the time being refpedivdy, fhall refufe or negleift to pay, or caufe to be paid into the Exchequer, all or any the fqms appointed to be paid by them feverally, as afore~ faid, in such manner as they are refpedively required by this ad, or fhall divert dr mifapply any part of the fame, then they and every of them fo offending, (nail forfeit their feveral offices and places, and fhall be incapable to ferve her Majefty, her feeirs or fucceflors, m any office or place of profit or truft what* foever, and fhall be liable to pay double the value of all and every fum and fums of money fo diverted or mifapplied, with full cofts of fuit, to any person or persons, body politick or cor* porate, who fhall be entitled to any annuity or payment out of the fund by this ad fettled, and will fue for the fame forfeiture jyy adion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, founded upon this ad, in any court' of record1 of her Majefty, feer heirs or fucceflors, wherein no effoin, protedion, privilege





iyip>J Anno bqao Anna. c.ar.	101]

of parliament* ™' other privilege whatfoever, wager of Jaw* <* inore than one imparlance* shall be granted or allowed.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Nead office* That the head offices of die cuftoms and excife, and the chief

office for the marking of vplhun, parchment, and paper, (hall	far

for ever be feverally and refpedively continued, with a fuffident ever, number of com million ers, did a comptroller in each and every of them, for performing and executing such matters and thinge ps are by this alt enjoined to be done or performed by fiich coiah miflioners and comptrollers refpedively, according to the true meaning hereof.

XIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That the Comptroller* refpedive comptrollers in the (aid refeedive offices for the time in the refpec-being, (ball keep perfect and djftind accounts in books fairly dve office* ro Written, of all the monies which shall arife of or for the said fe- *“*P

yeral and refpedive imppikions, additional impositions, duties, themonie* a-rates, and mins of money, by this ad granted, continued, or riling by this appropriated, as the fame shall from time to time arife, or b$ •£. r?iic<l i to which books all perfoqs concerned shall have free ac-cels at all feafonable times, without fee or charge; and if any such comptroller or comptrollers, as aforesaid, mall negled his pr their duty therein, then he or they (b offending fluul forfeit; his or their office or offices, and places, and be rendred incar pable, as aforesaid, and shall also forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons, body politick or corporate, entitled to any annuity or payment by this ad, and that will fue for the fame, as aforesaid, together with foil cofts pf frit, to be recovered, as aforesaid.

' XIV. And be it further enaded, That if any colledor or re- CoDeftor, See. ceiver of any the impofirions, additional impofitions, duties,	*£*

fates, or fums of money, by this ad granted, continued, or ap-propnated, shall detain all or any part of the monies by turn col-	*	’

ledcjl or received, contrary to his duty, then he or they, for such ojffence, shall be difinitfcd from his or their employment, and he charged with intereft for this monies fo by him or them detained, alter the rate of twelve pounds tentum pnd bp liable fo anfwer treble damages to all and every person . pnd perfons, bodies politick or corporate, that shall be grieved by such detention, and who will (ue for the fame, in manner as aforesaid: and if any colledor or receiver of any of the said jmpofitions, additional impolitions, duties, rates, or fums of money, hereby granted, continued, or appropriated, shall divert or mifapply all or any part of the monies by him or them colleded or received, contrary to the true meaning of this ad, then he or they, for every pr any such offence, shall be difmifl-ed from his employment, and rendred incapable to ferve her her heirs and fucceffors, as aforesaid, and shall mon*-over forfeit double the fum or fums Co by him or them diverted pr mi&pplicd, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who frall be pntitled to any annuity or payment out



Dire&ions in iW.&M. fcff. i. c. x. revived,

-L

I

*tree/bry to cauje an account to be made quarterly till Dec* 1716, of all monies to come in upon the funds appointed.

Annbnftio Aftom. C. ti:r £tyi<£

ffle find W ft is aft fettled, afid will file for At fame, as afor6-faid.

XV.	And to the end the ftrtns by this aft Appropriated, may not be diverted or applied to any Other prirpofes than are hereby direfted or intended; be itfurther ehafted by the authority a-forefaid, That the rules and drreftrons appointed and ehafted hi one aft made ih the firft vpar of the reign of their said late ma-j JftHes King	WtStam and (^ueerr	intituled.	fir

granting to	their	MajeJHes ad did	6fi in the poundfit oni

year, for the ipeedy payment of mbney thereby granted into the receipt of Exchequer, by the colleftors and receivers, and fot the atftribution and application thereof, and keeping diftinft accounts of the fitmC, and all other provifions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures thereby ehafted, in case of diveffiott or mifappli-cation of any money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enafted to be in force, and (halt be applied, executed, and •put irrure, -forand concerning the diftribution and application of1 the (aid-hurts hereby appropriated, as fully, amply, and ef-foftuaHyi- As1 if the fame wife particularly repeated and re-en-aWed, ’ • -	. ■■■■■•■

: XVI.	Arrdwherias the finds'hereby fettled and appropriated ‘unit

hot be fufficient to pay alt the faid	the rate of fix

foundsper cerftutrt per arinum’, for dll the	and

Jams of money hrthcdtd to be provided fir by this	the	five

and twentieth day ^ Decern wr,’	on /even hundred

fien; to thr intent	a fiUffufficient, and unquefionabk	may

be made for -dill'thr faid	annuities, after the rate of fix pounds pet

centum per, annum, until ,tht fata five and twentieth day of December, onefhbufimdfieven hundred andfixteen; be it therefore enafted bytbeaufhority afore faid,1 That quarterly in every year, until-the. (aid five ana twehrietlr'day of December, one thousand fevert frundfed and'fbrteeh; tfiaiHs to fay, on or within twenty days next after every five and twentieth day of March, four ana twentieth day if June,nine and twentieth day of September, ahd five and tWentfftft day of Deedtrtber,whlchfnall be* before the fiVe and twett fifth day of Tftcerfihr, one thousand feven'hundred Snd fiktCen," the cbmtrtiffibners of th’e treaftiry how being. Of the lofchhigh treaftlrer, or cdirtmifiioners of the treafury for fte time feeing, fhall cabfe a true and exaft accourit; to be made df alf the'thbftes', Which bfi or before the said refpeftive quarter-tef-t&yitldff mentioned; (hall* have come or be brought into the rtefeipt ftf EXdheqaer, for or upon the said funds hereby appointed (the1 firft of Which accounts shall be madfe on or within twen-w days‘*ntefct after the fiveand twentieth day of	one

moufand'feVen hundred and' twelve;) and' if lipon making every Or any (udh Accounts, fo much monies as shall appear to have ftnhe irito the receipt of Exchequer, upon or for the said funds nttftly'appointed, • shall fall (Hbrt Of one fourth part of the said irinUal (um of five hundred (ixty-eight thoufand'two hundred feventy-rrirM: pounds, and ten- (hillings, or of (UdiprOportlOnable part thereof as shall be due, as herein after is mentioned, within

i;io*3	Annonono VWjtNa, £r$i;	a*>%

in or for thp jureccdirig.quarter of a year: and then and fo often,

and in every such cafe, it is hereby declared and enacfted, That Deficiency to

every such deficiency and deficiencies (hall, immediately after be made good

jthe fame flull appear, be provided for, anfwered, and made ^rer o^the

good, by or out of any such publick money, tallies, orders, or naVy Q]lt 0f

other parliamentary fecurities, as shall be then in the hands or tallies, orders,

power of the tyealurer or paymafter of her Majefty’s navy for&c*

the time being, when such deficiency fhall happen, upon which

there fhall not be at that time an atfual diredhon ; and in cafe

there fhall not be then fufjicient of such publick monies, tallies,

orders, or other parliamentary fecurities, in the hands or power

of the said treafurer or paymafter of the navy, as aforesaid, to

make good and complete such deficiency, then and in such cafe,

^11 the publick monies, tallies, orders, and parliamentary fecurities, which fhall (at the time of such deficiency happening) be in the hands or power of the treafurer or paymafter of her Majefty’s navy for the time being, upon which there fhall not at fhat time be an actual direction, fo far as the fame will extend, fhall be immediately paid and applied towards making good every such deficiency ; and the refidue and remainder of every such deficiency shall be made good, paid, anddifeharged by and out of the firft and next publick monies, tallies, orders, or parliamentary fecurities, which fhall come to the hands or power of the treafurer or paymafter of her Majefty’s navy for the time being (after every such deficiency fhall happen) and the fame shall not be applied or diverted to any other ufe; and the treafurer or paymafter of her Majefty’s navy for the time being, is and are Hereby authorized and required to make such payment and application for and towards making good such deficiency and deficiencies, as aforesaid, when and as often as the fame shall happen, without fee or charge, and without any further or other warrant or authority* .to he fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf from her Majcfty, her heirs or fucceffors, or any other person or perfpns whatioever; the said payment and application! tp be msule and paid to the calhier or treafurer of the said company or corporation to be erected in purfuance of this adi, for the ufe of the laid company or corporation.

\ XVII. And to the end the fervice of the navy may not be l${Tened, or prejudiced by such application of the money, tallies.

Orders, or other publick fecurities, which shall be in the hands cm* power of the treafurer or .paymafter of the navy, and which (nail be by him applied to the making good such deficiency, as An eftimate aforesaid; be it enabled by the authority aforelaid, That in theto be rponth of January, yearly and every year, until the said five andthrce^'reced-twentieth day of December, one thouland feven hundred and fix- jngCyear$^hovr teen, the commiflioners of the trtafury now being, or the lord much th® high treafurer, or cojnmiuioners of the treafury for the time be- fund* ing, shall caufe an eftimate or computation to be made by a me- Prodacc« drum of the three preceding years, how much the funds hereby fettled and appointed for payment of ,the said annuities, after the rate of fix pounds /#* centum per anuumy will produce for tfie eiw.

:	fuing





*<>4	Aaao	nono	Annjb. €.*f:	[17m;

fining year, commencing from the five and twentieth dayof December next enfuing such eftimate or computation, and how much the fame will fall lhort of anfwering and paying the said annual fum of five hundred fixty eight thou (and two hundred fevehty nine pounds, and ten millings, or such proportionable part To be laid be* thereof, as lhall be due, as herein after is mentioned; and mall fore the com- caufe the&id eftimate or computation to be laid before die com-nwn**	mons in parliament afiembled, at their then fefiion (if then ac-

tually fitting) or if the parliament lhall not be then fitting, in such cafe at their firft or next fefiion ; to the end a good, fuffi-cient, and effedual provifion and fupply may be grantedto her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, by parliament, for themaking good, for the fervice of the navy for that year, lb much monies as (hall, by such eftimation or computation, appear neceflary td make good such deficiency, to be accordingly granted or provided : but the delay of making such provifion by parliament, as is laft mentioned, lhall not be any Hop or detriment to th~ making good, in manner aforesaid, the deficiency which lhaU fo happen, as aforesaid, of and for the (aid funds hereby fettled and appointed for paving the said annual fum of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds and ten (hillings, or such proportionable part thereof, as shall be due, as herein after is mentioned, but the fame shall be anfwered, -paid, and made good in manner, as aforesaid; any thing herein contained, car any law, ftatute, or ufage of the navy, or other matter or thing, to the contrary in any wife notwitbfianding.

Calhierof the XVIII. And to the end the treafurer or paymafter of her' company to Majafty’s navy, for the time being, may be regularly difchaig-t give a receipt ed of all such pubiick monies, tallies, orders, and other parlia* er	BKntary fecurities, as he or they shall pay and apply towards

pr ne navy,	any	fuch	deficiency	of the (aid annual fum of live

hundred fixty eight thouland two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings, or of such proportionable part thereof, as lhall be due, ps herein after is mentioned; it is enabled. That the treafurer or calhier of the company or corporation to-be eroded in purfuance of this ad, lhall from time to time give a receipt or receipts in writing to the said treafurer or paymafter of the navy, for all such pubiick monies, tallies, orders, and other parliamentary fecurities, as he lhall fo apply or pay towards mak* Which receipt ing good such deficiency, as aforesaid; which receipt and re-frall be admit- ceipts lhall be a good and fufficient voucher and vouchers to the cientvoucher treafurer and paymafter of the navy for the fame, and lhall, ** yp r‘ in the palling of his and their accounts, be admitted and taken accordingly by the auditors of her Majefty’s imprefts for rite time being.

Trealbrer not	Provided	always,	and	be it further enaded. That if

paying, to in- the treafurer or paymafter of her Majefty’s navy, for the time pur like penal- being, lhall refufe or delay to make such payment and applicant at officer* turn, as aforesaid, of any of the pubiick monies, tallies, orders, ouerarTlkbie or other Pub^‘ck Securities, as shall be in his or their band or bands, or power, for er towards making good fuck deficiency

and

1710;} Anno tfond Annas; c.4i;	*0$

and deficiencies of the said annual fum of five hundred fexty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings, or of such proportionable part thereof, as shall be due, as herein after is mentioned, when and fo often as such deficiency or deficiencies shall happen, such treafurer and payma-fter of the navy shall incur the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as any of the officers of the Exchequer are hereby fubje&ed and made liable to for diverting or mifapplying any of the monies, which shall come into the receipt of the Exchequer, upon or for the funds hereby appointed for payment of the said annuities after the rate of (ix pounds per centum per annum, and to be recovered in like manner.

XX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, . l6gr That yearly and every year for ever, reckoning the nrft year to to be the'year-begin from the five and twentieth day of December, which shall ly fund*

be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fix-teen, the full annual fum of five hundred fixty-eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings, or such proportionable part thereof as shall be due, as is herein after mentioned, by or out of the monies to arife by the said feveral duties, as well upon fait and rock-falt, as upon wine, vinegar, tobacco, Eaft India goods, raw-filks, and other goods and merchandizes imported, granted, continued, or appropriated, and every of them, and to be brought into the receipt of Exchequer, in cafe the fame payments shall extend thereto; and in cafe the said weekly or other payments shall not amount to five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings per annum, or such proportionable part thereof as shall be due, as herein after is mentioned, then the said weekly monies, or other payments, fo far as the fame will extend, shall be part of the yearly fund for and towards the anfwering and paying the feveral and refpe&ive annuities, or yearly payments, in this aft hereafter exprefled.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That all the fums of money AUthe money arifing by the said rates, duties, impofitions, additional impo- by this aft fitions, and fums of money, by this aft granted, continued, or appropriated, as aforesaid, which (hall, from time to time, he^^ggood brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, or fo much thereof the yearly

as shall be fufficient to make up and complete the said yearly fund* fund of five hundred fixty-eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings, or such proportionable part thereof, to be due, as herein after is mentioned, shall be appropriated, fet apart, and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated for and towards the railing and making good the said yearly fund of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings, or such proportionable part of the fame, and shall be ifliied and paid out of the said receipt of Exchequer by the refpeftive officers of the fame, As herein after is mentioned, without fee or charge, and without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained from her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, in fhat behalf, and : *

6	(half





,	,	f	f * • • f

aotf	AnnononoANMA.	c.2r.'	£1710;

iliall be applied to and for the ufes and purpofes. in and by this, aft cxpreflea and intended, and to no other ufe, intent, or piir-pofe wfiatfoever; and that the refpeftive officers in the Exchequer, who fhall make any delay in ifliiing or paying the said money to the laid ufes by this aft intended, or fhall he guilty of diverting or mifapplying any of the said monies to any other ufe or purpofe, contrary to this aft, for any such offence, fhall be adjudged from their refpeftive offices and places, and be* rendred uncapablp to ferve her Majefty, her heirs "and fuccef-fors, in any office or employment of truft or profit whatfoever, and also fhall be liable to pay double the value of any fum or fujns fo delayed to be paid, or fb diverted or mifappliedi a*‘ aforesaid, to any corporation, or other person or penops thafc fhall be grieved thereby, and who will foe for the fame, to be recovered as aforesaid.

Deficiency to XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* bYMriiament. That in cafe the said duties arifing or appropriated by this adt fhall at any time or times appear to be fo deficient in the produce of the fame, as that within any one year, to be reckoned1 from and after the five and twentieth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fixteert, the laid weekly or other payments upon the fame rates or duties, fhall not amount to fo much as lfiall be fufficient to discharge and fatisfy the said yearly fum of five hundred fixty eight thoijr fand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings, or flich proportionable part tnereof, as aforesaid, by this aft appointed, or intended to be paid within or for the fame year re-fpeftivelv, that then, and fo often, and in every such cafe, it is hereby declared and enafted, That every such deficiency and deficiencies fhall be provided for, anfwered, and made good by or out of the next aids to be raifed and granted by parlia-ment, and fhall be appropriated and applied for and towards making good the deficiency which fhall fo happen of the faid' yearly fuin of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds^ and ten (hillings, or such proportionable, part thereof, as aforesaid, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in. cafe there fhall be any furplus or Remainder of the monies arifipg, by the r^tes and duties, qnd fums of money granted or appro* efaar^iiig pnn- p^ted by this ad, at the end of any one year after all the said annuities, charges, and payments, direded or aufhor^ed by this ad, fhall be fully fatisned, paid, and discharged, or money fufficient fhall be referved for that purpofe, such furplus or re-, majnder fhall be applied, from time to time, for and towards paying and difeharging the principal money of the said capital ftock of the said intended company, fo far as the fame will,; from time to time, extend; and that the said yearly fum of five-hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, s*nd ten ibiflings, or such proportionable part thereof, 3s is intended by this aft to be provided for, fliarf be> from time to

time.

Surplus to be applied towards dif-

 v^,ooQle

jfioJJ Annonono Annje. c. 21#	idf

time, leffened and abated in proportion to such part of the fai<T principal or capital ftock of the said company, which shall be to paid off; that is to fay, that out of the yearly fum of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy-nine pounds, and ten (hilhngs, to be annually payable to the said company by virtue of this aft, and according to the true meaning thereof, there shall be dedufted fo much money yearly and every year, as shall be after the rate of fix pounds per centum per an-mm for the principal fum, which shall be fo paid off and dif-charged* or which the capital ftock of the said company shall really and bona fide cohftft of, for the time being, lefs than the1 said principal or capital ftock, or fum of nine millions four hundred feventy one thousand three hundred and twenty five pounds ; ‘ such deduction and deduftions to begin and be made from such refpeftive time and times as such principal money lhall be fa paid off and difcharged, or the said capital (lock fo lefiened, as' aforesaid: it being the true intent and meaning of this aft, that the annuity fo to be paid, by virtue of this aft, unto the said intended company or corporation to be erefted in purfuance of this aft, shall be after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum for every hundred pounds, which the principal or capital ftock of the said company or corporation (hall, for the time being, confift of, and proportionably for a lefler fum than one . hundred pounds, and not any further or other fum or fums in; refpeft of the said annuity.

XXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and en- on one year's

afted, That, at any time, upon one yearis notice, after the notice, after five and twentieth day of December, in the year of our Lord	17I^»

one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, upon repayment parliament of the principal fum, of which the capital ftock ofylcs toceafe." the said intended company (hall, for the time being, confift. Explained by unto the refpeftive contributors of the fame, or to such person Ann*c* 3®* or perfbns as by, from, or under them, shall be entitled to the

faid annuity or (hares of the said yearly fund or capital ftock* in refpeft of the fame, and of all arrears of the said annuities or yearly payments, or upon payment out of such furplus money, as aforesaid, of all the said principal or capital ftock of the said intended company, and all arrears of the said annuity payable to them, as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth all and every the impofitions, and additional impofitions, duties, rates,; rind fums of money hereby granted, continued, or appropriated,

(hall and may be difpofed of by parliament; and also the said yearly fund charged thereupon, and the said annuities ifliiing out of the fame, shall abfolutely ceafe and determine; any thing; herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV.	And forafmuch as it will be for the great eafeand advantage of the persons concerned in the said debts and deficiencies, that they fbould be made one fociety or company, and that the, payments from

the Exchequer will be much eafeer made to such fociety, or their cafhiersr	#	,

far the ufe of and to be by them difiributed to the refpeftive perfons, mttrifled in the said debts, deficiencies, and other monies, intended *	"	2	to

*o$	Annonono	Ann-®.	c.2i.	fiyioj

U he hereby ebargeden the said funds* than if tin farm wen te be paid in the ufual forms of the Exchequer to every person concerned ? and to the end and intent that the trade to the South Seas9 aodr if M * rt-v ot^er Parts within the limits herein after mentioned*, may be. 55letters m- carr^ on f°r honour and increafe of the wealth and notes of tents may m- this, realm; be it enadled by the authority aforesaid9 That itr corporate the shall and may be lawful for her Majefty, her heirs audfuccef-ewnpany. fors, by letter^ patents under the great foal of Gfeat Britain* tor incorporate all and every the person and perfons, natives and foreigners* bodies politick or corporate, who are and shall bo interned in or entitled unto, any of the bills, tickets; debentures, or certificates, or other publick debts, deficiencies, or fums of money, intended to be provided for by this ad,' and all and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate*; who as executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors,' or affigns, or by any other lawful title, derived or to be derived from, by, or under the original proprietors, at any time or times hereafter*' shall have and be entitled to any part, (hare,, or intereft of or m the (aid yearly fund by this adt fettled, as aforesaid, fo long as they refpedtiveiy shall have any such part, (hare, or intereu therein, to be one body politick or corporate, in deed and in: name, and by such name as her Majefty, her heirs or fuceefibrr shall think fit, and by that name to have perpetual fucceffion*-and a common feal, with power, from time to time, to choofe tBeir governors, directors, and other officers, in such manner*^ and under such qualifications, as to the eledtors and eleded, as (hafl be diredted in such letters patents; the firft governor and diredtorsito be nominated by her Majefty, her heirs and fuo-cedars in the said letters patents, the (aid firft governor and di-redtors being fo qualified, as, all fubfequent governors and di-xedtors shall be qualified, and to continue in their refpedhve offices for one year only •* and that the persons fo incorporated and their fuccefiors, by the fame name, shall be able and ca-' pable in law to have, purchafe, receive, enjoy, pofiefs, and re-, tain, to them and their fuccefiors, lands, rents, tenements, and hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly value of one thousand pounds, together with (uch powers, capacities, privileges, immunities, and advantages, and fubjedt to and under such rules*-conditions, limitations, and reftridtions, as her Majefty, her heirs or fuccefifors, in her or their great wifdom shall think fit,-and to do and execute all and Angular matters and things by the fame name that to them shall or may appertain to do.

Her Majefty XXVI. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority a-by the (aid forefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Maje-r ^ ber heirs and fuccefiors, by the (aid letters patents of cor-rdX poratidn, or by any commission or commissions under the great ordering of	feal of Great Britain* to be granted before or after the said let-

the tallies,	ters patents, to diredt and appoint how and in what manner

yint-ftock, the tallies and orders, bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures* intended to be provided for by this adt, and also the money kereby fended (o be. made part of (he capital ftock of the faid

corporation*



I7i0*T Annonofto AnnJb. aar.	20?

corporation, upon account of the publick, fhall or may be fub- ' lcribed, admitted, or taken into, or be made part of the laid capital ftock of the said company or corporation ; and also to diredl how and in what manner such part of the ftock of the said corporation, which is hereby intended to be for the ufe of the publick, shall and may be dilpofed and applied to the ufe of the publick, and accounted for; and also how and in what 1 manner the said tallies, orders, tickets, certificates, bills, or I	debentures, intended to be taken into the joint ftock of the faid

;	corporation, fhall or may be difpofed of, discharged, and ac-

counted for ; and also how the property of all persons intereft-r	ed in the said tallies, orders, tickets, certificates, bills, or de-

I	bentures, fhall or may be afeertained, adjufted, and fettled ;

}	and also that her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefTors, fhall and

I	may, in and by such commiftion and commiftions as is laft-

r	mentioned, direel: the commilTioners therein to be named, how

;	and in what manner to proceed in the execution of such com-

(	million or commiflions ; and also that it fhall and may be law-

l	ful to and for her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefTors, in and by

jj	the said letters patents of incorporation, or by such commiftion

n	or commiftions, as aforesaid, to direeft how and in what man-

N	ner the proper officers of the Exchequer for the time being may

i,	know and be informed how much the capital ftock of the faid

j;	company doth, for the time being, conlift of, and all other

f	things requifite thereunto, that fo the proper officers of the Ex-

j	chequer may know whether they are to pay to the calhier of

j	the said company, to the ufe of the said company, the faid

whole annual fum of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings, or only a proportionable part thereof.

XXVII.	And whereas great part of the debt of the navy and victualling, and for tranfport fervice, and of the office of ordnance, is I afeertained by bills or debentures payable in courfe, and other part of the debt of the navy is also afeertained by tickets made out for wages to feamen, and others who ferved on board any of her Majeftfs flips, but great part of the said debt is for wages due to the feamen and | workmen in her Majejiys docks and yards, for which the refpeftive perfons, to whom the fame is due, have no bills, tickets, or debentures to afeertain the fame \ be it therefore enabled by the autho- Commiflion-rity aforesaid. That the commiflioners of the navy for the time era of the na-

being shall and arc hereby required forthwith to caufe an exad	an

1	1	7	.	n	1 « ,. -	■■	,	./•	account or

and true account to be made up and delivered unto the commif- due

fioners of the treafury now being, or the lord high treafurer, or from the navy

the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, of the re- on *5

fpedhve fums due from the Arid navy office, as well upon bills ^^ivered to

in courfe upon the second regifter book, as for the bills in courfe t\lt treafury.*

in the present regifter book, on or before the five and twentieth Tickets for

day of AJarch, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, as well Teamens wa- f

for principal as for intereft, and also of all tickets made out, on

I or before the said five and twentieth day of Alarch, one thou- f 1,4.

fond feven hundred and eleven, for the wages of feamen, or

Vol. XII.	P	others.

ara	Annaocmo AmiM. c.%u	Cl7ie-

others, who have ferved on board any of her Majefty’s (hips ; And also the and a^° that l^c commiffioners of the vi&ualling, and the com-commiflioners miffioners of tranfports, and the officers of her Majefty’s office for vi&ualing, of ordnance refpe&ively, shall and are hereby required forth-rmi^oitsand wjtk ^ caufc a true and exadt account to be made up and de-*** Iivered to the commiffioners .of the treafury now being, op the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the thne being, of all the feveral and refpedlive fums due from thofe feveral and refpedtive offices, to the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and eleven inclufivc, for which certificates or debentures, payable in courfe, are or shall have been made forth: and the commiffioners of the treafury now being, or the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the* treafury for the time being, shall and are hereby required to caufe all the said debts of the said feveral offices of the navy, victualling, tranfport, and ordnance, for which such bills* tickets, certificates, or debentures are, or, as aforesaid, shall have been made out, to be cafl up into one total fuen, and shall likewife caufe to be cad up in one total fum, the feveral fums herein before mentioned to be computed to be the debt of all thofe feveral offices; and shall add to the said lad mentioned total fum, the fum of five hundred thousand pounds herein before mentioned and agreed to be charged upon the funds hereby fettled, as part of the provifion lor this present yearly fer- -vice; and shall caufe to be deducted out of the fums laft mentioned, the fum total which all the debts of the offices of the navy, victualling, tranfport, and ordnance, to the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and eleven inclufive, as well for principal as intereft, shall amount to, and. for which such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures are or Whichdebts,	(hall	have	been made out; and fo much as	(hall remain of the

part of the*	tQta*	^um	here*n computed to be the debt	of the (aid offices,.

capital (lock and of the said five hundred thousand pounds for this year’s fer-of the com-	*	vice,	added together, after such dedu&ion	thereout, as afore-

&any a	^ai<^	^a^	^ an^ ^ deemed and taken to	be publick money,

c^io° tb§nJu- afu* be made part of the capital flock of the company, to ties fronted be eredted by virtue of this adt, for the ufe of the publick, in* ip ttii a£l may such manner as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, by the be 4\jMed oj said letters patents of incorporation, or any commission or com-onrep^meot' mi^10ns nnder the great feal of Gnat Britain,, or by privy feal if the\print- or fign manual, shall think fit and diredt; and the fame, and pal	the produce thereof, shall be difpofed and applied, either for or

By i Geo. i. towards paying the relidue of the said debts, or for or towards. ul,o\*L +s. any ot^er publick ufes, for which a fupply has been, or shall 3 d! are be granted by parliament, and not otherwise; and the loss or to the capital difeount (if any) by or upon the £aid ftbek in the find companyv Jtock.	for the uie of the publick, shall be accounted for, and the re-

fpedtive persons accountable for the fame, or any part thereof, shall be discharged from such loss or difeount, in such manner.

, as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, by the said letters parents of iucoq>oration, or by any comouffioo under the great 6	v	leal

lyio.)	Anno	nono ANNj*. e. 2*.	fci?*

fcal of Great Britainy or by privy fcal or fign manual, shall direct.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Tallies and

faid, That all such tallies and orders made out, in purfuance of orders, 8 Ann. the firft herein recited or mentioned adfc, of the eighth year of pubiVclToffice^ 'her Majefty’s reign, which on the firft day of May^ one thou- omMay,i7u, land feven hundred and eleven, were in the hands or power of to be made any of the treafurers or paymafters of any of the publick offices, P*rt lh* shall or may be fubferibed, admitted, or taken into, and made ,0U1	^

part of the joint ftock of the said intended corporation, for the

ufe of the publick, in such manner as her Majefty, her heirs or Atcceflors, by such commission or commiffions, as aforesaid, or by jarivy fcal or fign manual, or any three or more of the com-xnifiioners of the treafury now being, or the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, by writing under his or their hand or hands,

(hall diredl and appoint5 which orders fo to be brought into the joint-ftock of the said company, shall be discharged from being paid in courfe, according to the said laft mentioned adl 8 Ann. c. 9, of the said eighth year of her Majefty’s reign, but there ihall be allowed for the principal and intereft due for the fame, to be computed as herein after is mentioned, an annuity after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum for every hundred pounds, the fame being fo computed, shall amount* unto, and fo pro-portionably for any lefler fum than one hundred pounds, and a proportionable part of all other privileges and advantages by this alt granted to the said company : and all the ftock in the said company, which shall be had for the said tallies and orders,

(hall be, and be deemed publick monies, and the fame and the produce thereof, shall and may be applicable and applied to such publick ufes as the said tallies and orders might have been applied to, or to any other publick ufe or ufes for which a fup-ply has been or shall be granted by parliament, and not other-wife ; and if any lofc or difcount shall happen by the said ftock, the; nrefpe&ive person and persons who are accountable for the laid tallies and orders, or who shall be accountable for the said ftock, shall and may be discharged of such loss or difcount (if any) in their accounts, in such manner as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, by such commiffion, as aforesaid, or by privy feal or lign manual, shall diredfc or appoint.

XXIX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, persons That all and every person and perfons, bodies politick or cor- refted in such porate, who shall be interefted in, or entitled unto, any bills bills, See. on or debentures, payable in courfe, out of her Majefty’s feveral

offices of the navy, victualling, tranfport, or ordnance, which admitted into

were dated made or received in thofe refpective offices, on or the joint ftock*

before the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven

hundred and eleven, or to any certificates or debentures made

out for the army, or for tranfport fervice for the late war, (hall

and may be admitted into the joint ftock of the said company,

and be and become unembers thereof, in proportion to fuch

P 2	fum





aii	Artno	nono Anna. C.2t^	[*7ipfc

fom and Turns as they shall be To entitled unto, to be computed, 'as herein after is mentioned, in such manner and form as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, by the said letters patents of u •wti t~ incorporation, or by such cotnmiffion orcommiffions, as afore-carryingSm-C (ball direlt; and that all the said bills, tickers, certificates, terett shall be or debentures, and the' money due thereupon, tfhall, in order computed in to their being admitted into the said joint (lock, be oaft up and behfr admit”* C0mPutC(^ as followeth, (that is to fay) the principal fums of ted'mto the” bill, ticket, talley, certificate, or debenture, and the injoint dock. tereft of such of them as do carry intereft, to the five and twentieth day of Marche one thousand feven hundred and eleven, shall be added together, and thereunto shall be added fo much as the intereft of such principal and intereft, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, from the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, to the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, shall amount unto; and fo much as each and every bill, ticket, certificate, or debenture, which doth carry m-'	tereft,	(hall amount unto, (computed, as afbrefiud) shall be the

fum for which such bill, certificate, or debenture, shall be admitted into the joint (lock of the said company; and as for such of the said bills, certificates, tickets, or debentures, as do not carry intereft, there shall be added to the principal fum of each of them, fo much money as the intereft thereof, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, from the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, to the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven How bills not hundred and eleven, shall amount unto; and fo much as each and every such bill, ticket, certificate, or debenture, (hall, with the addition of such intereft as is laft mentioned, amount unto, shall be the fum for which such bill, ticket, certificate, or debenture shall be admitted into the joint flock of the said company ; and that all dnd every person and perfons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, who arc or shall be poflefled of, interefted in, or entitled unto, any of the said bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, (hall, for every hundred pounds which the fame shall amount unto, being computed as aforesaid, have a credit, (hare, or intereft in the joint flock of the (aid company for one hundred pounds, confequcntly for an annuity of fix pounds per cjentum per annum, till redeemed, as in this alt is mentioned, and fo proportionally for a kfs fum, than one hundred pounds.

XXX.	And be it further cnalted by the authority aforesaid. That any person or persons, natives or foreigners, who are or shall be poflefled of, interefted in, or entitled unto, any of the

________^	tallies	or	orders made out in pursuance of the said alts of the

to be admitted ninth year of his late majesty King William the Third, and of the into the joint firft year of her said now Majefty’s reign, for laying certain dt*-ties on coals, culm, and cynders, (hall, for fo much as the principal and intereft of such tallies and orders, to be computed in such manner as is herein before direltcd, concerning the

2	COin-

carrying m-tereft shall be computed.

Perfons. having tallies on 9 W.3.C. 13. and 1 Annx, ftat. 1. c. 4.

dock#



17to.]	Anno	nono	Annm. c. 21.	i	rj

computation to be made of principal and intereft upon and Tor such of the navy and vi&ualling bills as do carry intereft, be admitted into, and made members of the said intended cor* poration, and shall have and be entitled unto a proportionable part of the yearly annuity or fund payable to the said corporation, and of all other privileges and advantages granted to the said corporation, in such manner as her Majefty, her heirs of fuccefibrs, by the said letters patents of incorporation, or by such commiftion or commiffions, as aforesaid, shall dired or appoint.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, persons hllv_

That any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies po- jng taujcs 0^ fitick or corporate, who are or shall be poflefted of, interefted 8 Ann. c. 9. in, or entitled unto, any of the tallies and orders made forth (except in the in purfuance of the (aid firft herein recited or mentioned ad of ^cafurers ^of the eighth year of her Majcfty’s reign, (other than of such of thc pubiiek the said tallies and orders made out in purfuance of the said laft offices on mentioned ad, as were, on the said firft day of May, one thou- 1 May* i*?) fand feven hundred and eleven, in the hands or power of the	nto*t

treafurers and paymafters of the publick offices, which are al- jomt fo** ready hereinbefore direded to be taken into the joint ftock fore 15 Dec. of the said corporation) and shall be minded and defirous *711.

to bring ftich tallies and orders into the said joint ftock of the said corporation, and shall fignify such their mind and defire in writing, to the managers or diredors of the said corporation, on or before the said five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, every such person and persons fo fignifying their mind and defirc to be admitted into the joint ftock of the said corporation, for or in refped of the said tallies and orders, (hall, for fo much as .the principal and intereft of such tallies and orders, (which they shall fo defire to be taken into the (aid joint ftock) to be computed in such manner as is herein before direded concerning the computation to be made of principal and intereft upon and for such of the navy and victualling bills as do carry intereft, be admitted into gnd made members of the said intended corporation, and shall have and be entitled unto a proportionable part of the yearly annuity or fund payable to the said corporation, and of all other privileges and advantages granted to the said corporation, in luch manner as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, by the said letters patents of incorporation, or by such commiftion or com-miflions, as aforesaid, shall dired or appoint.

XXXII.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it further en- Diredors may

aded by the authority aforesaid. That it fhall and may be law- admit, after fill to and for the managers and diredors of the said iniended incorporation, at any time after the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, if they (hall	]	’

fo think fit, tn admit into the joint ftock of the said corporation, or to purchafe, payoff, and discharge, (in order to the admiflion into the joint ftock of the said corporation, and to admit the fame accordingly into the said joint ftock) all or any

P3	of





<114.	Anno	nono Ann.®. c.2i.

of the tallies and orders made forth in purfuance of the (aid lad mentioned adl of the said eighth year of her said Majefty’s reign; and the said tallies and orders shall be taken and admitted into the said joint (lock, for such fum as the principal and intereft, which shall be due upon the fame refpedlively, shall amount unto, at the time or timds of their admiffion into the said joint (lock; and all the tallies and orders made forth in purfuance of the said lad-mentioned adt of the eighth year of her said Majefty’s reign, which (hall, as well before as after the (kid five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, be taken or admitted into the said joint (lock of the said corporation, shall from thenceforth be dif-charged from being payable in courfe out of the funds fettled by the said adl; and the refpedtive owners and proprietors thereof shall from thenceforth, in lieu thereof, have and be entitled to an annuity, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, for the refpedlive fums they shall amount unto, and proportionally for a lefier fum than one hundred pounds, to be paid out of the annual fund by this adl made payable to the said company, until the said fund shall be redeemed, as in this adt is mentioned.

Taffies, &c. XXXIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the au-not taken ,nt°thority aforesaid. That until all the tallies and orders, made mVe paidout^ort^in Pur^uance of the said lad-mentioned adl of the said eighth of the monies year of her said Majefty’s reign, shall be taken and admitted in-priftng by to the joint Hock of the said corporation, a diftindt and feparate I Anna?, c. 9. account shall be kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the Exchequer, of all the monies which shall arife or come into the said receipt of the Exchequer, which, by the said laft-mentioned adl of the said eighth year of her Majefty’s reign, were applicable or appropriated to the payment of the principal or intereft upon the said tallies and orders made forth in puriu-ance of that adt $ and the refpedlive owners and proprietors of the said tallies and orders, which shall not be taken or admitted into the joint (lock of the said corporation, shall have and receive, and be entitled to have and receive the intereft and principal upon and for such tallies and orders, by and out of the monies arifing and coming into the receipt of the Exchequer, which by the said laft-mentioned adt of the said eighth year of her Majefty’s reign, wrerc applicable or appropriated to the payment of principal and intereft upon or for the tallies and orders made forth in purfuance of that adl, in such and the like manner, proportion, and courfe of payment, as the fame might or (hould nave been paid, had not this adl been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wrife notwithstanding. Till 15 Dec. XXXIV. And be it Further enadted by the authority afore-1713, the an- That until the five and twentieth day of December, which *68*701? 10s. bc year our Lord one thousand feven hundred and n> be paid to thirteen, the whole and entire annual fum of five hundred fixty the corpora- e^ght thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten fhil* Imgs, shall be paid to the said corporation in such manner as in

and



215

f7io.]	Anno	nono	ANNiE.	c.	21.

and by this act is direCfed, without any addition to, or deduction or abatement out of the fame ; and that within thirty days In ^0 days after the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven after direftors hundred and thirteen, the managers or directors of the said in- ^ount^be^ tended company or corporation, shall caufe an exadl account to made tlie be made of the fum total which the capital flock of the said fum total of company shall then confift of, and also of the particular tallies the capital and orders, bills, tickets, certificates, and debentures, which ftock> &c* shall have been taken or admitted into the said joint flock, and the fums for which refpeCtively they were fo taken or admitted ; and also how much of the said capital flock shall have been fub-feribed or admitted for the ufe of the publick, as is herein be- ^o^of the*" fore directed ; and shall tranfmit such account or accounts, or receipt, &c. duplicate thereof, under the hands of three or more of the directors and chief accountant of the said company, for the time being, to the office of the auditor of the receipt of Exchequer, and clerk of the pells, to be regiftred and recorded among the regifters and records of the said refpeCtive offices ; and the auditor of the said receipt of Exchequer, and clerk of the pells, are hereby required to return such duplicates, or true copies of them, under their refpedtive hands, (being firft regiftred and recorded in their said refpeCtive offices) fo foon as conveniently may be, to the managers or directors of the said company, for the ufe of the said company, without fee or charge ; and if by such account it shall appear that the annual fum which unto that time ** joint dock fhould have been paid to the said company, according to the tlun^much true meaning of this atfl, was really lefs than the annual fum of to be abated five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine out of the next pounds, and ten millings, that then, and in such cafe, fo much payment, money as shall have been paid unto the said company, more than by such account shall appear fhould or ought to have been paid to them, shall be deducted and abated to the said company by and out of the next accruing payment or payments of the said annual fum of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings, or out of the proportionable part thereof; and in such cafe, from and after the said five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and thirteen, there shall be paid and payable to the said company, only such proportionable part of the said annual fum of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds, and ten (hillings, as shall be equal to the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, for such fum as the whole real capital flock of the said company (hall, by such account, appear to be, or as fhall be added to the said capital flock after the said five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred ' and thirteen, by such ways and means as are herein and hereby directed : and if by such accounts it shall appear, the joint flock If joint (lock of the said company shall amount to more than the aforc-men- amount to tioned fum of nine millions four hundred feventy one thousand ^he^° three hundred and twenty five pounds, fo that the annuity for &c™HufDec! the fame capital flock, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per J? 16.

P 4	annum.





2H.f>

AmoBo*0A»t*m.'>c:ii.	[ifto*

annum, (half amount to morefoiui the find annual Aim of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hunched feventy nine pounds and tea (hillings, that then, and id fueh cafe, fomiKli money a* shall then havebcen pud to the said company iefs than after the,rate of fix, pounds per centum peranmm, for the then whole real capital (lock of the said company, shall be immediately paid and made good to foe said company,'hi such method and manner, and by such way* and means, as ia herein and hereby diie&ed for payment of the said annuity, nodi the said five and twentieth day of December * one thousand feven hundred and fix teen; and that from thenceforth^ and at aH times after, there shall be added to the said annual fum of five hundred fixty eight thousand two hundred feventy nine pounds and ten (hillings, fo much more money as shall make the fame amount to fix pounds per centum per annum, upon ind for fo much and such fum as the whole real capital flock of the said corporation fhail then confift of; which additional annuity (hall, from the said five and twen* tieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and thirteen, to the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, be paid and payable in such manner, and by such ways and*means, as is herein before dire&ed or pre~ feribed for the paying and providing for the annuity payable to the said corporation, until the said five and twentieth day ctf December, one thousand feven hundred and fixteen; and that from and after the fold five and twentieth day of December, one thoiu^

Afterwards to feven hundred and fixteen, such additional annuity (halt be charged up- be and is hereby charged, and chargeable upon, and made pay* pn the fund able out of the said funds hereby fettled for payment of the said hereby fettled, annual fum of five hundred fixty eight thouiand two hundred

feventy nine pounds, and ten fhillings, fo and in such manner as if the. fame had been in every place throughout this adl added thereunto; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwifoftanding: it being the true intent and meaning of this ad, That there shall be paid and payable to foe said corporation an annuity after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, apd proportionally for a lefs fum than one hundred pounds, for, the whole fum, and no more nor lefs than the whole fum, which the capital (lock of the said (hall, for the time being, amount unto.

V V V\7	■<	mm	mm aL a	/a! J	^

paid to the charge, which if the fame be wholly born by the members of cafhicrofthe thc laid company, would leflen their annual intereft, and may thS^charges, Pr°ve a great difcouragement to them; be it therefore -eoaded above the an- by the authority aforelaid. That over and above the said annual nual fum. fum hereby fettled, to be paid to the find company, there (hall

be paid and payable to the said company, to be ereded by virr tue of this ad, and their fucceffors, until the said annual fum frercin before fettled, shall be redeemed, as aforesaid, or to such Cftlhfer or cafhiers, person or persons, as shall be authorized wnde* the common fcal of the feid company to receive foe Jams,

for

17*0.]	Anno	aono	Aiwjb.	aii.	217

for the ufe of die faidcompany^tbe farther ammo! fan of eight thoufead pounds, for sod towards the charge of management of the fad company; which annual film of-eight thousand pounds is hereby charged and chargeable upon,and made lo be paid and payable by and out . of the fame fand$r and at such time and tunes, and in luch manner, and by the fame ways, means, and methods as is and are herein and hereby prefcrjbedv fettled, or appointed for payment of the laid annuities* after the rate of fix pounds per centum ptr annum, for the total amount of the said capital ftock of the.laid company*

XXXVI. And be it further ena&cd, That it (ball and may Her Majcfty be lawful to and for her Majcfty* her heirs and fiicceflors, by by commiffio* any such commidion, charter, or letters patents, as afottfakkwPjh^g under the great leal of Great Britain, to limit, dired, and ap- shall be tranf-point, how, and in what manner and proportions, and under fared, what rules and directions, the (hares of all and every person and peribos whatfoever, in the (aid yearly fund, and of and in the ftock. of the laid intended company or corporation, and every or any part or proportion thereof, lhall and may be afiign-able or transferable to such person or persons only, as shall freely and voluntarily accept of the fame, and not otherwise; and that all alignments and transferrences made in such manner* and. no other, shall be good and available in the law.

XXXVJL And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Stock in the faid. That the eftates, interefts and docks of money of the company a said intended company or corporation, to be created or eftablifh-ed in purfuance of this adt, and the (hare and intsreft of each and every particular member thereof, and therein, and of and in the capital ftock of the said company, shall be, and be adjudged, taken, and accepted, in conftru&ion of law, by all judges, and in courts of law and juftice, and in all courts and placet whatfoever, to be a perfonal, and not a real eftate, and shall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the person or person s dying pofiefled thereof, or entitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of such person or persons; any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore- stock exerapt-faid. That the feveral annuities or payments iffuing out of the ed from taxes, (aid yearly fund, or the (hares, parts, or interefts of any members of the said intended company or corporation, of and in the principal or capital ftock of the fame, or of or in the benefit of trade to be annexed thereunto, in purfuance of this a6t, or, die ftock or money to be raifed for that purpofe, during the continuance of the fame, shall be and are hereby exempted from any taxes, rates, aflefiments, or impofitions whatfoever, by a eft ofpariiament or otherwise.

iXXXIX* Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That if Guardians to any infant* (hall, by the gift, devife, or deceafe of the parents fubferibe for or other relation 1 of such infants, become entitled to any pf the infants, feid tallies, orders, bills, certificates, or debentures, intended to b* jrovidsAj/oi by this a<ft, fa such cafe the guardian or

guardians.







Executors* adminiltra-tors, truftees, and mortgagees, to mb-Icribe such bills, &c. a3 they shall be poftefled of.

Annojiooo Awnje. c.ii.	{17*6.

guardians, trufteeor truftees of fudt infant or infants, shall or may be, and they are hereby, impowered and required, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to fubferibe or put into the joint (lock of the said corporation to be ere&ed, as afore* faid* all such tallies, orders, bills, certificates, or debentures* Xo which such infant or infants shall be fo entitled, and to make the payment for such fubfeription and fubfcriptions in the fame bills, orders, certificates, or debentures; and such infant and infants (hall, on making such fubfcriptions and payments, be, and be deemed and become the contributor thereof, and the said guardian or guardians, truflee or truftees, fhall be difchaiged from the fame $ any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XL. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That any per-fan or perfons, who, as executor or adminiflrator, truftee or mortgagee, fhall be or become poftefled of, interefted in, or entitled unto any of the bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures intended to be provided for by this a6l, fhall and may, and they are hereby required to fubferibe and put such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, as they shall be fo poftefled of, interefted in, or intided unto, into the joint (lock of the said corporation ; and as to executors or adminiftrators, the flock they fhall be entitled to, for or by means of such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, fhall be the fame aflets in their hands, as the said bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, were or would have been, had they not been put into the joint flock of the said company; and as to truftees and mortgagees, the Hock which they fhall be entitled unto in the said company, for or in rcfpedl of such truft or mortgaged bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, which they mall fo put into the joint flock of the said company, shall be fubjedt and liable to the fame trufts, and equity of redemption, as such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures were or would have been, had they not been fo put into the joint flock of the said company.

XLI. Jnd forafmuch as feveral of the said bills, tickets, certificates,, or debentures, or feveral parts or Jhares of and in fome of them, have been feized or come into her Majeffs hands by extent or atherwife, and the other part and parts of the fame do belong to feveral private perfons; and feveral other of the said bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, do or may belong to feveral persons jointly which has proved and may prove very prejudicial (for want of a method of dividing and proportioning the fame) to the feveral perfdns xGncemed therein, according to their feveral and rejpefiive prepare tions: now therefore be it further enacted by the authority afore-^ming into That in all cafes where any of the said bilk, tickets, certifi-hcr Majefty’s cates, or debentures, either for the whole or any part thereof, hands by cx- are or fhall be in the hands of her Majefty, her heirs or fuc-tent, &c. or ceffors, the fame fhall be put into the joint flock of the said feverS persons corP°ration, m such manner as any three or more of the com-jointly, (hail miflioners of the treafury now being, or the lord high treafuren, be put into the or any thrpe or more of the comnuffioners of the trepfory for joint dock,	the



Anno nond Anna. c. ai.	*19

the time being (hall, by writing under their hand or hands, redt j and the flock of the said company, which shall be had fot and in lieu of such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, ot parts or fhares of such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures laft mentioned, and the produce thereof, upon fale or other-wife, shall be applicable and applied to such ufe and ufes as the lame bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, and such part* and (hares thereof, (hould or might have been applied, had not the fame been put into the joint flock of the said company; and the other parts and (hares of such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, shall and may be put into the joint flock of the said corporation, by the refpedlive owners and proprietors of firch other refpedfivc parts and (hares, in his, her, or their own ne-fpedlive name and names ; and they shall and may be accordingly refpedtively admitted into, and become members of the said company, for fo much as their said refpedlive parts or (hares of or in such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, shall a-mount unto; and that in all cafes where any of the (aid bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, do or shall belong jointly to feveral perfons, each and every refpedlive person interefted in,	'

or entitled unto any part or parts, (hare or (hares of or in such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, (ball and may fab* feribe or put his, her, or their refpedlive part or parts, lhare of (hares of and in such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, into the said joint flock of the said company, in his, her, or their own refpedlive name or names, and shall and may be accordingly admitted into, and become members of the said corporation* for fo much as their said refpedlive parts or (hares of or in such bills, tickets, certificates, or debentures, shall amount unto.

XLII. And be it enadled, That no member of the said in* Member* of tended company, to be eredled in purfuance of this adl, fhallj the company in refpedt of his or her being a member, governor, director,	0f ^I*1-

or manager thereof, or having any flock therein only, or by liament; and reason of any other matter or thing in this adl contained, be not liable to be difahlrd from being or continuing a member of parliament, norbanluruPt,> shall be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt within the intent or meaning of all or any of the statutes made against or concerning bankrupts; and that no flock in the said intended company shall be tubjedl or liable to any foreign attachment, by the cu- 0r to foreign ftom of the city of London, or otherwise.	attachment*

XLIII. And for the better fecuring the privilege of the go- Company-net vernor and company of the bank of England, granted to them to borrow mo* by parliament, be it enadled by the authority aforesaid, That p^L^at de-it shall not be lawful to or for the corporation to be eredled in Jnaad, &c. purfuance of this adl, to borrow, owe, or take up any fum or fums of money on their bills or notes payable at demand, or at any lefs time than six months from the borrowing thereof; and that it fhall not be lawful for the corporation to be eredled by virtue of this adl, to difeount any bills of exchange, or other j,or to ^ bills of exchange, or other bills or notes whatfoever, or to keep countbill*, any books or ca(h for any person or persons, bodies politick or &c.

corporate 

The yearly fund to be paid weekly to the trea-fiirer, See.

220	Anno	nono	Ankjb. c. 2t.'	[1710*

corporate whatfoever, other than and only the proper books, money, and oa(h of the said corporation to be eroded by virtue of this ad.

. XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further eroded. That the laid yearly fund hereby eftablifhed,. shall (under die like penalties, as aforesaid) be iffixed at the said receipt of Exchequer, to the laid company to be eroded by virtue of this ad, or to such treafurer or treafurers, cafhier or cafhicrs, person or perfons, as shall be appointed, under the common fed of the (aid company, to receive the feme; and that the payment thereof shall and may be made weekly, as faft as the'funds and duties, hereby appointed for payment thereof, shall produce money into the Exchequer for the feme, fo as by foch weekly gr other payments, the whole of the annuities, due to the (aid company at the end of any one quarter, be not exceeded. Commiflion- XLV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and do-ers not fubjed blared. That the person to be named commiflioners, in pur* parity,&c?ex- fuancc of this ad, or any of them, shall not.incur or be fiib-ccpt k>r breach jed to any incapacity, forfeiture, or penalty whatfoever, for or oftrufh in regard of their or any of their being named commiffioners, or ading in or upon such commiflion, or any ways relating thereunto (except for breach of truft;) any law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas it is of the greatef confequence to tbt honour and welfare of this kingdom, and Ton the increafe of the Jhrength and riches thereof and for the vending the product and manufadhere, goods and merchandizes of or brought into this kingdom, and employment of the poor, that a trade Jbotdd be carried on to the South Seas, and other parts of America, within the limits herein after mentioned 5 which cannot Jo fecurely and fuccefsfulfy be begun and carried on, as by a corporation with a joint Jock, exclufive of all others: now for the better encouragement of all and every the person and perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who shall be or become members of the said company or corporation, to be eroded, as aforesaid j and to the end and intent that a trade to the South Seas, and other parts of America within the limits heroin after mentioned, may be carried on and promoted, for the The limits of advantage and honour of this kingdom ; be it enaded by the the company's authority aforesaid. That the corporation to be eroded in pur-fuance of this ad, and their fu^ceflbrs, shall have and be en-Anwica«	titled unto, and they are hereby entitled unto and vefted, from the

firft day of Augujt, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, for ever, in the foie trade and traffick into, unto, and from all the kingdoms, lands, countries, territories, islands, cities, towns, ports, havens, creeks, and places of America, on the eaft fide thereof from the river of Aranoco, to the fouthermoft part of the Terra del Fuego; and on the weft-fide thereof, from the said fouthermoft part of the said Terra del Fuego % through the South Seas, to the northermoft part of America; and into, unto, and from all countries, iftands, and places within the said limits, which are reputed to belong to the crown of Spain, or

which

 •

lit

1710.] Anfto nano Amnjb. ast.'

which shall hereafter be found out or difcovered within the said limits, not exceeding three hundred leagues from the continent of America, between the fouthermoft part of Terra del Fuegoy and the northermoft part of America, on the weft-fide thereof,

(except the kingdom of Brazil, and such other places on the said eaft-fide of America, as are now in the adtual poffeflion of the crown of Portugal, and the country of Surinam in the poffeflion of the ftates general of the United Provinces;) it not being intended that the foie trade to any part of the eaft-fide of Americay now in the aftual poffeflion of the crown of Portugal or the ftates general, shall be granted or conftrued to be granted by this adt ; but that it may be and remain lawful for all, and every, or any the fubje<fts of her Majefty, her heirs or fuc-ceffors, to trade and traffick to any part of the eaft-fide of Amcricay jiow in the a&ual poffeflion of the crown of Portugal or the ftates general, (but to no other part of America within the limits aforesaid) as fully and freely, in all refpe&s, as they might or could do if this a<ft had not been made; any claufe, provilo, power, privilege, matter or thing, herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said company None elfe to to be erected in purfuance of this a<ft, and their fucceffors for traftek within ever, and all and every person and perfons, who from time to t*lc*r hniia* time shall be licenfed by the said corporation, to be ereefted in purfuance of this a<ft, to trade in the (lead of them, shall and lawfully may, for ever, from and'after the said firft day of Augufty one thousand feven hundred and eleven, or by such fa&ors, agents, or fervants, as they shall think fit to intruft, and to and for no other person or persons whatfoever, freely to traffick and ufe the trade of merchandize, into, unto, and from the said South Seasy and other the parts within the limits aforesaid (except as aforesaid) and into, unto, and from all or any the kingdoms, lands, territories, islands, cities, towns, forts, havens, creeks, and places of America, or any of them, within the limits aforesaid (except before excepted) where any trade or traffick of merchandize is or may be ufed or had, and to and from every of them.

XLVIII. And be it further ena<fted by the authority afore- Hermajeftjr faid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majefty, tMyimpower* by her said charter or charters of incorporation, to impower the said company or corporation, and their fucceffors, to make for good reafonable laws, conftitutions, orders, and ordinances, from government time to time, for the good government of the said trade to f|>| of the trade. South Seas, and other the parts within the limits aforesaid (except before excepted) and of the traders, fadlors, agents, officers, and others concerned in the fame, and to inflidt reafonable penalties and puniihments by imprisonments, mulcfts, fines, and amerciaments for any breach or breaches thereof, and to levy such mul&s, fines, and amerciaments, to the ufe of the said company or corporation.

XLIX. And

lit

Other persons frequenting the South Seas, forfeit fhip and lading, &c.

Company to be foie owners of all iftands, forts, &c. they fliall difcover, &c. within their limits i

Anno nono AH&m. c.n.‘ fiyie*

XLIX. Aftd to the end the said South Seas, or the kingdoms, i(lands, havens, forts, cities, towns, and places, within the limits aforesaid, or any of them, shall not, after the said firft day of Augujl, one thousand feren hundred and eleven, be vifited^ frequented, or haunted by any other of the fubje&s of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, contrary to the true meaning of this ad; be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the fubjeds of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, of what degree or quality foever they be other than the (aid company or corporation, or their fadors, agents or fervants, or other persons by them lkenfcd thereunto, according to the true meaning of this ad, shall dke&ly or indiredly vifit or frequent, trade, traffick, or adventure, into, unto, or from the jfatd South Seasy or other the parts within the limits aforesaid, contrary to the true meaning of this ad, or shall hire, height, or fit out any (hip or (hips, or lade or put on board any (hip or (hips any goods or merchandises whatfoever, with intent to haunt, frequent, traffick, or adventure into, unto, or from the (aid South Sow, or other parts within the limits aforesaid, contrary to the true meaning of this ad, every fucb offender and offenders shall incur the forfeiture and loft of all (hips and veffels which shall be employed in such trade, witfe the gun9, tackle, apparel, and furniture thereunto belonging, as also all the goods and merchandizes laden thereupon, and all the proceed and effeds of the fame, and also double the value thereof, viz. one fourth part thereof to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, one other fourth part thereof to such person or persons as will feize, inform, or fue for the fame, and the other two fourth parts thereof to the ufe of the compaiiy or corporation to be ereded in purfuance of this ad ; such forfeiture and penalty to be recovered, with full cofts of fult, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record, in manner as aforesaid.

L. And for the better encouraging of the said company tor be ereded in purfuance of this ad, to drive and carry on the trade hereby granted to them; be it further enaded by the authority afor&ad. That the said company, and their fucceflors, forever, shall and may have, hold, and enjoy, to their own ufe, and for the benefit of the members of such company, in proportion to their (lock, and without any account to be rendered thereof to her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, or to any other person or persons whatfoever, all and every the {(lands, cities, forts, towns and places whatfoever, which the said com* pany, or their fadors* agents or fervants, or other perfons, which shall be employed or licenfed by them to trade, as afore^ feid, or such of the (hips of her Majerey, her heirs or fuoccflors,

(he or they shall think fit to grant or allow for convoys, or otherwise, for the defence, fecurity, or carrying on the (hid trade, shall difcover or find out, feize, or pofteft, in any man* ner whatfoever, within the limits aforesaid, (except before excepted) and shall be for ever the foie owners and proprietors of all and eyery such iftands, forts, towns and places, and all their dependencies, to be holden of her Majefty, her heirs and

rmn lucceflbrs.



AnnonoooANNJB, c.2f.	%z$

fucceflors, in free and common focage by fealty, and rendring to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, the annual rent of one ounce of gold for the Tame (if demanded) and thefaid company and their fucceflors shall and may have and hold for ever the foie trade to all such illands, forts, towns, and places, laft mentioned.

LI. And be it further enabled. That the said company to be And of all crebled in purfuance of this abf, shall and may have, hold, ^ips taken receive, take, and enjoy, to their own ufe, and for the bene- t,iere as Pnze* fit of the members of such company, in proportion to their (lock, all and every such (hips or veflels, and all their guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, and all such goods, merchandize and bullion, treafure and other things, which shall be taken as prize by the (hips, fabtors, agents or fervants, of or belonging to, or employed or licenfed by the said company, within the limits aforesaid, or by such of the (hips of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, as (he or they shall think (it to grant or allow for convoys, or otherwise, for the defence, fecurity, or carrying on the said trade, without any account to be rendred thereof to her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, or any other person or persons whatfoever; fave only that the Seamen aflift-officers and feamcn, who shall be abtually on board any of the ing to be rc~ said (hips of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, which (hall	a£her

take, or beaftifting to the taking any such (hips or veflels, goods charter (hi or merchandizes, as prize, shall have, or be entitled to such appoint, part and (hare thereof, as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors,

(hall think fit and direbt in by the charter of incorporation to be granted to the said company, and no other or greater part or (hare whatfoever; any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding: and that it shall and may be lawful for the said company, and Company may their fucceflors, and the agents, fablors, fervants, and other ^rms ^ri-perfons to be employed or licenfed by them, to trade, as afore- tifh (hips tra-l'aid, to feize, by force of arms, or otherwise, the perfons, ding in the (hips, goods, merchandize, or other effebts, of or belonging South Scai* to any of the fubjebts of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, who shall haunt, frequent, traffick, trade or adventure into the said South Seas, or other the parts or limits aforesaid (except before excepted) contrary to the true meaning of this a and to keep and detain to the ufe and ufes of the said company* and their fucceflors,- for the benefit of the members thereof, in proportion to their (lock, the (hips, goods, merchandize, and other effebts fo feized, without any account to be rendred thereof, as aforesaid, and to bring or fend into Great Britain the persons of such of the fubjebts of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, as shall be fo feized, in order to their being profe-cuted for such offence according to law.

LII. And be it further enabted. That in cafe any of the Commanders commanders or other officers of such (hips of her Majefty, her	^c* *

heirs or fucceflors, as shall be uled or employed in or for the -nn°g	the*™1"

obtaining, promoting, fecuring, or carrying, on the said trade, company's fhall not in all things lawful, during their being fo employed, rules, inca-conform themfelves to such rules, direbtions or inftrubUons, pacitated,





Anno nono Annjb. c.2i.	[1710/

as they frail receive from the managers or dircftort of the CM company, or the major part of them, in writing under their hands, every such commander and officer frail be for ever in-* capable to ferve her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, in any office or place of truft or profit, and frail be liable to anfwer and pay to the said company, and their fucceflors, double the value of all such loss dr damage as the said company or their fucceflors shall fuffer or fuftain by the breach of fucn orders, directions or inftrudtions, to be recovered with full cofts of fair, in any court of record of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, in manner aforesaid.

Pcrfonsbem LIIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefoid, SSp°or1nany That	perfons	as frail be born onboard any of the (hips

place, belong- of war, or other (hips to be employed in or about the said trade, ing to the or who frail be born in any the lands, territories, countries, company, to islands, forts, cities, towns or places, which frail be difeovered ^nfub?cAs. °/	bY	fre said company, as aforesaid, or any of their

dependencies, shall be, and be judged, deemed and taken to be bom within the, allegiance of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and frail be, and be deemed, and frail have and enjoy all the privileges of the natural bom fubje&s of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors.

LIV. Andforafmuch as thefaid tradi does in a great meafure depend upon the timely dtfpatch from Great Britain of the flips which flail No embargo be employed therein; be it further enadted, That no (hip or fhips on company's which frail belong to, or be hired, freighted, or employed by Mrtictriarl tbc company to be erected, as aforesaid, or such persons mntionedf ** frail be licenfed by them to trade within the limits aforesaid, shall be, and be liable to be (topped or detained by any embargo, or other reftraint whatfoever, unlefs such (hip or (hips be particularly mentioned or named in such embargo, or order for reftraint.

Her Majefty LV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, may grant fur- That it frail and may be lawful for ner Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, by or in the said letters patents, or charter of intercompany by poration, or by any other letters patents under the great feal of charter. Great Britain, froth time to time, to give and grant unto the said company, to be eredted as aforesaid, such further and other powers, privileges, immunities, exemptions, and advantages, as (he or they in her or their great wifdom shall think fit and convenient for the further and better promoting and encouraging the carrying on the said trade, hereby granted, and Exception. the maintaining and preferving the fame; fo always neverthe-lefs as such powers, privileges, immunities, exemptions, and advantages, be not contrary to the known laws of this realm, or the prerogative of the crown, or the privileges of the governor and company of the bank of England.

Officers of the LVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted and cuftoms, See. declared. That upon any importation ot any goods or mcr-com^anv's chandizes by the said company to be eredted by virtue of this | boinJs^for* adf, and in all other cafes where fecurity is or (nail be required cuftoms, See.	to



l7*o.]	Anno none AnMa c.^ri	2t$

ta be given by thd feid company lot the/crown, ft fhsdi and may • be lawful for the commiffioners, and officers of the cuftoms,* for the time being, and all other perfbn and perfons, who are to take such fecurity for the crown, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to. take such fecurity, by accepting and taking one or more bond or bonds, 'under the . common feat of the (aid company, as well for all such of the cuftoms and duties chargeable and to be charged upon the goods and mer-t chandizes fo to be imported, as are bondaMe, and upon which bonds have been ufually given, as for all such other matters and things for which fecurity is to be giveri to the crown by thef said company, as aforefeid j any law, ftatute, or uftge to the contrary notwitbdandihg.	j

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all bonds or obli-gations under the common feal of the said company, shall charge as, well the annual fund payable to the said company, £n^ai by virtue of this a61, as the other flock, effects, and eftate of and ftock, the (aid company, for the time being; and that all bonds or fee. . obligations, under the common feal of the said company, whereby the said company shall oblige themfelves or their fucccffors to pay any fum or fums of money, fhall be affignable at law* and may be by endorfement to be made upon such bond or obligation under afligned. the band or hands of the refpedlive person or persons to whom such money fhall, in such bond or obligation, be made payable, >this, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afhgns, and not otherwise; and that £uch alignment and affignments Such affign-fhall veil the property of such bond or obligation, ai!d of the ment to veft moneydue or to be due thereupon, in the affignee or affighees, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, from and immediately after the making of such alignment; and: every such affignee or affignees, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, fhall and may in failure of payment of the money payable upon, or by virtue of such bond or obligation, bring and maintain, his, her, or their action of debt' at law, agajnft the said company, or their fucceffors, for the money which fhall be due upon such bond or obligation, in all refpefts, as if such bond or obligation had been originally tpade unto, and the money thereon due had been made payable therein unto such affignee and affignees, their executors, ad-. miniftrators, or afiigns; any law ufage, or cuftom to the conyary bqtwithftanding : and that if any person or persons fhall. forgo, or counterfeit, the common feal of the said company, felony to qr shall forge, counterfeit, or alter any bond or obligation counterfeit under the common feal of the said company, or fhall offer	fej

difpofe of or pay away any such forged, counterfeited,. or ai- ^ bonds, tiered bond, (knowing the fame to be fiich) or fhall demand the money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any part therepf, of , the laid company, or any of their officers*

(knowing such bond or obligation to be forged, counterfeited, or altered) with intent to defraud the fiud company, or .their.

. Vql.XII.	Q.;	fucceflbri.



2?6	Anno nono Annjb. C.21.	[1710

fucceflbrs, or any other person or persons whatfoever, every

fuch person and persons lo offending, and being convicted thereof in due form of law) lhali be guilty of felony, and fuffer such death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it furtner enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the company to be ereded by virtue of this adfc, or their fucceflbrs, agents, or fadtors, or any per-Compsmy not fon or persons licenfed by them, to proceed, fail, navigate, or to fail beyond go into any the limits before-mentioned, beyond the fouther-the fouther- moft part of Terra del Fuego, except only though the (freights. TerradelFue- °f Magellan, or round Terra del Fuego, nor to go from thence go, or intothe into any part of the Eajl Indies,, nor return to Great Britain, or Indie*, Uc. ' any other port or place in Europe, Afia, Africa, or America, by c^cePt, any other Way except through the said (freights of Magellan, or ftreight* 0/ ty Terra del Fuego aforesaid, under the penalties and forfeitures Magellan, or to be fued for and recovered, as is herein after mentioned; and round Terra also that it shall not be lawful for the said company, or their del Fuego:	foccefiars, agents, or fadtors, or any person or persons licenfed by

in°EaVlndia hy thein, to trade, traffick, or adventure in any goods, wares, goods, See. commodities, or merchandizes whatfoever, of tne growth, product, or manufadture of the Eajl Indies, Perfia, China, or any other the countries, ports, or places within the limits granted to, or now veiled in the united company of merchants of England, trading to the Eajl Indies, and not hereby granted or intended to be granted, to the corporation to be created by virtue of this adt, or with any (hips or veflels coming from the countries, or places aforesaid, (fuch Eajl India goods, wares, commodities, or merchandize, as shall be actually exported from Great Britain, and also gold, filver, and wrought plate, goods, and commodities that are the produce, growth, or manufactures of the JVeJl Indies, or continent of America, only excepted) under the penalties and forfeitures to be fued for and recovered, as is herein after mentioned ; and further, that it shall not be lawful for the said company intended to be eredted, as aforesaid, or their fucceflbrs, agents, or fadtors, or any person or persons licenfed by them, to fend. Nor to fend employ, or ufe any (hip, veflel, boat, or bark whatfoever, with-fhips in the in the said South Seas, from Terra del Fuego, to the northermoft South Sea* part 0f America, above three hundred leagues to the weftward of leaguesto the diftant from the lands, countries, and fliores of Chili, Peru, weftward of Mexico, CaUifomia, or any other the lands and (bores of fouthem Chili, Sec. or northern America7 contained between the (aid Terra del Fuego, and the said northermoft part of America \ upon pain and penalty that all such (hips, veflels, boats, and barks whatfocvcf, going in or returning from the South Seas, otberwife than as aforesaid, or lent, employed, or ufed, failing, proceeding, or on forfeiture feeing, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, and all offtup*, the goods, wares, and merchandizes on board them, together goods, Uc. ^rfth their guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, and likewifo all the goods, wares, commodities, and merchandizes of the Eajl Indies^ Perfia, China, or pther the limit* aforesaid, ft> *	traded



1710!^	Anno	nono	Ann,*.	c.	21;

22 7

traded in as aforesaid, (except as before excepted) shall and may be feized and forfeited, and double the value thereof shall also be forfeited by the owners, matters, or employers thereof, or traders therein ; one third part of all which forfeitures to be to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other two third parts thereof to the said united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies; to be recovered with full cofts of fuit in anv of her Majefty’s courts of record at JVeftminJlery by adtion ot debt, bill, plaint, or information.	,

LIX. And for as much as nothing can more conduce to the encreafe of the Jirength and riches of this kingdomy and the breeding able fea-men to ferve her Majefty, as well in time of war as pedee than the preferving and enlarging the fifhery of this realm; be it therefore ena<fted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Stodcfbrtft* lawful for her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, in and by her fifhery to be said letters patents of incorporation, or by any other letters patents under the great feal of Great Britain, to direft a (lock C8pl to confift of twenty (hillings upon every hundred pounds of the capital (lock of the said intended company, to be raifed by the members thereof, in proportion to their ftock, at such times, and in such manner, as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, by such letters patents shall think fit and direct, fo as no other of her Majefty’s fubje&s be thereby excluded from the filhing trade; the said ftcck to be kept apart, and always employed in the improving, enlarging, and carrying on the fifhery of this realm, or other fifhery, for the ufe and benefit of the members of the said company, in proportion to their ftock.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enaefted, That no No money to money shall be called in from the members of the said corpo- becallcdinfor ration, to be ereefted in purfuance of this a<ft, for carrying on the fifhery, or other trade hereby granted, but by the order and direction of a general court of the said company to be called	9

for that purpofe, and whereof there shall be at lead fourteen days notice in the London Gazette.

LX1. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid, Governor, $re« That no person shall be capable of being eleded a governor, not t0 b® deputy governor, or diredtor, of the said intended corpora-tion, during the time that he shall be a governor, deputy go- bank or Eaft vernor, or director of either of the refpedtive corporations of India com-the bank of England, or of the united company of merchants Pftny> at tlie of England trading to the Eaft Indies; and every person who ™actunc* fhall be eledted a governor, deputy governor, or director of the said intended corporation, shall during the time he shall be such governor, deputy governor, or director, be incapable of being chofen a governor, deputy governor, or director of either of the said refpedtive corporations of the bank of England, or of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.

LXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That it Seamens may be lawful for any three or more of thecommiflioners of the treafury now being, or the lord high treafurer, or any three	paid

or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being,

*ig	Anno nono Annjb. c. 21.	[1710.

in ready	to order and direft any of the tickets made out for the pay of

money,	any feamen, or others on board any of her Maiefty's (hips,

and which shall appear not to have been fold, dilpolcd of, or parted with, to be paid ready money, or to make any reasonable advance or allowance in confederation of such tickets being put or admitted into the joint flock of the said intended corporation 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. f Sc 4 Anna, LXIII. And whereas by an act made in the third and fourth years ** *3*	of her present Majejlfs reign, intituled, An act for prohibiting

all trade and commerce with Fraucey it is provided\ That it Jball and may be lawful for her Majejly's fubjefts to trade with the fubjefts of Spain, fo as the said liberty JbaU not be conftrued to extend to permit or allow the carrying of the feveral goods and commodities therein particularly enumerated, among which commodities iron is mentioned, which by experience is found necejflary to be traded in with the fubjefts of‘Spain; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforeiaid, Lawfoi to That it shall and may be lawful for any of her Majefty’s fub-wroueht'iron Je<^s to carry un wrought iron, and trade in the lame with any to Spain. of the fubjefts of Spain •> any thing in the said recited aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

7HW.3, LXIv. And whereas by an act made in the feventh year of the *. si.	reign of his late majejly King William the Third, of glorious me-

mory intituledy An act for the encreafe and encouragement of! feamen, it was enafted. That such feameny and others, as are therein meniionedy who should be willing to enter and regifter themfelves. for fervice in the royal fleet or navy, Jbould and might, by themfelves or others, deliver in their names, with their ages and places of abode, and should be entred and regiflredy as by that aft is preferibed j and that every feaman fo regiflredy orfuch a number of them as are therein, tnentionedyjhouldhave from his faidMajeflyyhis heirs andfucceffors, (whe-! ther in aftual fervice or not) a yearly bounty offorty fillings apiece ; and divers other benefit j, exemptionsy privileges, and advantages were thereby given, or intended to be given to the feamen and others fo re- ^ giflredy as in the said aft is exprejfed: and whereas by aH aft made in t & 9 W. s« the eighth year of the reign of the said late King William the Tbirdr *3*	intituledy An act to enforce the aft for encreafe and encourage-

ment of feamen,’ divers other provifions are made, and direftions. given touching the said regiflredflame tty as by the faidfeveral aftsy relation being thereunto fever ally had, may more fully appear: and, whereas the fame aftSy or either of them, have not had the good ef-feftSy which were intended thereby for the fervice of the crown, or for' the encouragement of feamen, but on the contrary hcrOe ouafmed much’ charge, vexation and trouble \ be it therefore enafted by the authority aforesaid, That the (aid aft, intituled. An act for the encreafi Ktpeal of the and encouragement of feameny and the said aft, intituled. An aft ta\ afts for regif- enforce the aft for the encreafe and encouragement of feameny and; thug feamen. cither of them, and all and every the claufes, matters, and: things in them, and either of them contained, fo far forth only as the fame do or may concern the regiftring feamen, or persons Ttfho w$re thereby ^toyred or intended $ fegiftred* of the fea-*

men'



i7io<] Anno nono Ann^# c. 21.	229

men or persons fo regiftred, or the giving any bounty money, or other advantages in refped thereof, are and shall be, by force and virtue of this present ad, repealed, and utterly void ; any thing in the laid former ads, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

LX v. And whereas feveral perfons, (who have> fince the com-mencement of the said rates or duties upon monies given, paid, or con-trafted for with clerks and apprentices, taken clerks and apprentices, and received and controlled for fums of money, with or in refpeft of the taking fucb clerks and apprentices) have9 through negleft or inadvertency , omitted to pay the feveral rates and duties payable in that behalf and to have the indentures or controls flampt9 within the times for thofe purpofes refpeftively limited by the aft of parliament in that safe made, whereby Juch clerks and apprentices will9 according to that aft9 be difabled to follow or exercife the intended trades, profejfions, or employments, unlefs fome further provijion be made: now for relief of such clerks ana apprentices, and compelling the ma«

Hers and midrefles duly to pay, for the future, the rates and du- att,fc ties lad-mentioned $ be it further enaded by the authority afore- lief of clerks, faid. That upon oayment of the refpedive rates and duties See. whofe which have been fo omitted or negleded to be paid, as afore- ma?c™ havc • faid, on or before the nine and twentieth day of September, in tbedudes,1** the year of our Lord 'one thousand feven hundred and eleven, to and to have such person or persons, to whom the fame ought to be paid ac- their inden-cording to the laid former ad, and tendring to be damped such ^ ftamPc<,# Indentures or contrads fo omitted to be damped, on or before the five and twentieth day of December, in the said year one thousand feven hundred and eleven, the fame indentures or contrads shall be damped, and shall be good and available in law or equity, and the clerks or apprentices therein named shall be capable of following and exercifing the refpedive intended trades, profeifions, or employments, as fully as if the rates or duties fo omitted to be paid, had been duly paid, and the indentures or contrads damped within the refoedive times in the fame ad for thofe refpedive purpofes limited j any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

LXVI. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority a- Matters here-forefaid. That if any mader or midrefs shall hereafter negled to aftcr omit-pay the said rates or duties lad-mentioned, within the refpedive *£ . times herein, and by the said former ad for that purpofe limit- 5 ed, according to the true intent and meaning; of the fame, eve-ly such mader and midrefs (hall, for every filch negled, forfeit tnefom of fifty pounds j the one moiety tnereof to her Majedy, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety thereof with full lofts, of fuit, to such person or persons as shall inform and fue for the fame, in any of the courts at JVejlminfler9 for such neg-ied committed in England, Wales9 or Berwick upon Tweedy or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, for any such negled there.

By adion of debt; bill, plaint, or information, wherein no dfeih, protedion, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

0,3	CAP.



2jo	Apno nono Amm, c.ax,	{1710*

CAP. XXII.

4n aEt for granting to ber Majefiy feveral duties upon coals for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Weftminfter, and fuburbs thereof and other purpofes therein mentioned.

MOST gracious Sovereign, we your Majefty’s ippft duti-ful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflemHed, being zealous to provide such fupplies a$ may enable your Maiefty tp purfue your pious and gracipus in-* tentions to inpreafe the number of churches in or near the po-

f>ulous cities of London and Wijiminjler, or the fuburbs thereof, or the better inftrudbon of all persons inhabiting or who shall inhabit in the feveral parifhes wherein the fame shall be built, in the true chriftian religion as it is now profefled in the church of England, and eftablimed by the laws of this realm, do mod humbly present to your Majefty the feveral impofitions, rates, and duties herein after mentioned, and do befeech vour Majefiy that it may be enalted; and be it enafted by the Queen’s moil excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual arid temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That for Duty qpon all forts of coals and culm which, from and after the fourteenth coals from day of May% one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, and be-, u May, 1716. jforc t^c pjnc an<j twentieth day of September, one thousand feven cp f hundred and twenty four, shall be imported apd brought into ^	the port of the city of London, or the river of Thames within the*

liberty of the said city upon the fame river, there shall be paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, by way of impofition thereupon, over and befides all other impofitions and duties^ according to the rates hereafter mentioned, that is to fay, from from 14 May, and after the (aid fourteenth day of May* one thousand feven 1716. to 29. hundred and fifteen, and before the nine and twentieth day of oJali to*6a September, one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, for all luch s s. pw°cSa]L forts coals and culm as are ufually fold by the chalder, for der or tun. every chalder thereof, containing thirty fix bulhels of IVinchefier S*e 1 Geo. %. meafure, the fum of two {hillings ; and for such fort of coals a* ftat. *, c. J. gre fol^i by the tun, for every tun thereof, containing twenty **	hundred weight, thp fum of two (hillings; and from and after

the eight and twentieth day of September, one thousand fever* and after hundred and fixteen, and before the eight and twentieth day of 28 Sept. 1716. September, one thousand feven hundred and twenty four, there to t8 Sept. shall be paid for every such said chalder of coals and culm and >7*4; per tUn of coals, the fum of three fhiljings; which said fum of two Chalder or (hillings for the firft part pf the faia term, and three (hilling* See i Geo. x. f°r the r^tyiaindesr thereof, for every chalder of coals and culm flat. *. c. i*. and tun of coals, (hall, from time to limp, during the full term pc 5 Geo. 1. before mentioned, be-railed, levied, pollc&ed, $nd paid to P* *	her Majefty, hey heirs, and fuccoflors, in the Tame manner, me-

thod, and form, and at such places, and by fuejv ways*

*n<T

 Goc e

1710.]	Anno nono Annje* c. nl	*gt

and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are*Geo. s. c.*.,

mentioned, expreffed, or referred unto, in and by any aft, law,

or ftatute, afts, laws, or statutes now in force for railing, lev^- 1	*a#

ing, collefting, or anfwering any other duty or duties now pay*

able to her Majefty, for or upon any coals or culm whatfoever

imported or brougnt coaftwife into the said port^pf London; and

that all and every the powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures,

difabilities, articles, rules, and daufes, in the fame ads, laws,

and ftatutes, or any of them, mentioned or contained (except

fuch and fo much of them for and concerning which it is other*

wife provided in this present ad) shall be of such force and effeft,

to all intents and purpofes, for the railing, levying, colleding,

and anfwering the impofitions hereby granted, for and during

the said term and terms herein before limited, as if the fame

were particularly and at large fet down and enaded by this ad.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That The moncy to all and every such fum and fumf of money, wnich shall be raif- be paid into ed, colledea, and levied, by virtue of this ad (the neceflary the Exche-charges of railing, managing, and accounting for the fame al- 9ucr? “j* ways excepted) mall, from time to time, be brought and paid {)™{^ang r into the receipt of Exchequer, and by force and virtue of this churches, ad, are and (nail be appropriated, iftued, applied, and difpofed, See. for the building of fifty new churches of done and other proper materials, with towers or fteeples to each of them; and for purchafing of (ites of churdies and church-yards, and burying-

}daces, in or near the cities of London and Wefiminfier, or the uburbs thereof j and for making such chapels churches as are already built, and capable thereof, parilh churches, and for purchafing houfes for the habitations of the minifters of the said churches, and for applying the fum of four thousand pounds pei* annum out of the said duties and impofitions, towards the repairing and finifhing the collegiate church of Saint Peter, IVefl-minjier, and the chapels of the fame ; and also for applying the fum of fix thousand pounds per annum out of the said duties and impofitions arifing by this aft, towards the finiftiing Greenwkh HofpitaU and the cnapel thereunto belonging, and to or for none other ufe, intent, and purpofe whatfoever.

III.	And it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority Fifty new aforesaid, That there shall be erefted and built, of ftone ana cb^chw other proper materials, fifty churches, with towers or fteeples Greenwich to to each of them, whereof one shall be erefted in the parilh of ^ one, to be Eqft Greenwich in the county of Kent.	erefted.

IV.	And ivhereas in feveral parijhes in or near the find cities of chapels alrea-London and Weftminfter, or the fuburbs thereof there are feme dayerefted, chapels erefted by well-difpofed persons at their own charge, for the if fit, to be publick worfbip of God, as eflabRJbed in the church of England, which converted into are fit to be converted into parijh churches, and ta have dijirifts or £hundiei. bounds ofparijhes allotted and affigned to each of them; but feveral of them being built upon terms for years, under certain ground rents, and therefore are not conjecrated, and there being feveral deficiences in their cohftitutions, which are neceffary in a parifb church \ be it therefore

Q.4	de.





{&$*	AnnanQ»o	c.22/	[1710,

/declared and enadted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said chapek as are fit or proper, may be made parifh churches.

Her Majefty y. And to the end the said new churches, fo to be ere&ed, ^ntttonomi- PW h® more conveniently fituated, and the said chapels, that pate commifr ^rc & for Parifh churches, may be accommodated and provided fionen. with all things neceflary for thofe refiding in the said parilhes, who ftand moft in need thereof; be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majefty, by letters patents, under the great feal of Great Britain, to nominate, conftitute, and appoint such persons as her Majefty shall think fit to be commiflioners for the purpofes herein after mentioned \ which said commiflioners, or such or fo many of them ?s (hall, by the (aid comrpiflion, be authorized, (halj, yvithin twenty days after they shall be fo conftituted, as aforesaid, meet, and fo, from time to time, as often as there shall be oc-cafiop, with or without adjournments, and shall enquire and inform thejpfelves in what parimes the said new churches, except that for Qreempich, are moft neceflary to be built, and of proper place? for the fites pf the said refpe&ive new churches, and also a cemetery, or church-yard, for each of the said churches, for fhe burigl of chriftian people, to be purchafed ; and also which pf the said chapel? are fit to be made parifh churches *, and shall pfcert?in (he feveral houfes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, pnd the bounds and limits which in their judgment or opinion may be fit to be made, diftindt parifhes, and to enquire apd inform themfelves by the beft means they can, of tfie value of such houfes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of the refpep-tive eftatps and int/erefts therein, which the (aid commiflioners, pr such or fo many of them as shall be authorized, as aforesaid, shall think neceflary to be pprehafed for the said fites apd cemeteries, and for houfes for the habitations of the refpedtive mi-(lifters; and the said commiflioners, or such or fo many of them as (hajl be authorized, as aforesaid, (hall, on or before the four and twentieth day of December, one thopfand feven hundred apd t	eleven, report or certify to her Majefty in writing, pndertheirhands

and feals, such matters and things as shall appear to them, upqn their inquiries aforesaid, with their opinions thereupon, and present a duplicate of such report or certificate to each of the two houfes of parliament, to the end such further diredtions may be given thereupon, as may be purfpant to her Majefty’s pious intentions in the premifles.

Money to be VI. Provided jfiw^ysj and it is hereby enadled, That it shall borrowed at and (pay fie lawful to and for her Majefty, her heirs ?nd fuc-Ce®)rs» from to time, to direft the officers at the yeceipt of Exchequer to receive by way pf loan, from any peifon or pprfons willing to make the fame upon credit of this adfc, such fum and fums of money her Majefty, h$r heirs and fucceflqr* (hall, from time to time, or at any time or times, think necef-(ary, for the beginning, carrying on, or effecting all or any the fervifes by (his adt intended} aqd to allow intereft aft$r the jfcte '■ ............................ ' ..............:...................

.1710*]	Anno nono Ann^s. c.22.	.333

of fix pounds per centum per annum, for the forbearance thereof;

?nd that the money fo lent shall not be taxed or afiefied by any aft of parliament whatfoever$ apd that such lenders shall have tallies of loan, and orders for their repayment, with such inte-f reft, as aforesaid, out of the duties granted by this aft, the principal to be paid in courfe, according to the refpeftive dates of the tallies, and the intereft every three months till the repayment of the principal$ and that no fee or reward shall be demanded or taken of any her Majefty’s fubje&s, in or for the payment thereof; and tnat the money of the laid duties shall be liable to fatisfy such orders accordingly, without being diverted from the fame to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe, upon pain ‘of forfeiting treble damages, and full cofts, to the party grieved by the party offending; and that such orders shall be affignable by endorfements thereupon, according to the courfe in such cafes ufed in the Exchequer.

VII.	Provided always. That such fums as at any time or Intereft doe times before the laid fourteenth day of May, one thousand ^*5* /fc ven hundred and fixteen, shall become due for intereft qf mo- how to be 6* ney to be lent upon this aft, shall and may be fatisfied as the tisfied. said intetf ft (hall, from time to time, become due, out of any

monies whatfoever, which shall come into the Exchequer by way of loan, on the credit aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	Provided, That this aft, or any thing therein contain- 100 cbalden ed, shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, during the con- ^Chelf^ tinuance of this aft, to charge or lay any of the duties or impo- hofpital, not fitions hereby impofed upon such coals (not exceeding one hun- chargeable, dred chalders by the year) as shall be brought into die port of London, from Newcafile upon Tine, or any other place, tor the

only ufe and fervice of the royal hofpital at Cbelfea $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by an alt of parliament of the eight}) year of the* & 9 W. j. reign of the late King William the Third, intituled^ An act for c* l+* compleating the building and adorning the cathedral church of

Saint Paul, London, and for repairing the collegiate church of Saint Peter, IVeflminJier, it was (among other things) enabled, That from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand fix hundred and ninety feven, the annual ftipend or allowance to the person who was or Jbould be fupervifor or furveyor general of the building of the said cathedral church of Saint Paul’/ Jbould be paid in the manner and proportions following, that is to fay, one moiety thereof The furreyac yearly, and the other moiety in one entire fum, within six monthsafter the finijhing the said cathedral church; it is hereby declared. That the said cathedral church, fo far as by the (aid aft was required laiytobe paid to be done and performed by the said furveyor general, is nnifti- by 15 Dec. ed; be it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That the faidfuf- *7««» and pended falary shall be paid to the laid furveyor, on or before the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven; and that all other (landing falaries to any officers pmploycd only for the carrying on Of fimftung the (aid bqilffinjj.





*34	Anno nono Anna. c. 23.	[ijri*:

(hall, from the fakl five and twentieth day of	ceafe

and determine. This aft is 10 Anne, c. II. 1 Geo. f. fiat. 2.c. 13. 4 Geo. 1. t. 14. 5 Geo. 1. r. 9.

CAP. XXIII. ifl* a# forlicenfing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs •, and for charging certain new duties upon ftampt vellstm,	parchment, and and on cards and , sbm

an the exportation of reck fait for Ireland; and forJecuring thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the pofi and by feveral duties on hides and a yearly fund of one hundred eighty fix	fix	hundred	and	feventy

x pounds ,for thirty two years, to be applied to the

tion of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any fum not exceeding two millions, to be raifed for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty's cafions.

MAY it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty, we your Ma> jelly’s mod loyal and dutiful fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raifc the hecefiary fupplies for enabling your Majefty to carry on the

Erefent war, ana for other your Majefty’s frequent occafions, ave therefore given and granted, ana do by this aft give and grant unto, your Majefty the feveral revenues, rates, duties, and sums of money herein after mentioned, and do befeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted j and' be it enafted by the Queen** tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons, in Her Majefty this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the to appoint fame. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for her Majefty, enfbr licenf- ^ heirs and fucceftors, under the great feal of Great Britain, ing hackney from time to time, to nominate, authorize, and appoint, any coaches in person or perlons, not exceeding five in number at any one London, &c. time, to be commifiioners for.regulating and licenfing, from time to time, all hackney coaches, which from and after the four and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and fifteen, at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years from thence next and immediately enfuing, lhall be permitted to be driven for hire, or kept, within the cities of London and	Wtftmnfttr,and the fuburbs

thereof, and within all and every the parifhes and places, comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, in such manner as is herein after direded; which laid commiiuoners to be appointed, as aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, put in execution the feveral powers and authorities herein after mentioned by such commifiioners to be done, executed, or performed.

CoitmriHtan- H, And be it further enafted. That the commifiionen which J" *? ’"5enfe lhall be fo appointed, shall have power and authority, and are 00 u .hereby iropowoed and required, under their hands and Hals,

•r

1710.] Anno nono Anhjb. c.tj.

or under the hands and Teals of the major part of them, from coaches, from

time to time, to licenfe all such pcrfons, who from and after the I**11** •J'S*

faid four and twentieth day of Junty one thousand feven hun-

dred and fifteen, at any time or times within or during the find by} Geo. 1.

term of thirty two years, shall drive or keep any hackney coach c. 7. f. 1.

pr coach horfes within the cities of London ana Wejiminjier., or l6Geo i,c*lfi*

the fuburbs of the fame, or within the parifhes comprized

within the weekly bills of mortality; and the number of all

hackney coaches fo to be ficenfed, shall not, at any one time,

within or during the said term, exceed eight hundred $ and

upon every of the said licences, there shall be referved and made

payable unto her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, the weekly

Jiita of five (hillings of lawful mpney of Oreat-Britam, to be

paid monthly from the commencement of every such licence,

during the continuance thereof refpedtively without any de* at 5*. per

dudtion or abatement for any matter, caufe, or thing whatfo- week, payable

ever, with such covenants, conditions, and provifoes therein to

be inferted, for the more effectual payment thereof, as the faid

commifiioners, in their diferetions, shall think fit.

III.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforesaid, And *oa *That the commifiioners for licenfing and regulating hackney backney ' coaches now being, and the commifiioners for licenfing and re-gulating hackney coaches for the time being, or the major part 3 Geo! 1. c. 7. of them, fhall have power and authority, and are hereby im-11. powered and required, under their hands and feals, or the hands and feals of the major part of them, to licenfe all such hackney chairs, which from and after the four and twentieth day off.

June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, at any time or widow y times within or during the term of thirty two years from thence cl^r-next and immediately enfuing, shall be kept and ufed for hire, within the said cities of London and Wejbninjler, and the fuburbs by i, Annie, thereof, and within all and every the parimes and places com- fiat. 1. c. 14. prized within the weekly bills of mortality; and that the num- By i*Geo. 1. ber of all such chairs fo to be licenfed, fhall not at any one time, within or during the term laft-tnentioned, exceed two hundred; 1 and upon every one of the (aid licences, fo to be granted, for keeping and using for hire an hackney chair, there shall be re-ferved and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, the annual fum of ten (hillings of lawful money of Great , to be paid quarterly, at the four moft ufual fcafts in the year, at 10s. per by equal portions, during the continuance of every such licence ”"**”*» W* for a chair, with such covenants, provifoes, and conditions, for aWe <l'UIter the more effectual payment thereof as the (aid commifiioners, in their diferetions, (nail think fit and reafbnable; the firft of the frid quarterly payments to begin and to be made at such of the laid feaft days as fhall next happen after the granting of, every such licence for a chair refpefHvely.

- IV. And be it further, enabled. That from and after the (aid Driving roach four and twentieth day of June > which shall be in the year of without 11-Our Lord one thousand feven hundred end fifteen, during the “j“e» ft**** foid term of two and thirty years from theme next enfuing, no5

perfon



or carnnng such chair, forfeits 40 s.

Coaches, See. to have figures. Sec.

236	Anno nono Anna. c. 23.'	£ 171c

person or persons shall prefume to drive, or lettto hire, by the hour or day, or otherwise, any hackney coach, or coach holies, within the cities of London or Wejtmtnflery or fuburbs of the fame, or within the parilhes or places comprized within the bills of mortality, without such leave or licence firft obtained from the laid commiffioners, as aforesaid, upon pain to forfeit, for every such offence, the fum of five pounds; and that from and after the laid four and twentieth day of June, one thouJand feven hundred and eleven, during the laid term of thirty two years from thence next enfuing, no person or persons lhall prefume to carry for hire, in any hackney or common chair, any person or persons whatioever, within the cities of London or Wtft-mnjier, or the Aiburbs of the fame, or within any of the parifnes or places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, without such licence to be firft obtained for fo doing from the said commiffioners, as aforesaid, upon pain to forfeit, for every ®IC*1 °®cncc* the ^um forty (hillings; and that no horfe, high** 5 gelding, or mare, to be ufed with any hackney coach, lhail be under the fize of fourteen hands high, according to the ftand-aird; and that every coach and chair refpe&ively, fo licenfed, shall have a mark of diftm&ion, by figure or otherwise, as the said commiffioners shall think fit, and the laid mark fhall be placed on each fide of every such coach and chair refpe&ively, in the moft convenient manner to be taken notice of, to the end that they may be known, if any complaints (hail be made of them$ and that if any person shall be licenfed to keep more than one hackney coach, or more than one hackney chair at the fame time, every one of them fhall have feveral figures or marks of diftin&ion, in the fame manner as if they did belong to feveral perfons; and that no person lhall put the fame figure or mark of diftin&ion upon his coach or chair that is appointed for any other coach or chair, or fhall blot out, obliterate, alter, or deface the figure or mark of diftin&ion appointed by the said com-niiffioners for his coach or chair, under the forfeiture of five pounds for every of the offences laft-mentioned ; one moiety whereof lhail be to the informer, and the other moiety to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fuccellbrs; and the said com-coachmen, &c.milfioners for regulating and licenfing coaches and chairs, are to be firft li- hereby required, in the firft place, to licenfe all such persons as have been ancient coachmen, or ancient chairmen, or the widows of any of them, unlefs they shall negleft or refufe to take such licenfes upon the refpeftive terms hereby allowed, within a reafonable time to be limited by the said commiflioners, not lefs than twenty days.

V.	And be it further enacted, That if any commifiioner fo appointed, (ball grant licences for more than the number of eight hundred hackney coaches, or two hundred chairs, to be

Ancient



Commiflion-er» not to licenfe above $00 coaches,

and ^chairs in at any one anc* the fame time, he shall forfeit, for eve-■	'	ry	fuch	offence, one hundred pounds, to be profecuted and re-

covered by any person who will fue for the fame, by aflidn of debt, bill} plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s conns

of

H7

1710.]	Anno	nono	Anna. c. 23;

of record at Wejlminfler, in which no effoin, protection, wagef of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, °f That no hackney coachman fo to tie licenfed in purfuance of^^JJ^ this act, nor the driver of such coach, shall prefume to take for.

his lure, in and about the cities of London and Wiftminfter, or within ten miles, thereof, above the rates of ten millings for a day, reckoning twelve hours to the day, and by the hour not above eighteen pence for the firft hour, and twelve pence for every hour after; and that no gentleman or other person shall pay From any of the inns of court or thereabouts, to any part of St. James'S) or city of Wejlminjler, (except beyond Tuttle-Street* above twelve pence; and the fame prices from the fame places to the inns ot court, or places thereabouts; and from any of the said inns of court or thereabouts, to the Royal-Exchange* twelve-pence; and if to the tower of London, or Bifbopfgate Street, or JJdgate, or thereabouts, one (hilling and fix pence ; and fo from the fame places to the said inns of court, as aforesaid ; and the like rates from and to any place at the like diftancp with the places before-mentioned.

VII.	Provided always. That no gentleman or other pcrfbn shall be obliged to pay above twelve pence for the ufe of an hack-coach for any diftance, (not particularly fct down in this aft) fo as the fame ao not exceed one mile and four furlongs; and that no gentleman or other person shall be obliged to pay above one (hilling and fix pence for the ufe of an hackney coach for any, diftance, (not particularly fet down in this aft) Deing above one; mile and tour turlongs, and not exceeding two miles ; and that the (aid commiffioners, or the major part of them, shall caufe to, be admeafured, and publifhed in writing to be fixed at the Royal Exchange in London, on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, the feveral diftsnces between the mod noted places within the limits of the said weekly bills, (not particularly fet down in this aft) according to which the (aid rates of twelve pence, and one (hilling and fix pence refpeftively ought to be paid, as aforesaid.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That Ratesof chair* no person whatfoever shall be obliged to pay to the chairmen for *****

an hackney chair carried any diftance within the lunits aforesaid*, more than the rate by this aft allowable for an nackney coach driven two third parts of the fame diftance; and that the fiud commiffioners, or the major part of them, shall caufe to be ad-meafured, and publifhed in writing, to be affixed, as aforesaid,. on ot before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, the feveral rates allowable by this aft: to chairmen, as aforesaid, for their carriage to and from the moft noted places where such chairs are commonly ufed in the city and limits aforesaid ; and if any hackney coachman or chairman r shall refufe to go at, or fhali exaft more for his hire than tfio!

fever^





ss. 6 d. for each licence.

Commiilion-ers and officers to be fworn.

ajf	Anno nofto AKNA. c.if*	t*7*o<

(everal rates hereby limited, he (hall, for every fudi offence, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

Coramiffion- IX. And be it further enafted, That the said commiflioners ‘^0 appoint shall appoint fiich other officer or officers under them, as they under Officers, ^jj gn<j uecefory for carrying on the (aid fervice, with foch moderate allowances as (hail be thought fit; and the (aid com-mrflkmers, and other officers under them, and every of them, are hereby required not to take or demand, direftly of indirectly, of any perfon, for their licences, any fum of money, or other gratuity or confideration whatfoever, other than what is herein direfted to be paid to her Majefty, nor to take or demand any fee or reward from any person or persons, for any thing by them to be done in execution of their refpeftivc offices or employments, other than from her Majefty, her heirs and fuccef-iofs, upon pain to forfeit, for every such offence, their rdpec-tive offices and employments, and to be incapable of any grant Clerks to have thereof, or of any other office; except only that it shall helaw-fill for the clerks, for their pains in writing and ingrafting each licence, to have and receive the fum of two (hillings and fix pence, and no more.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the said commiflioners for licenling hackney coaches and chairs, and every of them, and every officer to be appointed under them, shall before two or more of the said commiflioners take an oath for the due and . faithful execution of their offices and employments; and that no person or persons shall be capable of intermeddling with the execution of the powers and authorities by this aft granted, and any of them, other than thejx>wer of adminiftring the aforesaid oath to their fellow commiflioners, until they shall have taken the said baths, as aforesaid.

Coramiffion- XI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That w to pay into all the fttms of money, rents and revenues by" this aft arifing, the Exehe- over and above what (nail be fufiicient for falaries and other in-«Kt ramud- ^ent chstrgcs colfefting or managing the fame, (hall, from " time to time, be paid by the said commiflioners, pr such other person or persons as (haft be appointed by her Majefty, her heirs or fpcceflbrs', or by the commiflioners of the treafury, or lord treafarer for the time being, to receive the fame, into the receipt of the Exchequer; and the said commiflioners (hall, upon odm, deliver bpoks of accounts fairly written, containing all the licences granted, and the names and fimames of the refpedfive perfons,' to Whom such licences are granted, and the rents and profits thereby accrued, unto the commiflioners of the treafuiy, or lord high treafiirer, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, once in every year, ofoftner, if required.

' XII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That all the said weekly and other rents and fums of money, to hr referved or payable, as aforesaid, for the said licences respectively, and all forfeitures and penalties that shall grow dpe or payable by virtue of this aft, or breach Of any orders 6t by-laws that shall be made by the said commiffipncrs, in purfuance of

the

Rents, penalties, ice. how to he levied.



239

1710.] Anno nono Anna;. c. 23.

the authority to them given by this adl for that purpofe, (the laid penalties ana forfeitures to be incurred by the said commiflioners themfelves, or any of them, excepted) fhall be levied by diftrefs of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hands and feals of the said commiflioners, or any three or more of them, which shall be fold within ten days, and the overplus fliall be returned to the owner, the charges of making and felling the diftrefs being firft deducted and allowed, together with the charge of the warrant for the diftrefs, if upon fe-ven days notice they do not pay the fines and penalties incurred, without such warrant; and in default of diftrefs for any such fine, penalty or forfeiture, as aforesaid, except before excepted, the offenders neglecting or refining to pay the lame, fhall by warrant under the hands and feals of the laid commiifioners, or any three or more of them, be committed to prifon, there to continue without bail or mainprize, till he, the, or they have paid such fine or forfeiture, or penalty, as was due from him, her, or them j and in cafe any luch weekly or other rent or payment for any hackney coach or chair, as aforesaid, fhall be behind and unpaid for the fpace of fourteen days, after the fame thall become due, and ought to be paid, as aforesaid, in every such cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the said commiifioners for regulating ana licenfing the laid coaches and chairs, or the major part of them, for the time being, (without any demand to be firft made of the said arrear) to revoke and countermand the licence upon which such arrears fhall be incurred, and inftead thereof to licenfe any other hackney coachman or chairman in the manner by this adl prefcribed; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	And he it further enabled, That all the offences against Offences to be this adl, or anything therein contained, (other than the offences J?eard “ *

of the commiifioners themfelves) fhall be heard and determin-ed in a fummary way by the said commiflioners, or any three aiflkmen. or more of them, upon the oath of one or more credible wit-nefles, (the party accufed being fummoned to make his defence)1 or upon confeflibn of the party offending; and one moiety of all the forfeitures and penalties to be incurred by this adl, fhall' be to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other mpicty to the informer.	:

XIV.	And be it further enabled. That if any perlbn or per-'ftrfons food, Ions lhaH at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by him

or them done or executed in punuance of this adl, he or they £Ci	*

fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give this ad in evidence for his defence; ana if upon a trial a verdidt fhall pafs foe the defendant or defendants, or judgement fhall be given againft: the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or the plaintiff or	1

plaintiffs be nonTuited, difcontinue or forbear profeeuting their feid abtions, then such defendant and defendants fhall have double cofts to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which cofts he fhall have luch remedy as in other cafcq where cofts are by law ghrcn to defendants;

XV. Pro?

 vjOOQ 1C

%40	Anno nonoANN2E< €;*3#	f	f

No Certiorari. XV. Provided alfo, and be it citaded, That no writ or writ* of Certiorari shall fuperfede execution, or other proceeding upon any order or orders made by the said commiflioners in purfuance of this ad, but that execution and other proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon; any such writ or writs or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

Commiflion- XVX And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, ers may make That for the better regulating and ordering such persons who Sy'i Geo. i. AwM be licenfed to keep hackney coaches or chairs, as aforesaid, fiat. i. c/57! and to prevent any difturbances, and other inconveniencies in £t. Renters the ftreets .and highways, where such coaches or chairs shall *** (land or be driven, or such chairs shall (land or be carried, and ttnehrs are ^or	thereof	; it shall and may be lawful for the faid

Immdbytbe commiflioners, or the major part of them, from time to time, euamijjumers to make such orders, by-laws and ordinances to bind such per-fy-U*ws. fons only* who shall have licences to keep hackney coaches or chairs, and to annex such reafonablc penalties and forfeitures for the breach thereof, as to them in their diferetions shall feem fit, fo as such orders, by-laws, or ordinances be made agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and be for the better putting in execution thereof, and for the good government and regulation of the persons licenfed to keep coaches and chairs, and fo as they do not contain any thing repugnant to the laws of the realm.

By-laws to be XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is enaded, That such approved bv rules, orders and by-laws, fo to- b$ made by the said commif-lor, ic^nd" (l0ners> fhall be allowed and approved by the lord chancellor* executed by lord keeper, or lords commiflioners of the great feal of Great juftice* of Britain for the time being, and the chief justice of ehher bench*; peace, &c. aad the lord chief baron of the Exchequer, or any three of them; and after such allowance the fame shall be printed and made publick; and the breach of any of the rules and orders appointed by this ad, and the penalties thereupon, and the rules*) orders and by-laws to be made by the said commiflioners, and allowed, as aforesaid, and the forfeitures and penalties thereup-on, shall be puniihable, and inflided, and. put in execution* by any justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, or other magirarate of the county, city, or place where such offence shall be committed, in as full and ample manner as the said commiflioners* hereby to be appointed, might do the fame, and as if the said by-laws, rules, and orders were particularly inferted in this pre-fent ad; but no person shall be twice punifhed for the feme offence.

The Queen's XVIII. Provided always. That all penalties which fhall be I?1* otvcndl- levied by any justice of the peace, mayor, bailiff, or other ma-

SS&tad siftr,atevof \hisa6t> °r“y'**m?2*made*

to the receiver as aforesaid, or the Queen s part of the fame, (hall, from time general of to time, be tranfmitted by them to the receiver general of the* oiefe dutie*. said revenues arifing by hackney coaches and chairs, and a certificate thereof to the said commiflioners for licenfing and regu-* lilting the feme, from time to time7 within ten days after thej

'*	levy-



i?iOi] Anno nono Annas, c.23.	24^

levying any such penalties, upon pain of forfeiting double the value of tne fum which (hould be fo tranfmitted and certified, that is to fay, two third parts thereof to the ufe of the Queen, her heirs and fuccefiors, and the other third part to him or them that will inform or fue for the fame.

XIX.	And for the better preventing the mifoeHaviour of any On mUbeha* coachman or chairman, to be licenfed in purfuance of this adt, v,5JJ?r*co,n" it is hereby declared and enadted, That upon complaint of any J^voke^otch^ gentleman, or other perfon, the said commiflioners for granting man’s licence, licences purfuant to this adt, or the major part of them, shall &c.

and may fummon the coachman and chairman refpedtively, to anfwer the'faid complaint; and upon his or their being heard, or making default of appearance, shall and may (in cafe they lee caufe) revoke the licence of such coachman or chairman, for such milbehaviour, in giving abufive language, or otherwise, and licenfe another coachman or other chairman in his (lead.

XX.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the twenty-ninth Coachmen, year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and other afts formerly &c. may ply made for the better obfervation of the LordVs day, commonly called °n the lord’s Sunday, theJlanding to hire, and driving hackney coaches, and the Scarce.*,

Jlanding to hire, and carrying of chairs, on the Lord's day, are or 9 may be underjiood to be forbidden or refrained: and whereas the said reflraint is many times found inconvenient, as well in order to the obfervation of the day, <iS otherwise; be it therefore enadted by the authority arorefaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any licenfed hackney coachman, or his driver, or any chair* men, to ply and (land with their coaches and chairs, and to drive and carry the fame, refpedtively, on the Lord’s day, within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality ; the said former adts, or any of them, or any ponftrudtion thereupon to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXL And it is hereby further enadted. That an account of Account an* the profits and duties arifing by virtue of this adt, by licenfing nualbeforethf coaches and chairs, shall eveiy year during the continuance editors, thereof, be made up before the auditors of the imprefts.

XXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, justices to de* That if any person or persons shall renife or hegledt.to pay any termine be-coachman or chairmen the money juftly due to him or them twe^£°*ch-^ for carrying in his or their coach or chair, or shall wilfully cut, JjtScru * deface, or break any such coach or chair, it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace, where such refufal lhall be made, or damage done, upon complaint thereof, to grant a warrant to bring before him the person against whom luch complaint shall be made, and upon proof made upon oath,

(which futh justice hath hereby power to adminifter) to award reafonable (atisfadtion to the party grieved for his damage and cods, and upon refufal to pay or make such fatisfadtion, to bind pver the party refilling to the next general quarter-fdfions of the peace to be held for the city or county where the offence shall be committed 3 and the justices in such quarter-feflions have hereby power finally to hear and determine the matter of the - Vol. XII.	R	faid







New duties on ftampt vel lum, &c. Made perpetual by 3 Geo. I. c. 7. f. 1.

Anbo nano Anna. c.23:

faid complaint, and to award fatisfadtion to the party grieved, and for non-payment to levy the fame by diftrefs upon his goods and chattels.

XXIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid,

. That there shall be throughout the kingdom of Great Britain railed, levied, CoUedted and paid, unto and for the ufe of her Majefly, her heirs and fuccenors, for the feveral and refpe&ive things herein after mentioned, which shall be ingrofled, printed or written, the feveral and reipedtive rates, duties, charges and fums of money hereinafter exprefled, in manner following; that to fay.

Drawbacks on For every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or *c-flapping. pjece 0f paper, upon which shall be ingrofled or written any certificate or debenture for drawing back any cuftoms or duties, or any part of any cuftoms or duties, for or in refpcdk of the 're-fhipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, which at any time or times, within or during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the firft day of Atiguft, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, shall be exported, or (hipped to be exported from Great Britainy for any parts beyond the feas, to be paid by the person for whofe benefit, or at whofe inftance such debenture or certificate shall be obtained, the fum of eight pence.

Klh of lading. por every pjece cf vellum or parchment, or (hcet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrofled or written any note or bill of lading, which shall be figned for any goods or merchandizes to be exported at any time or time$ within or during the term, iaft mentioned, the fum of four pence.

r For every almanack or kalendar for any one particular year, or for any time lefs than a year, which (hall, (within or during the fame term) be printed on one fide only oi any one (heet or piece of paper only the fum of one penny.

For every other almanack or kalendar, for any one particular year, which shall be printed within or during the said term, the fum of two pence.

Provided always, and be it enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if any alrfianack or kalendar (nail, during the term laft mentioned, be made to ferve for feveral years; that then the refpe&ive rates aforesaid shall be paid for every Ilich year.

Licence for re- For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of tailing wine, paper, on which (hall, at any time or times within or during the term laft i.ientioned, be ingrofled or written any licence for retailing of wine, the fum of four (hillings.

-Licence for For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of felling ale, bypaper, on which shall (during the fame term) be ingrofled or f G6 ° 'suehli- wr^tten any lienee for felling of ale, beer, or other cxcifeahl* eence is to be liquors by retail, the fum of one (hilling. . made before tke XXIV. And be it further enabled by the. authority afore* recognisance /VfaJd, That for the better and more effectual levying, oofte&ing, tahtt out* ‘aiid paying untp hex Majefty, hex hqjj&aud-filficsifors, the laid '	...............4	feverat

Sheet almanacks.

Other almanacks.

Almanacks for feveral years.

i7io.\

Anno nono Annas. C.2g,

U3

feveral duties hereby granted and made payable for of in refpeft Commifllon-of the said certificates, debentures, bills or notes of lading, al- to ma-manacles, and licences, the fame shall be under the government, nagethefedu* care, and management of the comraiffioners for the time being, tie*, appointed to manage the duties payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefTors, 'and charged on ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby, required and impowered to employ the neccflary officers under them for that purpofe, and to cauie all such further new ftamps New fhmp» to be provided to denote the duties lad mentioned, as (halt bet0|brcprovl cd< requifite; and to do all other tilings neccflary to be by them done for the putting this aft in due execution witbirelation to 5 thofe duties.

XXV. And it is hereby further enaftedvby the authority Vellum, &c. aforesaid. That all vellum, parchment and paper, upon which to be (tamped any such certificate, debenture, bill or note of Jading, alma-wmu* nack or licence, as aforesaid, (hall, from and after the said firft ** day of AugujU one thousand feven hundred and eleven, be in-grofled, written or printed, shall before such ingroffing, writing, or printing, be brought to the head office for (lamping or marking of vellum, parchment and paper \ and the said com-miffioners, by themfelvcs, or by their officers employed undef them, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required* forthwith, upon demand to them made by arty person or per-(ons, from time to time, to ftamp or mark, as this aft direfts* any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment or paper, he ot they paying to the receiver general of the ftamp duties for the time being, pr to his deputy or clerk, the refpeftive duties payable for the fame by this aft, without any other fee or reward* and without delay; which ftamp or mark, to be put thereupon in purfuancc of tnis aft, shall be a fufficient discharge for the feveral and refpeftive duties hereby payable for the said vellum* parchment or paper, which shall be fo damped or marked j

XXVI- Provided always. That where any almanack shall only one contain more than one (heet of paper, it shall be fufficient to (beet of art ftamp only one of the (heets or pieces of paper upon which such flm^nack ta almanack shall be printed, and to pay the said duty accordingly, mpt*

XXVII.	And be it further enaftea by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That if any officer of the cuftoms (hall, from and after the said writing, be-firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, at u^P^*** any time within or during the term laft mentioned, fign any ^	*

fuch certificate or debenture, as aforesaid, not appearing to have been firft duly damped according to law; or if any other person (hall, from and after that day, write, ingrofs, or print, ■

Nor cauie to be written, ingrofled, or printed, any such certificate, debenture, or note or bill of lading, licence, or almanack, as aforesaid, or fign. such bill or note of lading, or fell or expofe to fale any such almanack, before the vellum, parchment or paper, whereupon such certificate, debenture, bill or note of lading, licence, or almanack, shall be refpeftively. in*: grafted, written Or printed, (hail appear to have been fo duly

R 2	damped*







?44	Anrio	ndno ANN^T.

damped •, that then every such officer or person fo offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, together with full cofts of fuit; and every such officer of the cuftoms offending hefein* and being convicted of any such offence, shall (over and be-fides the forfeiture or penalty aforesaid) forfeit and lofe his office and emplpyment, and be incapable to hold the fame; and that if any such certificate, debenture, bill or note of lading, or licence, as aforesaid, (hall, during the term laft mentioned, be written or ingrofled contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not appearing to have beentluly (lamped according to law, that then, ana in every such cafe, there shall be due, anfwered, and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors (over and above the duties hereby due or payable) for every such certificate, bill br note of lading, and licence refpe<5tively, the fum of five pounds j and Mo certificate, that no such certificate, debenture, bill or note of lading, or n0t rood llccnce» lhall be available in law, or be given in evidence, or tiU^ aid* admitted in any court, unlefs as well the said duties hereby ftamp duty charged, as the said fum of five pounds, shall be firft paid to paid.	the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, and a receipt pro-*

duced for the fame, under the hand of the receiver general, for the time being, of the ftamp duties, or of his deputy or clerk, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on whicn such certificate, debenture, bill or note of lading, or licence, is fo written or ingrofled, shall be marked or (lamped, according to the tenor and true meaning hereof; and the said receiver general, and his deputy or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duty, payable by virtue hereof, and of the said fum of five pounds, to give a receipt for such money ; and the other proper officers are thereupon required to mark and ftamp such certificate, debenture, bill, note, or licence, with the proper marks and (lamps re-quifite in that behalf.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-bekbooK	k*d> That all publick officers who (hall, from time to time,

*	9 have in their cuftody any of the said debentures, or any pub-

lick books, files, records, remembrances, dockets, or proceedings, the fight or knowledge whereof may tend to the fecuring of thefe or any her Majefty’s ftamp duties, or to the proof or difeovery of any fraud or omiflion in relation thereto, or to any of them, (hill at any feafonable time or times, permit any officer or officers thereunto authorized by the commifiioners, for the time being, appointed to manage thofe duties, or the major part of them, to infpedt and view all such books, files, recoids, remembrances, dockets, and proceedings, as aforesaid, and to take thereout such notes and memorandums as shall be necef-fary for the purpofes laft-mentioned, without fee or reward, vpon pain that luch clerk or other officer or officers, who shall ftfufe or neglect fo to do* upon r^afqnablq requeft in that behalf



HS

tyro."]	Anno	nono	Ann	m.0.23.

halt made, (hall, for ever yfuch refufal and negled, forfeit the fnm of five pounds with full .colls of fuit.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, ~

That every commiffioner and officer, who lhall ad in or about ert( ^ the managing or colledling the duties lad-mentioned, and fwom. . hereby granted, lhall, before he lhall adt in or about the fame, take the oath following, that is to fay.

I A. B. do ftuetfr, That 1 will faithfully execute the	Their oath.

in me,	purfuant to the ail of	parliamentwhereby certain duties

are charged upon	certificates,	debenturesbills of , ,

and certain licences, to befiamped as is therein mentioned, without fraud or concealment; and J, hall.,from time to time, true account make of my doings therein, and deliver the fame to fucb person or persons as her Majefiy, her heirs or fuccef appoint to receive such account •, and /ball take no fee, reward, or profit, for the execution or performance of the fata trufi, or the bufinefs relating thereto, from any person or persons, other than such as be pi-lowed by her Majefiy, her heirs or fuccejfors, or fome other person or persons under her or them to that purpoje authorized.

■ Which oath Ihsll and may be adminidred by any two or more of the commiffioners lad-mentioned, or any judice of the peace.

XXX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid, Commif-That the said commiffioners for managing the said duties on Conert to ob-dampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and all other officers who £j^'tfh*h°r* lhall be employed in or about the colledling or managing of the treafury. duties lad-mentioned, and hereby granted, lhall, in and for the

better execution of their laid offices and truds, obfcrve and perform such rules, methods, and orders, as they refpedlively lhall, from time to time, receive from the lords commiffioners of the treafury now being, or the treafurer of the Exchequer, or the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being; and that no fee or reward lhall be demanded or taken by any her Majedy’s No fee to be officers, relating to the said damp duties, from any of her Ala- taken, &c, jedy’s fubjedls, for any matter or thing to be done in purfuance of this ad; and in cafe any officer intruded, or to be intruded in the execution of this ad, in relation to the faid,damp duties, lhall refufe or negled to perform any matter or thing by this ad required to be done or performed by him, whereby any of her Majedy’s fubjeds shall or may fudain any damage whatlb-ever, such officer fo offending, lhall be liable by any adion to be founded on this datute, to anfwer to the party grieved all such damages with treble cods of fuit.

XXXI.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority Separate ac-aforefaid, That the duties lad-mentioned and hereby granted, count, and lhall be all paid, from time to time, into the hands of the re- weekly payed ver general, for the time being, of the said duties on damptmenU vellum, parchment, and paper, who lhall keep a feparate and ejidhqd account thereof, and pay the lame into the receipt of

R 3	the





iifir	Anno	nono Ann.®, c. 23.	17io.^

the Exchequer of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, weekly, on IVednefday in every week, unlefs it be an holyday, and theii the next day after that fhall not be an holyday, for the pur-pofes in this a<ft exprefled.

Upon altering XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That th°re as often as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, shall think fit per? £Cpa- to a^tcr or rcnew r^e »a,d marks or ftamps, to be provided or marked by	ufed *n pursuance of this a<5t, or any of them, it shall be lawful

them, may	for all perfons, who lhall at that time have in their cuftody or

Jiaveitchang- poffeffidn, any vellum, parchment, or paper marked with the ed ip&pdays. ^amp or	which	(hall be fo altered or renewed, and upon

jffhich none of the matters or things hereby charged shall be en-grofled, written, or printed, at any time within the fpace of lixty days after such intention of renewing or altering shall be publilhed by proclamation, to bring or fend such vellum, parchment, or paper to the said commifiioners at the said head office, or to such officers as shall be appointed in that behalf j and the said commiffioners and officers refpe&ively are hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered to the feveral'per-fons, who shall fo bring and deliver any quantity of velluin* parchment, or paper, the like quantity of vejlum, parchment, and paper, and as good in quality, ftampt with such new. ftamps, without demanding or taking, dire&ly or indirectly, for the fame, any fpm of mopey or confideratipn whatfoever, un-.	(der the penalty qf forfeiting, for every such offence, one hun-

dred pounds, to be fued for, recovered, and divided, in such manner as the other penalties in this a<ft, relating to tfie said juries hereby charged on vellum, parchment, and paper, aro Paper, &c. directed to be fuea for, recovered, and divided ; and in cafe not brought^ any person fhall neglecft or refufe, within the time aforesaid, to e» bring or caufe to be brought and delivered {o'the said com-iftifliouers or officers, as aforesaid, any such vellum, parchment, or J^apcr, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other efftCt or ufe than if it had never been ftainped; and that all matters or things charged with the duties Iaft-mentioned, and hereby granted, which shall after that time be engroffed or written thereon, shall be of no other effeCt than if they ha4^ been engroiTed or written on vellum, parchment, and paper not marked or damped at all; and all perfons* who shall eri-grofs or write any the matters or things hereby charged on such VelluirK parchmenr, or paper after the said time, (nail forfeit; and fiJFer, as herein before is enacted for persons writing or $ngrofftng on vellum, parchment, or paper not parked or flamped.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and be it further en; "fed. That as often as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, shall think fit tq. alter the (kid ftamps, or any of them, that the proclamation which is hereby intended to be made for the giving all perfons^ due notice thereof, (hall, within twenty days after the date thereof, be fent to the mayor, chief magiftrafe, or other head officer of every city, corporation, borotigh, and market town*

’ ' • ' ;	"	throughout



in, of no ufe, *c.

Proclamation for altering ftamps to be fe it tq the mayors, See, ifi 20 days.

Anno nono ASri-®. C.2J-	447

throughout her Majefty’s kingdom of Great Britain; which officers refpedlively shall caufethe fame to be publifhed to the inhabitants of such city* corporation, or town, either on the next market day, or next Sunday in the church, immediately after the time of divine fervice, upon pain of forfeiting the fiun of two hundred pounds.

XXXIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Counterfeit-faid, That if any person or persons whatfoever, lhall, at any ing ftamps, time or times hereafter, counterfeit, or forge any (lamp or mark, fWony. to referable any (lamp or mark which shall be provided, made, cf 2i°n°6oV' orufed in pursuance of this adt, or shall counterfeit or refen*- itisfehny t* We the impreffion of the fame, upon any vellum, parchment, or procure vellum, paper, thereby to defraud her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, ®c-t0.h* mar*t‘ of any of the said duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, or te^tn^Kps» fhall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, with ^ ^ such counterfeit mark or (lamp thereupon, knowing such mark

or (tamp to be counterfeit; or if any person whatfoever (hall. privately and fraudulently ufe any (lamp, provided or ufed, or to be provided or ufed in purfuance of this or any former adl or ails of parliament relating to the duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, fo as thereby to defraud her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, of any duty payable by this or any fuen former adl or adts of parliament; then every such perfoh fo offending, and being thereof convidled in due form of law, fhall be adjudged a felon, and fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXXV.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Commif-faid. That the said commiflioners, for the time being, ap-Goners to fur* pointed to manage the said duties upon ftampt vellum, parch- Great**1*5 ment, and paper, shall take care that the feveral parts of the Britain with kingdom of Great Britain (hall, from time to time, be fuffi- ftamps. ciently furni(hed with vellum, parchment, and paper, (lamped

and marked, as aforesaid, fo as the fubjedts of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, may have it in their eledtion to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the said commiflioners at the ufual and moft common rates above the said duties, or to bring their own vellum, parchment* or paper to be damped, as aforesaid', or to furni(h themfelves or others that shall have done the lame.

XXXVI.	And for the better diftribution of the said vellum, Treafury to parchment, and paper, and that the fubjedts may have the fame fet price on with more conveniency, and at an eafy rate; be it further

enadted by the authority aforesaid. That the commiflioners of	*

the treafury now being, and the lord high treafurer of Greaty Britain, or commiflioners of the treafury for the time beine,

(hall once in every year, at leaft, fet the prices of ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, that it shall be fold at; and that the (aid commiflioners for the said duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, shall ftamp the said price fo fet upon every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, (q by them to be fold i and that the said commiflioners 7	R 4	(hall



*4-3	Anno	nono	Ann.®, c. 23.	[1710.

Commif- shall likewife allow and pay to every person that shall bring vellum, parchment, or paper to the said head office to be rant. f0r ftamped in purfuance of this aft (the duty whereof hereby im-cvery iot. for pofed shall amount to the fum of ten pounds, or upwards) after € months. the rate of fix pounds ii> the hundred pounds per annum, for six months, upon present payment of the said duty upon the said vellum, parchment, or paper fo by them brought, over and above the like allowance upon the fame quantity by the said former afts; and that any persons that shall buy of the said commiflioncrs, or their agents, vellupa, parchment, or paper, at the head office for (tamping the fame, the duty whereof amounts to the like fum of ten pounds, or upwards, shall have the fame allowance.

Penalties, how XXXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforer faid, That all penalties hereby impofed, relating to the said duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be, the oqe qioiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, an<J fhe other moiety thereof, with full cods of fuit, to such person pr persons as (qall inform and fue for the fame in any of her Majefty’s courts at Weflminjler, for offences committed in England, Wales, or Berivictupon Tweed, and in her Majefty’s court of Exchequer in Scotland, fqr offences committed in Scotland, by aftion of debtj bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efToin, proteftiop, privilege, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, provifo for XXXVIII. And in regard of the uncertainty how many al-idmajucks. pnanacks for any one year will be fold, it is hereby provided qnd enafted, That the commilfioners for managing the said ftamp duties, shall and may deliver to the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, by or for whom any almanack or almanacks is or are to be printed or publifhed, paper marked or (lampt, according to the true intent and meaning hereof, fof the printing fuen almanack or almanacks, upon his, her, or their giving fufficient fecurity to pay the amount of the duties hereby charged thereupon, within the fpace of three months . after such delivery; and that the said commiflioners, upon bringing to them any number of the copies of such almanacks, within the said fpace of three months, and requeft to them in that behalf made, fhall cancel all the (lamps upon such copies, and abate to such person or persons fo much of the money due upon such his or their fecurity or fccurities, as such cancelled (lamps shall amount unto; any thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

From ji June, XXXIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforq-

years cards	^at	^rom ancJ a^ter elcventh day of June, one thou-

to pay 6d. per feven hundred and eleven, during the term of thirty two pack, and dice years from thence next enfuing, there shall be raifed, levied, 5s. per pair, collected, and paid, unto and for the ufe of her Majefty, her Made per be- heirs and fucceflors, for all playing cards and dice, which tuatbf^G, I, within or during the term laft-mentioned, shall be made fit for c. 7. f. 1. frle or ufe in -Grtat Britain, qr imported into the fame, the du-

 V^GOQle

1710.]	Anno	nono	Annje.	c.23.	X49

ties following 1 that is to fay, for every pack of such cards the fum of fix pence, and for every pair of such dice the fum of five (hillings, to be paid by the makers or importers thereof refpetftivcly.

And it is hereby enabled. That the duties upon Duties on such cards and dice imported shall be levied and brought into fai*ds and dice the Exchequer, in such manner and form, and under such pe-nalties and forfeitures, as any her Majefty’s cuftoms or. duties • on fubfidy goods inwards, are, by any laws now in force, to be levied ana brought into the said Exchequer.

XLI. And it is hereby enacted, That all makers of playing Makers of cards or dice, in Great Britain, after the firft day of Auguft, one cards and thojrfand* feven hundred and eleven, before they refpedtively after shall begin to ma^e any such cards or dice, shall give or fend \Q notice notice in writing, of the ufual houfe or place where they re- of the places fpe<ftively shall make, or intend to make the fame ; which no- *h«re thty tice shall be given or fent to the said commifiioners for the (lamp ^efor-duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, or to their officers future of 50U next adjacent to the place where such cards or dice shall be made; and the like notice shall be given or fent, by every such maker of cards or dice during the term laft mentioned, as often as they refpe&ively shall change their places for that purpofe, and as often as any person or persons shall fet up, or exercife the employment of making cards or dice,, in any houfe or place whatlo-cver in Great Britain, during the laft mentioned term, the like notice shall be given or fent; upon pain that every person making default in giving such notice, as aforesaid, for every such offence shall forfeit the film of fifty pounds; and that all and and to permit every perfon. and perfons, who (hall, during the term laft men- ^aw^ntof tioned, make any cards or dice in any houle or place not noti- card^and fied, as aforesaid, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum dice, on fbr-of fifty pounds ; and that all and every such person and persons feiture of 10U (hal) permit the proper officers for the said duties to enter such houfe or place for making of cards and dice, and take an account of the cards and dice there made, under the penalty of ten pounds for every refufel thereof; and that no maker of such and not to recards and dice, chargeable with the said duties by this ait, shall move themtiil remove or differ to be removed the fame from the houfe or place forfeiture^ of making thereof, from time to time, until such mark upon tfc cards, &c* the dice, and such feal upon the paper and thread enclosing and treble va-£very pack of cards, shall be put thereupon, as the commit hie. fioners for the said duties on ftampt vellum, parchment and caper, for the time being, (hall, from time to time, devife and u appoint, in writing under their hands, to denote the charging jhe said duties, upon pain of forfeiting all such cards and dice, and treble the value thereof, as shall be removed contrary to this aft.

Xtll. And it is hereby further enafted, That the said ma- Makers to kers of cards and dice, during the term laft mentioned, (hall, make entries once in every twenty-eight days, make true entry upon oath ^ daysT^ yrith the said commifiioners for the duties on ftampt vellum, for the bonds parchpient an4 paper, or with their officer next adjacent to their to be given bp

fold card-maker*'

google

 '

250	Anno nono Ann.®. 0.23^	tr7IC«

See 6 Geo. 1. feid place of making, (which oath the feid commiffioners, or any e. £ 57,' three or more of them, or the said officer, have hereby power to 5 *	adminifterj of all the cards and dice by such makers thereof re-

and to clear in fpe^bvety made, within the time for which, every such entry t weeks, on ought to be made; and (hall, once in every fix weeks, clear au forfeiture of the duties owing from every such maker, by paying the faine to w	-the receiver general for ftampt vellum, parchment and paper.

Makers con-* or to the proper officer for the-time being, for colledling the said cealing,forfeit duties, for the ufe Of her Majefty; her heirs and fucceffors* aol*	upon pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds for every de-

fault in making such entry, and double the duty for non-payment thereof.

XLIII. And it is hereby enafled, That every maker of cardi and dice, who shall endeavour to defraud her Majefty by any concealment, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the furti of twenty pounds : and that all the penalties and forfeitures im-pofed by this a<ft, in relation t6 the said duties on cards and . dice, shall be divided, to wit, one* moiety thereof to the Queen^ majesty, her heirs, and fueceffors, and the other moiety thereof to fuen person or persons as will feize, inform or foe for the feme; and (half and may be recovered in the fame manner and form, as any penalties or forfeitures bv this a<ft impofed, for any Offence relating to the said duties on ftampt vellufo, parchment 2nd paper, are to be recovered : and that all the monies arifing by the said duties on cards and dice (the neceffary charges ot tailing the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be brought , into the receipt of Exchequer, for the purpofes in this aft ex-prefled.

Duty on rock- XLIV. And be it cna<fted by the authority aforesaid. That lalt: exported from anj after the eleventh day of June, one thousand feven ^	hundred and eleven, for and during the term of thirty-two

11 June, 1711. years thence next enfuing, there shall be paid to her Majefty, her 98. per ton,	heirs	and fueceffors, the fum of nine (hillings for every tun of

rock	^ which shall be put on board any (hip or veflel in any

tuc/vI L i?' Part Great	and exported to Ireland, or entered out

for such exportation, over ana above the p.refent duties payable for the feme, and fo in proportion for every greater or leflef to be paid by quantity ; and the fame mall be paid by the exporter thereof the reporter, upon entry out for foch exportation, to the proper officer of the **	port	where such rOck felt mall be fo put onboard, or entered

.	f	put,	and before any cocket ftiaB be allowed or granted For the

feme; and the feid officer (hall.fign a certificate or receipt for foch fom of mohey as shall for, (Uch quantity of rock felt therein Specified be paid for by such exporter.

Drawbacks for * XLV. And for better fecuring her Majefty’s feid duty laft t jreian . Mentioned, be it further enafted1by the authority aforesaid. That _ r no drawback shall be allowed or paid to such exporter or his _ ' *r affigns, for duties formerly granted on rock felt, which, from , , and after the feid eleventh day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, shall be landed in Ireland, unlefs foch certifi-* '	Qr receipt hcrcih before ifientionecj* for payment of the duty

herehf

 L^ooQie

i*7io.]	Anno nono ANN-ffi. c.2f.	i$t

hereby granted, shall be firft produced and delivered up to the proper officer authorized to pay or allow such drawback; ahy adl or adls to the contrary thereof notwithftandirfg.

4	X^VI. Provided always, That in cafe any (hip or veflel car- Provifo for rying rock fait to Ireland, shall either be loft at fea, or taken by ftlPs the enemy, upon due proof made thereof upon oath, and pro- at fca# during the certificate or receipt before mentioned, that the duty hereby granted on such rock fait, was adlually paid upon entry oyt or the fame in Great Britain, the officer who figned the said certificate pr receipt, and received the said money, shall repay the fame without fee or reward.

XLVII. Arid it is hereby also enadled, That all the monies Duties on rock arifing by the said duties on rock fait, (the neceflary charges of f^t to be paid collecting and raifing the fame excepted) shall likewife brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purpofes in ^ this adt exprefled.

. XLVIIL And to the end all the revenues, duties, and fums CominUfion# of money by this act payable upon licences for hackney coaches Sableto ahd chairs, and the said new duties upon damp* vellum, parch- t^c* 9 ^ 'ment and paper, and upon cards and aice, and upon the expor- w. 3. c. ^ tation of rock fait for Ireland, by this adl granted, as aforesaid* may be duly and certainly railed, and the fame (except the ne-ceflary charges of raifing and managing the fame duties and otherwise in the execution of this adl) may be juftly and duly brought into the said receipt of Exchequer, according to the true meaning hereof; it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforesaid, That, from time to time, during the continuance of this adl, there shall be appointed such and fo many commiflioners and officers, as shall be proper and necefTary for managing, raifing, colledling, and paying the said revenues, duties, and lums of money laft-mentionea, and hereby granted* as aforesaid, and for keeping and rendring the accounts of the feme; and that the refpedtive commiflioners and officers concerned therein shall perform their feveral duties in relation to the premifles, as to them refpedlively fhall appertain, under such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, for any offence or negledt therein, or for detaining, diverting, or mifap-plying any part of the monies arifing by ihe said rates and duties, as are prefcribed, and to be inflidted by virtue of an adl of 9 & 10 W. j> parliament made and paffed in the ninth year of his late m^jefty c* 44*

King IVilliam the Third, intituled, An Aft for raifing a fiwn not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, for the like offence or negledt relating to the duties thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining* diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies which wera granted or appropriated by the adl laft-mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. Driver of That if any perfon, who fhall drive a coach, or carry a chair coach for hir# for hire, not being interefted himfelf in a licence fo to do, but °fl^ding,far* adl pnder lb? licence of another perfon, as his pr her fer-tott 1099

vant.

 ^ ^.ooQle

«r-feat to the houfe of correction for 7 dayj, &c.

tsdto for the nniverfitiw *

and for St. Alban's;

and for proprietors in printing almanacks;

Anoo jiooo Ann#. c. 23,	£1710.'

vajtf, or otherwise. shall be guilty of any mi(behaviour in his employment, by demanding more than his fare, or by giving abufive language, or any other rude behaviour, every such per-fon fo offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, either before the major part of the commiflioners for granting licences, according to this aft, or before any one or more of her Majefty’s justices of the peace for the city of London, and liberty of JVeJlmin/ler> or counties of Middlefex and Surrey (who are hereby impowered to enquire into such mifbehaviour, and to iffue forth their fum-mons or warrants, and adminifter oaths accordingly) shall for~ feit and pay a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, to be paid to the poor of the parifh "where such offence shall be committed * and if any person fo convicted, as aforesaid, shall not be able, or refufc to pay the said fum fo impofed, as aforesaid, he shall be committed to her Majefty’s workhoufe of Bridewell, or feme other houfe of correftion, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of feven days, and receive the public ppjreftion of the houfe, before he be discharged the fam6.

L. Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prejudice any right the two univerfities of Oxford and Cambridgef or either oPthem, have, or claim to have, to the licenfing any taverns, inns, or alehoufes, within their feveral jurifdiftions; but that the said univerfities may, from time to time, grant licences for any taverns, inns, gnd alehoufes, within their feveral jurifdiftionsv fubjeft to the feveral duties aforesaid, in as ample manner as they refpeftively might lawfully have granted the fame, if this aci had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforesaid. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, shall not in any wife extend to debar or hinder the mayor and aider-men of the borough of St. Alban's in the county of Hertford, or their fucceffors, from the using, exercifing, and enjoying of all ftach liberties, privileges, powers, and authorities, to them heretofore granted (by the name pf mayor and burgefles) by feveral letters patents under the great feal of England, by Queen Elizabethand King James the I irft, of famous memories, for the erefting, appointing, and licenfing three feveral wine taverns within the said borough, for and towards the maintenance of the free fchool there; but that the fame shall remain freed and discharged of and from the duty of four (hillings a licence, chargeable by this aft; any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

LTI. Provided, That npthing in this aft contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prejudice any right the two univerfities, or either of them, or the cqmpany of ftationers, or any person or perfohs have, or claim to have, to the printing or reprinting any almanack or calepdar? fubjeft to the feveral duties aforesaid.

MIL Provide*

 Goocle

1710.]	Amid	nono	Atfsm. C. 2$;	253

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the 4xt- And for the thorny aforesaid, Th^t nothing in this aft contained shall be conftrued to extend to charge any calendar or perpetual alma- common nack in any bible or common prayer book ; or to charge any prayer, &c. other calendar or almanack, with more than the duty that would be payable by this aft for such other calendar or almanack, in cafe it were made for three years only.

LIV. And whereas by an aft of the present fetfion of parliament, 9 Annar,c. 10. intituled, An act for eftablilhing a general poit-office for all her Majefty’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof, for the fervice of the war, and other hef Ma-jefty’s occafions, it is enabled. That from and after the nine and	*

twentieth day of September, one thousand feven mmdred and eleven* for and during the whole term of thirty two years from theme next and immediately enfuing, the full, clear, and entire weekly fum of feven hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, out of all the duties and revenues, from time to time, arifmg by virtue of that aft, Jhdll be brought and paid into the receipt of your Majejlfs Exchequer, in the manner therein mentioned, and under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities in that aft exprejfed: and by another aft of this fejfion of parliament, intituled. An act for laying certain 9 AnnffjC«iit duties upon hides and fkins tanned, tawed, or drefied, and upon vellum and parchment, for the term of thirty two years, for profecuting the war, and other her Majel^s mod neceflary occafions, feveral rates and duties for and upon such hides and Jkins, and pieces of hides and Jkins, vellum and parchment, as are therein mentioned, are granted or made payable to your Majejiy, your heirs and fuccejjors, for the term of thirty twoyears, to be reckoned from the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, with such other duties as in the fame aft are exprejfed, and all the monies arifmg by virtue of the aft lajl-mentioned, (the necejfary charges of ratfing, collefting, levying, paying, and accounting for the fame, only excepted) are thereby required to be also paid, from time to time, into the receipt of your Majejlfs Exchequer, in the manner and form, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as are thereby preferibed, as by the two afts laf-mentioned, relation being thereunto fever ally had, may morefully appear: and whereas it is 9 Aan»,fc Ity intended. That the said weekly fum of feven hundred pounds, to arife lu cut of the said revenue of the pojl office, and all the said duties upon hides and Jkins, and pieces of bides and Jkins, vellum, and parchment, granted by the two afts lajl-mentioned, and the revenue to arife by licenfmg coaches and chairs, and the said new duties to arife by flamfd vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon cards and dice, ana upon the exportation of rock fait for Ireland, Jhall all together be made a fund or fecurity, for ratfmg any fum not exceeding two millions, towards y our Majeffs fupply, for the fervice of the war, and other your Ma-Jeffs mojl necejfary occafions, by Jiieh methods, and in such manner and form as are herein after mentioned: now we your Majefty’s said dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, for and towards the raifing the said fum of two millions, do further moft humbly befpeeb your Majefty that it

may



«54

Made perpetual by i Geo. i.c. 7.

700k per week out of the poft office, aftd all > the duties by this a6k granted, appropriated tor the piirpofes of

thisaa.

Deficiency to be made good oat of the firft aids to be granted in j^UapMot,

' Anno nono Am#. c. 23.	[1710;

may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That yearly and every year, during the term of thirty two years, reckoning-the firft year to begin from the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, the full fum of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds, by or out of the monies to arife as well of or for the said weekly lum of feven hundred pounds out of the revenues of the general poft office, and of or for all the said duties, rates, and Turns of money upon hides, and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, vellum and parchment, by virtue of the said other ads, or either of them, and by or out of the monies of the said revenue on licences for hackney coaches and chairs, and of the said new duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, and upon cards and dice, and upon the exportation of rock felt for Ireland, by this ad granted, and by or out of the monies to arife by all the said branches, every or any of them, and to be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, from time to time, in cafe the fame shall extend to the said fum of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds, shall be computed and reckoned to be a yearly fund; and in cafe all the monies arifing into the Exchequer of or for all the duties, revenues, and branches charged, as aforesaid, shall not amount tQ one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds per annumy then the monies fo arifing, fo far as the fame shall extend, shall be part of the said yearly fend of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds per annum, for and towards the anfwering and paying of all and every the principal fums herein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to the fum of two millions fix hundred and two thousand two hundred pounds principal money, together with intereft for the fame, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum> as herein after is also mentioned j and in cafe the said monies by this ad appointed, as aforesaid, (ball at any time or times appear to be fo deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as that within any one year to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said monies arifing into the Exchequer, for all the duties, revenues, and branches charged, as aforesaid, shall not amount to fo much as one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds, that then, and fo often, and in every such cafe, fo much as shall be wanting to make up the said fund or fum of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds for every or any such year, shall be fupplied and made good, from time to time, out of the firft aid or fupply to be granted in parliament next after such deficiency (Ball appear, and (hall, from time to time, be transferred thereunto, as foon as the faifte shall be granted \ and for want of such aid or fupply, then such deficiency shall be fupplied and made' gpod by and'out of any publick money which shall be in the laid receipt of Exchequer, not appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by ad of parliament; and the commiffioners of the tttafury now being, or the lord high treafurer, or the commif-

(loners





255

1710.]	Annonono	Ann.#; c.23;

Coneys of the treafury for the time being, are hereby ftri&ly enjoined and required to make up such deficiency accordingly out of such unappropriated publick money, without any further or other warrant or authority for the fame.

LV. And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforesaid. Native* or fo-That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, na- cor^bute t2e fives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute fum 0f I0o^ for or towards advancing the said fum of two millions, by pay- or diver* en-ing at or before the refpedive days and times by this ad limited tire film* of in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for ,00** that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of one hundred pounds, or diverfe entire fums of one hundred pounds upon this ad; and th^t for the railing the said fum of two millions, any perfon, who will become a contributor or adventurer,

(hall ana may advance the fum of one hundred pounds, for which fum fo advanced, he, she, or they shall be entitled to receive such principal money and tfie intereft thereof, and such premiums, as herein after is exprelfed, to be paid by and out of the said yearly fund by this ad appropriated; and that every contributor or adventurer may advance as many entire fums of one hundred pounds, as he, she, or they shall think fit; and for every such fum of one hundred pounds fo advanced, he, she, or they is or are to be interefted in one lot or (hare of and in the said yearly fund by this ad appointed, and the fame entire fums of one hundred pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid unto such receiver and receivers, at or before the refpedive days and times, and in the refpedive proportions herein after mentioned (that is to fay) one fourth part thereof on or before the five and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, one other fourth part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of Augujl, in the said year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, one other fourth part thereof, on or before the fix and twentieth day of September, in the said year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the (ixth day of November, in the said year of our Lord one thoufimd feven hundred and eleven. The feftions relating te the drawing of the lottery arey

Her Majefty may appoint manager*. Book* to be provided with three columns, &c. Receivers to be appointed by the lord high treafurer, &c» Managers to examine the books, and deliver them to the receivers. See* Tickets how to be delivered out. Receivers to re-deliver the books, &e» by >5 July, 1711. Middle column tickets to be rolled up, and put intxv a box, marked (A). Innermolt to remain in the books. There shall be printed twenty thousand tickets $ the managers shall caufe the tickets to be divided into five clafTes } the firft claflis to confift of one thousand three hundred and thirty, upon one of which shall be writ one thoufimd pounds, and fipon fifty other, two hundred pounds, and upon the remaining one thoufimd two hundred feventy and nine shall be (everally one hundred and ten pounds 5 the.fecond claflis to confift of two thow-fand fix hundred and (eventy tickets, upon one of which shall be three, ^houfand pounds, upea one other two thousand pounds, upon one other one thousand pounds, upon one other five hundred pounds, upon four other fmndJy four hunched pounds, upon five other icverally three bun-.

dred





i£6

Ahno riono Anna; c. 23.

[i7io:

dred pound*, upon one hundred other feveraily two hundred pctnds, and uporf the remaining two tboufand five hundred and fifty feven shall be feveraily writ one hundred and fifteen pounds; the third claflis to confift of four tboufand tickets, upon one or which shall be four thousand pounds, upon one other three tboufand pounds, upon one other two thousand pounds, upon one other one thousand pounds, upon one other five hundred pounds, upon four other feveraily four hundred pounds, upon five other feveraily three hundred pounds, upon one hundred and fifty other feveraily two hundred pounds, and upon the remaining three thousand eight hundred and thirty fix feveraily one hundred and twenty pounds ; the fourth claflis to confift of five thousand three hundred and forty tickets, upon one of which shall be writ five tboufand pounds, upon one other four thousand pounds, upon one other three thousand pounds, upon one other two thousand pounds, upon one other one thousand pounds, upon one other five hundred pounds, upon four other four hundred pounds, upon five other three hundred pounds, upon two hundred ether two hundred pounds, and upon the remaining five thousand one hundred and twenty five one hundred and twenty five pounds ; the fifth daffis to eonGft of fix tboufand fix hundred and fixty tickets, upon one of which shall be writ twenty thoufarid pounds, upon one other five thousand pounds, upon one other four thoaland pounds, upon one other three thousand pounds, upon one other two thousand pounds, upon one other one thousand pounds, upon one other five hundred pounds, upon four other four hundred pounds, upon five other three hundred pounds, upon two hundred and fifty other two hundred pounds, and upon the remaining fix thousand three hundred and ninety four tickets one hundred and thirty pounds; together with five hundred pounds to the firft drawn ticket of eash claflis, and five hundred pounds to the laft drawn ticket of .each daffis, which will amount in the whole to two millions fix hundred and two thousand and two hundred pounds, fo that the owner of every ticket will be-entitled, at leaft, to the certain principal fum of foch claflis, that is to fay, one hundred and ten pounds for the firft claflis, one hundred and fifteen pounds for the fecond, one hundred and twenty pounds for the third, one hundred and twenty five pounds for the fourth, and one hundred and thirty pounds for the fifth claflis, and intereft at fix per centum per annum, from the nine and twentieth of September, one thousand feven hundred and eleven. If the firft fourth part of 4,0000001. be not paid in by 25 June, then the fund to be proportionable to the fum advanced. The 40,000 tickets to be put into five feveral boxes. No money to be received after 15 June, 1711. Publick notice of the time of cutting the tickets. The manner of drawing the tickets. The manner of filing the tickets. The manner of entring the tickets of the feve* ral dalles. The manner of adjufting the feveral premiums. To be paid in such numerical order as they shall be drawn, Sec. A table of the number, order, and courfe of the tickets, Sec. to be printed. Managers to adjudge to whom the premiums belong. Forging tickets felony. Managers to make books of the fortunate, and tranfmit them to the Exchequer. Payments to be quarterly. Managers to be fwom: their oath. Penalty on officers of the Exchequer, and other officers offending. EXP.

Money lent LXVII. And be it further enacted, That any money contri-buted or lent bv, or payable to any person or persons, upon or by virtue of this a<ftg shall npt be charged or chargeable with any rates, taxes, duties, or impofitions whatfoever.

Tickets to be exchanged for ftanding orders. How the firft and fecoad year's intereft of large premiums dull be fecured. Orders co be paid in courfe, See. Treafury may divide extraordinary benefits of above aooo 1. into orders of 5001. E X P,

17*o.J Annonono Ann^s* c.

*57

}[irtue of this aft, as of the said intereft to grow due upon the be applied to ame ; be it further enafted, That all such monies as shall arife Pay and come into the receipt df the Exchequer, upon or for the said mtcrcft* rates and duties upon hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and ikins, vellum, and parchment, on or before the said nine and twentieth day of September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, shall be applicable and applied to the payment of fo much of the said principal fum of two millions fix hundred and two thousand two hundred pounds, or of such proportionable part thereof as shall be due by virtue of this aft, as the fame will extend to pay and dif-charge* according to the courfe of payment before direfted;

Sind that from and after the said nine and twentieth day of Sep-temper, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, during the said term of two and thirty years (urtlefs the said principal fum of two millions fix hundred and two thousand two hundred and two pounds, or of such proportionable part thereof, as shall be due by virtue of this aft, and all the intereft thereof shall be Tooner paid off and difcharged) yearly and every year, ac* counting every year to commence from the nine and twentieth day of September in each and every year, the yearly fum of one hundred eighty fix thousand nx hundred and Seventy pounds, of the monies which shall arife and be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, for or upon all the laid duties, revenues, and branches hereby charged, as afore* faid, and in cafe the fame will not extend thereto, then fo far as the fame will extend, shall be applied and appropriated,, and the fame is hereby accordingly appropriated, for and toWards paying and difcharging the money which shall remain1 due of the said principal (urn of two millions fix hundred and two thousand two hundred pounds, or of such proportionable part thereof, as shall be due by virtue of this aft, and the intereft thereof, in planner following, (that is to fay) That quarterly, viz. on or within twenty days next after the five and twentieth day of December, five and twentieth day of March, four and twentieth day of June, and the nine and twentieth day of September, yearly and in every year, during the said term of two and thirty years, the commiflioners of her Majefty’s treafury now being, or the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, shall caufe a true and exaft account to be made of the monies which (hall, on or before every refpeftive five and twentieth day of December, five and twentieth day of March, four and twentieth day of June, and nine and twentieth day of September, of and jn each and every refpeftive year, have arifen or been brought into the Exchequer, in the preceding quarter of a year, ending on the said five and twentieth day of December, five and twentieth day of March, four and twentieth day of June, and nine and twentieth day of Sep-Umber, in every year, for or upon all the said duties, revenues, and branches hereby charged, as aforesaid \ and that dedufting

Cr\ miloc	<i1? Ua fii+s\ r\oit on/1 Alicfiu <in/l

wh





*5*

Surplus dif-pofable by parliament.

Anno nemo Anna. c. 23.	[1710*

for such preceding quarter of a year,, upon and for all the monies then due and unpaid of the said principal fum of two millions fix hundred ana two thousand two hundred pounds, or of such proportionable part thereof, as shall be due, by virtue of this aft, or for payment whereof money is not referred in the Exchequer, the whole refidue and remainder of the monies fo arifing or coming into the Exchequer, in such preceding quarter of a year, shall be immediately, from time to time, applicable, appropriated, and applied towards paying and dif* charging such part of the said principal fum of two millions fix hundred and two thousand and two hundred pounds, or of such proportionable part thereof, as shall be due by virtue of this aft, as shall then remain due and unpaid, and that accord-* ing to such method and courfe of payment, as aforesaid, fo as the whole produce of all the said duties, revenues, and branches hereby chaiged, as aforesaid, which shall be brought into the laid receipt of the Exchequer in any one year, to be'computed from the nine and twentieth day of September, in every year, doth not amount to more than the said yearly fum of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and leventy pounds, or filch proportionable part thereof, as is hereby appropriated for paying and difeharging the principal money and intereft charged thereupon by this aft; it being intended, that the said yearly fum of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds, or such part thereof, as shall be in such proportion, as aforesaid, to the whole fum which shall be advanced or contributed by virtue of this aft, and no more, (hall, during thtr laid terra of thirty two years, be applied and appropriated for paying and difeharging the said principal and intereft, unlefs all the principal money, and intereft chargeable thereupon by virtue of this aft, shall be fooner paid off and discharged.

LXXIIL Provided alfo9and be it further enafted. That in cafe after the said nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, there shall be any furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the rates and duties, and fains of money appropriated by this aft, at the end of any one year of the said term of thirty two years (every such year to be computed from the nine and twentieth day of September m every year) over and above the said yearly fum of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds, or such proportionable part thereof, as aforesaid, and after such application, as aforesaid, of the said yearly fum of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy pounds, or such proportionable part thereof, as aforesaid, and after all other charges and payments direfted or authorized by this aft, shall be hftly fatisfied, paid, and discharged, or money fufficient shall be referved for that purpofe, such furplus or remainder shall be referved for the publick ufe, and shall be difpofed and difpofeable by authority of parliament, and not otherwise; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding. following fettiom are expired.]

PuWkk





259

1710;]	Anno nono Ann.*. C. 23.

Publick notice to be given when orders lhall become payable. Eight pence per cent, per diem, to 79 Sept. 1711. allowed for the nrft payment. Pour pence per cent, per diem for the other three payments. Receivers may take in money before they receive their books. Contributor ad vane* ing one part of the payment, and failing in the next, forfeits what is paid. See. Officers to be paid out of the money anting by this aft. If principal and Hitereft be fully paid off before the thirty two years, then duties to oeafe. Treafury to appoint a pay mailer. Set. Allien mentt of Handing orders to be regiftered. Receipts for plate brought into the mint, jftirfuant to her Maiefty’s warrant, to be accepted as money for contributions on this aft. The major part of bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, may advance their money or plate on the credit of this aft. Benefit tickets in the lottery 1710, not being adjufted, present managers pn*y fettle them before 19 Sept. 1711. EXP.

LXXXV. And'be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That Ciaufe of ap-all the monies lent or to be lent to her Majefty upon one aft of P*’°Rr5ation • this feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to ftj^gnmted her Majefty to be raifed by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the fer- this feflion. vice of the year one theufand feven hundred and eleven, and lb 9 Ann*, c. u much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted, as lhall arife and remain after all the loans made or to be made upon that aft, or thereby transferred, or direfted to be tranf-ferred thereunto, and the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for the raifing the said tax, lhall be fatisfied, or money fufficient lhall be referved to discharge the fame; and all the monies lent and to be lent unto her Majefty upon another aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for 9 Ann*, c. 3. eharging'and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and eleven, and fo much money of the said duties of malt, mum, cyder, and perry thereby granted, as lhall arile and remain after all the loans made or to be made upon that aft, or thereby transferred, or direfted to be transferred thereunto, and the intereft thereof, and the charge thereby allowable for the raifing the said duties thereby granted, lhall be fatisfied, or money lufficient lhall be referved to discharge the fame; and all the monies arifen, or to arife by another aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An 9 Ann*, c. aft for reviving, continuing, and appropriating certain duties upon feveral commodities to be exported, and certain duties upon coals to be tvaterborn and carried coafiwife, and for granting further duties upon candles, for thirty two years, to raife fifteen hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and eleven ; and for Jupprejfing such unlawful lotteries, and such infurance-offices as are therein mentioned 5 and all the monies lent and to be lent unto her Majefty upon one other aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for laying a duty upon 9Ann*,c. i»# hops, and fo much money (if any such be) of the said duty upon hops, as lhall arife and remain after all the loans made or to be made upon that aft, and the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the said duty upon hops, lhall be fatisfied, or money fuflicient lhall be referved to discharge the fame; and all the monies which, over and above the allowances for prompt payment^ and other allowances direfted by

5	2,	this





Anno nono Ann.®, c. 23.	£1710.

this prelent a61, shall arife of or for the said contributions, not exceeding the fum of two millions in this adfc mentioned, shall be appropriated for or towards the fevcral ufes, intents, and purpofes herein after exprefled; that is to fay, that out of all the monies hereby appropriated, or any of them, or by regif-tring orders upon them, or any of them, there (ball be paid and fatisfied to the governor and company of the bank of Eng* land,, all such fum and fums of money as shall be due and payable unto them, by virtue of an adt of this fefilon of parliament for enabling and obliging the bank of England, for the time therein mentioned, to exchange all Exchequer bills for ready money upon demand, for or upon the yearly fum of forty five thousand pounds therein mentioned, from the commencement of their late undertaking to circulate all Exchequer bills, according to the said adt, until the one and thirtieth day of July3 one thousand feven hundred and fourteen, inclufively, at such times, and in such manner, as in the fame adfc are preferibed; and that all the reft and refidue of the monies by this adl appropriated, shall be applied and difpofedfor or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of her Majefty’s navy, and for victuals, wages, wear and tear, and other fervices of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for fea fervice in the ordnance, performed and to be performed j and for or towards maintaining a body of forty thousand men, which was raifed to adt in conjunction with the forces of her Majefty’s allies, and for or towards maintaining the additional forces of ten thousand men in the Low Countries ; and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of three thousand Palatines, formerly taken into the fervice of her Majefty and her allies; and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of four thousand fix hundred thirty nine Saxons, taken into the fervice of her Majefty and the States General, in the year one thousand feven hundred and feven $ and for or to* wards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of BotbmaP* regiment of dragoons, confifting of eight hundred men, formerly taken into the fervice of her Majefty, and the States Generali and for or towards defraying her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of the troops of augmentation, which were taken into the fervice of her Majefty, and the States General, in or about the year one thousand feven hundred and nine; and for or towards the charge of the office of her Majefty’s ordnance for land fervice, performed, and to be performed, including the charge of the fortifications of Gibraltar ; and for or towards the charge of tranfportation of land forces, performed, and to be performed; and for or towards the payments of her Majefty’s proportion of the fubfidies payable, purfuant to treaties made and to be made with her Majefty’s allies; and for or towards the charge of maintaining her Majefty’s guards and gar-rifons in Great Britain, including five thousand men to ferve on board the fleet, and for the payment of the invalids, and all contingent charges belonging to the said guards and garrifons*

and





*11710.]	Aimo nono Annjr. c. 23.	261

and land forces refpedively 3 and for or towards the charges which have been or shall be expended for the fcrvice of the war in Spain and Portugal3 and for or towards defraying the extraordinary charges of the war in Spain, Portugal, the Low Court-tries, and elfewhere, incurred, and to be incurred 3 and for or towards fatisfadion of the fum of three thousand five hundred pounds for falaries, and any fum not exceeding two thousand five hundred pounds, for payment of clerks, and other charges to be allowed, without account, to the feven commiffioners appointed by an ad of this feffion of parliament for dating the accounts ot all the publick monies; and to none other ufes, intents, and purpofes whatfoever.

LXXX VI. Provided always, That out of the monies to be Soldier* for iffued to the guards and gamfons, as aforefeid, there shall and fea fervice, may be taken and applied any fum not exceeding eighty feven ho.^to ** thousand one hundred twenty five pounds, and ten (hillings, pal * towards the charge of maintaining the foldiers raifed, and to be raifed for fea fervice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; and out of the monies to be iffued for the fervice of the navy, and fea fervice, as aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied such fums as, together with the said fum not exceeding eighty feven thousand one hundred twenty five pounds, and ten (hillings, shall be neceflfary for the charge of maintaining the said foldiers for fea fervice* with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LXXXVIL Provided alfo, and it is hereby enacted and de- No appropri-clared, That no appropriation, or other matter or thing in this jitK*2.to ob~ .aft contained, shall obftrud or hinder any payment which by Jem any other ad of this feffion of parliament shall be required and treafurer of authorized to be made by the treafurer or paymafter of the the navy, to aiavy for the time being, or by any other persons to be intruded make goodde-with the publick monies for the fervice of the navy, out of such ^"outVsea publick monies, tallies, orders, or parliamentary fecurities in corporation, their hands or power refpedively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to any corporation to be ereded by or in purfuance of such other ad of parliament 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVIII. And whereas the proprietors and inhabitants of the 103,0031. it*. ijlands of Nevis and Saint Chriftophers in America, did Juftain 4d; r° be di-very great Ioffes by a late invafton of the French, who committed great depredations there 3 and it became neceffary to give fome tnc u- hlb^nts V*~ ragement to the fufferers by the said invafton, to refettle their plan- Nevis and n. tations in the said ijlands, to prevent the great damage which the Chriftoohcrs crown might etherwife fufain by the total loss thereof: For the )?h? re' making good of the said encouragement, it is hereby enaded by far/L/ prXi~ the authority aforesaid. That the fum of one hundred and three fiotu relating thousand and three pounds, eleven (hillings, and four pence, hereto, by fhalj be diftributed to and amongft such proprietors and inha- *0Ann*,0^4.

S3	.	bitants5	C0‘I#C#J*



262	Ahn^ndno	Anna. c.23.	fijrfa;

S Geo. t. c. 10. bltants only of the said islands of Nevis and Saiflt Chrijldpheri^ qJJ’ and l*. who have refettled, or fhall refettle their plantations in the j0.° l# c**' fame islands refpedively; and that her Majefty’s cotnmiffioaers for the affairs of trade and plantations, or the major part of them, now or for the time being, shall caufe a proportionable part of the said fum for every one of the said proprietors and inhabitants, who fuffered by the said invafion, and who have refettled, or fhall refettle their plantations in the said Hlands, or either of them, according as the loss fuftained by everyfuch proprietor or inhabitant doth or fhall appear to the fame com-miflioners of trade and plantations, or the major part of them, by the return of a commiflion for that purpofe formerly ifliied, to be carefully computed and adjufted, fo that such faflerers refpedively, in proportion to their refpedive Ioffes, be entitled to their refpedive (hares of the said fum of one hundred and three thousand and three pounds, eleven (hillings, and four pence; and that the said commiffioners for the affairs of trade and plantations, or the major part of them* do on or before the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, make forth the debentures for the said proportional fums not to exceed in the whole the said fum of one hundred and three thousand and three pounds, eleven (hillings, and four pence, to be paid to the said proprietors and inhabitants, or to their certain attornies, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns refpedively ; which debentures shall be (igned by the 6id com-miflioners of trade and plantations, or the major part of them, and shall bear intereft for the principal fums therein to be contained, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, from making forth the fame, and shall be entred in the regifter kept for the debentures which were lately charged on the forfeited estates in Ireland; and such principal and intereft shall be fatis-fied in like manner as the unfatisfied debentures which were lately charged on the said forfeited estates in Ireland, are to be fatisfied and discharged, and shall and may be delivered to such as the persons to be intitled thereunto refpedively have author rized, or shall authorize to receive the fame, in order to obtain such fatisfadion thereupon.

Commiflion- LXXXIX. And it is hereby enabled. That the (hid commif-ers of tpde floners for the affairs of trade and plantations, or the major part M^conwrn- t^em> Thailand may enquire upon oath (which they, or any ingthe persons one or more of them, have hereby power to adminifter) or by mettled any other lawful ways and means, of and concerning the per* there. fons who are or shall be refettled in the said islands, or either of tfiem, and be thereby entitled to a proportional part of the 1 said fum to be diftributed to of amongft such perfons, accord* ing to the true meaning of this ad.

Coals carried XC. And whereas in an all paffed in this present fejfion tf par-from the weft Uament, intituled, An ad for reviving, continuing, and appropri-of Scotland to ating certain duties upon feveral commodities to be exported, toil's a>als anc* certa*n duties upon coals to be waterborn and carried coaft-fromVthe weft wife, and for granting further duties upon candles, for two and

thirty



*7laJ	Anno nono Ann^e. c. 24;	26%

thirty years, to raife one million five hundred thousand pounds, of England to

by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thoufand

feven hundred ana eleven, and for fupprelfing such unlawful 9	**

lotteries, and such infurance offices, as are therein mentioned,

fome doubt may arife what duty is charged upon coals exported from

the wejl {/‘Scotland to Ireland, or the Ifle of Man; be it enabled

and declared by the authority aforesaid. That the said coals fhall

be charged with the fame duty, and no more, as coals exported^

from the weft of England to Ireland, and the IJle of Man, are*

and ftand charged by virtue of the said a6t.

CAP. XXIV.

An ad far relief of the creditors and proprietors of the company of Mine Adventurers, by eftabltfbing a method for fettling the differences between the company and their creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the mines of the said company.

WHEREAS the governor and company of the Mine Adven* turers of England (by the great txpences in working and manufacturing their mines and minerals, and by other charges incident to fo great and difficult an undertaking) have controlled fo great a debt, that by their Jlock or produce of the said mines, or jale or mortgage thereof the said company is altogether unable to pay the fame : and whereas by the unhappy differences and difputes that have arifen amongfl the members of the said company, and also between the said company and their creditors, the working and managing the said mines is almoft totally interrupted, whereby the large fums of money expended in bringing them to their present fate and condition, are in great danger of being entirely loft: and whereas the mines belonging to the said company are fo rich and valuable, that if the fame were fettled and eftablijbed under good management, and a regular conftitu-tion, they might, befides anfwering the charge of working them, turn mere to the JatisfaClion of all persons interefted or concerned therein, and Ukeunjegreat benefit would accrue to the publick by fo profitable a tnanufaClury: and whereas an expedient hath been fropofed for fatif-fying the debts, and compofing the differences of the said company and their creditors, by an union or coalition of their refpeClive debts and inter efts in and upon the said mines, under one denomination, andfor raifing a Jlock for effectually working and manufacturing the Jaid mines ana minerals 5 and for difeovering all unwarrantable practices that have been therein, andfor preventing the like for the future, by fettling the management under a more regular eftablijhment, it ts therefore humbly prayed, that it may be enabled; and be it enabled All grants, by the Queen’s mofl excellent majesty, by and with the advice See. made by and ednient of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, t^e^?mP?l^r in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of yentulers, the lame. That all grants, contracts, bargains, fales, leafes, fmee they firft mortgages, conveyances, and aflurances, made of any mines, ftopt payment minerals, lands, tenements, hereditaments, flocks, goods, and ofthejr billi, Chattels, by the said governor and company of Mine Adventurers VOi *

S	4	of



of England to any person or persons whatlbever, Ancc the time the said governor and company of Mine Adventurers of England firft ftopt or poftponed payment of their bills or bonds, or by any person or persons feized or poflefied of any mines, minerals, lands, tenements, hereditaments, (lock, goods, and chattels, in truft for the said governor and company of Mine Adventurers of England, shall and are hereby declared to be abfolutely void and of none effelt.

IXP*	All	new	(hare# above the $pi* allowed by charter, void, See. Money ad*

vanced on the call 15 Feb. 1708, &c. allowed. Bargains, See. made the fince the company ftopt payment, good. Creditors united with the members. A general meeting of the company and creditors to be called within so days after 11 June, 1711. Deputy governor, See. dying, Scc. others fin be chofen. Deputy governor. See. to manage the company’s affairs. A book to be provided by 15July, *711, to enter claims. Attendance to be given daily tor entring claims, till 16 Sep. 1711. Claimm names to be printed. Creditor*, Sec. to give in their claims by 16 Sep. 171a. Accountants to examine the claims. A lift to be printed of tne persons entitled to (hares. Sharers names, See. to be entred in a book. Shares aftignable, &c. After duke of Leeds's death, governor to be annually choien having ten (hares. Qualification of voters. Scc. after the new diu tribution of mares. Proxies. Governor, Sec. annually to ftate the condition of the company, See. Penalty for not ftating.

Governor, See, at a general meeting, may call in 40s. per (hare.

Penalty on members not paying.

IX.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid* That for the railing a (lock of money for the better carrying on the working and improving the mines of the laid company of the Mine Adventurers of England, and for anfwering the exigencies of the said company, and, in the firft place, lor defraying the neceffary charges of palling this present alt; it shall ana jnay be lawful to and for the laid governor, deputy governor* ana dirdtors of the said company, with the confent and approbation of a general aflembly or meeting of the members of the said company, duly called, after such new divifion and diftribu-tion of the nx thousand and twelve (hares, made in manner a* is by this alt required, to call in, or direlt to be paid to the said governor, deputy governor, and direltors, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the fame, any fum or turns of money, not exceeding forty (hillings per (hare; and that all executors, adminiftrators, guardians, and truftees* shall be indemnified in paying the fame; and in cafe any member of the said company shall negldt or refufe to pay his, her* or their (hare of the money fo called in at the time or times appointed for that purpofe by notice in the London Gazette, be* Ine, or they fo neglelting, lhall forfeit one moiety of his or their refpeltive (hares or intereft in the said company, which said moiety fo forfeited, as aforesaid, shall remain and be for the ufe of the said company, who may difpofe thereof at a general court; and it fhall and may be lawful for the said governor, deputy governor, and direllors, and their fucceflors, toreftrain or hinder the said member or members from transferring his or their other moiety of (hares or intereft, or any other part thereof, in the said company : Provided always. That the said governor and company may, by feveral calls, in manner as before di-

relted.





26 5

I7i°]	Anno	ixrno	Anna*,	c. 25.

reded, appoint the payment of any part of the said fum of forty (hillings, and at feveral times; but the said governor and company are hereby reftrained from calling in upon their faid, members at any time or times, any fum or fums exceeding in the whole forty (hillings per (hare ; and every call fo made and appointed, after the refpedive proprietors ot the fix thousand and twelve (hares have paid in, for the ufe of the company, forty (hillings per (hare, shall be void, and of no force or effed.

Accountants to examine the accounts. See. of the company, and to ex* EXP, amine thofe who managed the company's affairs, See. No transfer to be where accounts are depending. Deputy governor, &c. in 1707. or fmcc, not capable to be elected again before 16 Nov. 171a. Shares, Sec. not claimed before 16 Sep. 1711. forfeited. Except in case of difpute.

XVI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That thisPublick %ft.

I shall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad of parliament, of which all judges, juftices, and other persons are to take notice.

Prbvifo for the parish children of Saint Sepulchre's, and Elizabeth Hammond* For Richard Sterne of York Efqj For the duke of Leeds,

CAP. XXV. -'/in aft for making the aft of the fifth year of her Majeftfs reignr for the bitter prefervation of the game, perpetual, and for making the fame more effeftual.

WHEREAS the aft made in the fifth year of ber^Majeflfs 5 Ann*, c.14.

reign% intituled, An ad for the better prefervation of the game, will expire at the end of this present feffton of parliament, unlefs the fame be continued: and whereas the said aft oath been found to be an ufeful law for the prefervation of the game of this kingdom $ be it therefore enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent maje(ty,by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said recited ad, and all The aft 5 the claufes, matters, and things therein contained, shall (land Ann*, c. 14. in full force and virtue, and be continued, and deemed, and P*1^ taken to be a perpetual law, fubjed nevertheless to the additions jor alterations herein after in this ad contained: that is to fay,

Whereas by the said recited ad, any lord or lady of a manor might appoint feveral game keepers in the fame manor, and every one of the game keepers fo appointed might kill any game in the fame manor; for the preventing therefore of the deftruc- After 1 May, tionof the game of this kingdom, which may happen by ap- 1711, lords of pointing feveral game keepers in the fame manor, with autho- raa,l®TS rity to kill the game therein; be it further enaded by the au- o5!TgameUt thority aforesaid. That from and after the firft day of May^ one keeper in one thousand feven hundred and eleven, no lord or lady of a manor manor, whofe fhall make, conftitute or appoint above one person to be a gameoa"J® keeper within any one manor, with power or authority to kill or	clcr£** f

lleftroy the game thereof j and that the name of such perfon, the peace.

fo By 3 Geo 1.

 VjOOQIC

266

Tbt gam keeter mufl be either qualified, or the lord's ferwmt.

Game keepers not fo qualified, or other unqualified perfon, killing or felling any hare, &c. to be liable to the forfeitures infixed by the said ad on higlars, See.

5 Afinae,c. 14.

If any hare, See. be found in the (hop, &c.of any unqualified person, &c. it shall be judged an expofing to fale.

Killing any hare, 6cc. m the night, to incur the like forfeitures.

loGeo.i.c. 31,

No person shall between ?July and 1 Sep. take any wild dock, Scc. by hayes, See,

Anno nono Annje. c. 25. f 1720#'

fo to be authorised to lull the game, (hall, from time to time* be entered with the clerk of the peace, for the time being, of the county, riding, or divifion wherein such manor doth lie, such entry to be made and viewed without fee or reward, and a certificate thereof to be granted by the clerk of the peace, upon, payment of one fhilling for the lame; and in cale any other game keeper, whofe name shall not be fo entered, as aforesaid, who shall not be otherwise qualified by the laws of this kingdom to kill game, shall prefume to kill any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor, heath-game, or groufe, or it any game keeper or game keepers, or outer perfbn or persons whatfoever, not being qualified in his own nght to kill game, shall fell, or expofe to fale, any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor, heath-game, or groufe, the refpe&ive offender or offenders herein (hall, for every offence, incur fiich forfeitures, pains, and penalties, as are in-* Aided by the said recited ad upon higlars, carriers, inn keepers, or viduallers, for buying or felling of game, such forfeitures to be recovered by such means, and in such manner and foftn, and within such time, and to such ufes, as are preferibed by the said ad; any thing in the said recited ad, or in any other law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-(landing.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That if aiw hare, pheafant, partridge, moor, heath-game, or groufe, mail be found in the (hop, houfe, or pofieffion of any person or persons whatsoever, not qualified in his own right to kill game, or being entitled thereto under Some person fo qualified, the fame shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be an expofing thereof to fale, within the true intent and mean^ ing of this and the said recited ad; any thing in this or in the said recited ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whatsoever, shall take, kill, or deftroy any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor, heath-game, or groufe, in the night time, the person or persons fo offending, (nail likewife for every such offence incur such forfeitures, pains, and penalties, as aforesaid, to be recovered likewife by such means, within such time, and to such ufes, as aforesaid.

IV.	And whereas very great numbers of wild fowl, of fevered kinds, are defrayed by the pernicious practice of driving and taking them with hayes, tunnels, and other nets, in the fens, lakes, and broad waters, where fowl refort in the moulting time, and that at a feafon of the year when the fowl are fuk, and moulting their feathers, and the flejb unfavory and unwholefome, to the prejudice of thofe that buy them, and to the great damage and decay of the breed of wildfowl; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whatfoever, between the firft day of July and the firft day of September, as they shall yearly happen, shall by hayes, tunnels, or other nets, drive and take any wild duck, teal, widgeon, or any other fowl, commonly reputed

water



267

1710.}	Anna	florib ANtojg. c. 26.

water fowl in any of the fens, lakes, broad waters, or otbef places of refort for wild fowl in the moulting feafon, such person or perfens, who shall fo offend, and thereof shall be convicted before any one or more of her Majeft/s justices of the peace for the county where fach offence shall be committed, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs, shall for every wild dock, teal, or other water fowl fo taken, as aforesaid, forfeit on forfeiture' and pay the fum of fire (hillings; one moiety thereof to be paid °f to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parilh	&c.

where such offence shall be committed; the fame to be levied tjjC inforrn«-,° by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the other to * the hand and feal of the justice and justices of the peace, before the poor, to be whom the offender (half be convicted, rendring the overplus, if any be, above the penalty and charge of diffrefs; and for want 0f which the1 of diftrefs the offender or offenders shall be committed to the offender to be houfe of correction for any time not exceeding one month, nor committed, left than fourteen days, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour 5 and the justice or justices of the peace, before whom such person or persons fo offending shall be convicted, shall order such hayes, nets, or tunnels, that were ufed in driving and taking the said wild fowl, as aforesaid, to be feized, and im- &c. to bede# mediately deftroyed, m the prefence of such justice or juftices. ftroyed.

CAP. XXVI.

An alt for the tetter prtfervatim and improvement of the Jifbery within the river of Thames, and for regulating and governing the company of fifhermn of the said river.

WHEREAS the prefervation of the fijhery of the river of Thames, end the good government of the company of fijber-fnen of the fend river, are not only highly neceffary for furmjhmg her,

Majeftfs Jubjells inhabiting within the titles of London and Weft-tninlxer, arid the parts adjacent, with goody wholfornty cheapy and feafonabk fijby but Ukewife advantageous to her Majejlyy and the trade of thiskingdmy in breeding up able-bodied fea fearing meny and preventing frauds committed in running of goods and merchandizes, whereby the revenues of the crown have been mucbleffened; be it enabled by the Qpeen’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the pi vice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the feme. That from and after the tenth day of Juney one thou- Af T ' fend (even hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful to ,7llf 9 and for the court of affiftanu of the said company for the time court of af-being, or the major part of them pretent, to make such by- fiftants of the laws and ordinances for the good rule and government of the *tt'crme™ said company, as they shall think fit, fo as the fame be always mak^by.™^ firft approved of, or from time to time, altered or amended by laws, to be the court of the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of Londony approved by and likewife allowed and confirmed, according to the fprm Mermen of the statute in that behalf made and provided; and that from London ° and after the said tenth day of June, there shall be yearly and 9

every

268

who shall chufe yearly out or the fix wardens of the Paid company, a mailer of the art of fifhermen; and out of the 12 afliftants fix wardens fthe water bailiff of London to be one) and 30 afliitant*

The matter, &c. conftitut-ed the court of afliftants, who lhall meet the firft Thurfday In every month, to regulate abufes. See.

They shall fummon the fifhermen, and caufe their names to be regiftred, &c..

(hall caufe marks to be

Eut on every oat.

Every person fummoned, See. and refuf-ing to appear, shall be fent on board the fleet, and dif-ahled from fifliing fpr two years.

Anno nono Annje. C.26. ,	I1?1®*

every year eledted and chofen by jhe next court of lord mayor and aldermen, to be held after the said tenth day of June, out of the fix wardens of the said company, for the time being, to be nominated by the faLd court of afliftants, one fit person to be a matter of the said art or myftery of fifhermen; and also out of twelve afliftants to be nominated, as aforefiud, fix fit persons to be wardens of the said art or myftery, (whereof the water bailiff of the city of London, for the time being, shall be one) and in like manner out of fixty of the commonalty to be nominated, as aforesaid, thirty fit persons to be afliftants of the said company ; which said matter, wardens, and afliftants, or any fix-teen of them, together with three of the said wardens, shall be, and are hereby conftituted the court of afliftants of the said company, for the time being, and shall meet and aflemble together, from time to time, on the firft Tburfday in every calendar month in the year, in the hall of theYaid company, in order to form the said court of afliftants, and keep the fame, for regulating and reforming abufes committed in the said fifhery, and for the due ordering and governance of the said company ; to the holding of which court the said water bailiff shall be always duly fummoned to attend ; and the said court of afliftants, or the ma~ jor part of them prefent, (hall, from time to time, call before them all and every such person and persons as shall ufe to fifh or drudge within the limits of the said fi(hery as common fi(her-nien or drudgermen, and caufe every such perfort and perfons* being duly qualified* or having ferved on board her Majefty*s navy for the fpace of two years, to have his or their name or names entred and regiftrea in a book or books to be kept by the said court of afliftants for that purpofe, together with his and their refpedHve places of abode, and the name of every apprentice or fervant belonging to \i\m or them, in using the trade of filhing or druging within the said limits; and shall likewife caufe fome mark of diftindtion, by figure or otherwise, to be placed on every boat, yeflel, ana craft, which (hall, after the said tenth day of June, be ufed in fifhing or drudging within the limits aforesaid; which said figure or mark of diftindtion shall not be changed, altered, or defaced, to the end, that from time to time, and at all times hereafter, every such person and perfons, apprentice, and fervant, as shall offend, contrary to the meaning of this adt, may the better be detedted, and that her Majefty, her heirs and (ucceflors, may the better be enabled to know what number of able bodied feamen the said company can furni(h for publick fervice 5 and that every person and persons being duly fummoned by thejiredtion of the said court of afliftants, to be and appear before them, in order to be entred and ferve on board her Majefty’s navy, who (hall, without lawful caufe, refufe or negledt to appear, according to the tenor of such fummons, fhal! be fent on board her Majefty’s navy, and be difabled from fifhing on the said river of Thames for the fpace of two years,

II. And



*rl710-3 Anno nono’Annie. C.26.	269

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That no Ko fpawn, person or persons whatfoever thall, from and after the faid

tenth day of June, wilfully kill, or expofe to fale, any fpawn, * L# fry, or brood of fifh, or fpatt of oyfters, or any unfizable, final!, or unwholfome fifh, or catch, kill, or deftroy any fifh out of feafon, or expofe such fifh to fale, or Wilfully or know- nor fifh caught ingly buy, harbour, receive, or ufe as food for hogs, or other- out of feafon. wife, any such fpawn, fry, brood of fifh, or fpart of oyfters, unfizable, fmall, or unwholfome fifh, or any fifh caught out of feafon, on pain of being punifhed as herein after is mentioned ; and that falmon fifh, which are become very fcarce by deftroying No fajmon ^ great quantities of falmon, and falmon-kind fifh, betwixt the be taken be-twenty fourth day of jfuguJ}y and the eleventh day of November, tween 24 Aug* in every year, when they are out of feafon, or fpawning, may and 11 Nov* become very plentiful and common in the said fifhery, as they were formerly, no person or persons whatfoever shall prefume to fifh for, or take and wilfully kill, hurt, or deftroy any falmon, or falmon-kind fifh within the said limits, at any time or times betwixt the said twenty fourth day of Augttjl and the said eleventh day of November, in any year, from and after the said tenth day of June; and that it (nail and may be lawful for the said lord mayor, upon application to him by the said court of The lord aftiftants, to order and direeft any number of ftakes to be driven	’

and fixed in any place within the said river, betwixt the London ft^es to^e mark ftone above Stains bridge, and London bridge, as by him fixed in the and them shall be thought moft convenient for preferving the river, to prefry, fpawn, and brood of fifh, fo as the fame be no ways preju- ^crvc tlic dicial to the navigation of the said river ; and that no person or persons whatfoever shall prefume, without lawful authority, to remove, loofen, or pluck up the fame, on pain of being punifhed as herein after is mentioned.

III.	And to the intent the publick may be ferved with fifh cheap, and at the firft hand, and for a more fpeedy way to pu-ni111 offenders, who daily regrate great quantities of unfizable

and unfeafonable, as also other fifh, in and at the market of Nofifh fhall

Billingfgate ; be it therefore enadled by the authority aforesaid, be (old more

That no fifh fhall be fold more than once within the said than once

market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingfgat

dock, to which all forts of fifh are ufually imported; nor fhall kef.?c!aruT

any person or persons, other than free fifhmongers, in their none to fell

houfes and (hops, fituate and being within the diftance of the fifh »n the

faid one hundred and fifty vards of the said dock, and not in

the market of Billingjgate aforesaid, and other than fifhermen, or gfl^onger*,

the firft importers of, or persons bringing up such fifh to the nihermc.i, See*

faid market, their wives, apprentices, fa&ors, or fervants, for

the time being, actually hired for that purpolc, prefume to fell,

or expofe to fale, any manner of fifh whatfoever in or at the faid

market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of the said dock,

after the said tenth day of June> on pain of being punifhed as

herein after is mentioned.

IV.	And



270	Anno	nono AnNjb. c. 26. •	£17x0.

The court of IV. And be it ena&e$i by the authority aforefiud, That the affittants to &id court of afliftants shall yearly and every year, by even and annum to^he P01^005* 00 the feaft days of Bafier and Michaelmas* pay water bailiff, or caufe to be paid unto the laid water bailiff, or his affigns, the fum of thirty pounds, free from all taxes and other incumbrances, in lieu end fatisfadbon of such ancient fees as were due to him, and which will be dimini (hed or taken away, by virtue of this adk, except the granting licences for taking filh in their feveral feafons, according to cuftom, the benefit whereof is hereby intended to be continued and fayed unto the laid water . bailiff for the time being, over and above the said fum of thirty pounds per annum.

V.	And for the further preventing fareftaUing, Pegrating, and engrofiiog fi(h, at unfeafonable hours, in the market of Billingjgati; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. No fi(h to be That no fiih whatfoever shall be fold or expofed to fale, on market&c. *,aarx* t>r on Ihore, (within the limits of the said market, or before 3 in the within one hundred and fifty yards of the said dock, as afare-morning from faid) by any person or persons whatfoever, before the hours of L*dy Day to three a clock in the morning from Lady Day to Michaelmas, and and fi vefrom k°f°rc the hours of five a clock in the morning from Muhaelaas Michaelmas to Lady Day, and fo annually; and that the proper officer do to Lady Day. ring the bell appointed for that purpofe, at the time and place aforesaid, under the penalties to be inAidted by this a&.

The lord VL And be k further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mayor, &c. That the lord mayor and aldermen or the dty of Lending or any fhall have one of them, for all offences committed witnin the jurifdt&ion terminecom- -^the (aid lord mayor, as confervator of the (aid river of Thames, plaints, and the justices of the peace of the refpedkive counties, or any one of them, for all offences committed in the said limits, and out of the jurifdidfcion of the (aid conservator, shall have full power, upon view, or upon complaint made to them, or any .one of them, to examine, hear, and determine, by the oath of any perfon, or by confiefilon of the party offending, all com-

___r	plaints and offences committed against the intent of this adk,

line orr$-	*nd uPon	of such offender, to impofe a fine upon

fendm, net him or her, proportionable to the offence fo committed, not above 10I. nor exceeding the fom of ten pounds, nor lefs than the fum of five left than 5*. (hillings, to be levied by diftrefc, or otherwise, on such of-unle& ^end« s goods and chattels, at the difcretion of the said lord paid immedi- mayor, aldermen, or juftices, or any one of them, unlefs such mtely,	offender shall immediately pay such fine, or give good and fuf-

ficient fecuritv to such mag'rftrate or magistrates before whom or futurity he or (he shall be fo convidted, to (land to and abide such order ghVCn d° abf3c 28 ^e ma(^c ^ court confervancy, held by the laid the faief court l^d mayor, as confcrvator, as aforesaid, upon such convi&ion of confer- a* shall be made by the said lord mayor and aldermen, or any vancy, &c. one of them, or at the general quarter feffions, by the justices of the peace holding the fame, upon any such convidlion made before them, or any one of them, in cafekhe -offender fhall thiqk fit tQ appeal to the said court of confervancy, or to the faid

quarter

ft.

 LiOOQle

1710,] Anno nono AniOb. c.26.

271

quarter felDont; and in cafe no diftrefs or diftrefles can be found, If no di&refe, tiie offender or offenders shall be font to the boufe of oorredhon, tiiere to remain without bail or mainprise, and to be kept to bouieof hard labour, for any time not exceeding two months ; and that corredtioa for all and fingular the forfeitures and penalties arifing by this pre- two months, lent adt, for any offences contrary thereunto, committed within the jurifdidtion of the said confervator, (hall, from time to time, be paid, the one moiety to the informer, the other moiety unto How the for-the said lord mayor, as confervator of the said river of Thames 5 fcjtums dull and that all the forfeitures and penalties arifing by this present aPPllc** a&, for any offences contrary thereunto, committed out of the ^ jurifdidtion of the said confervator, (hall, from thxte to time, be paid, the one moiety to the poor of the pariih where such offence (halt be committed) and the other moiety to such person who shall prosecute the (aid offender.

VII.	Saving always to the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, Saving to the her heirs and fucceffors, and all bodies politick or corporate, and to the high court of admiralty, and the court of confer- ^^^5) ££ vancy, and all other courts and perfons, all fines, forfeitures, ’ penalties, amerciaments, and wreck of lea, which of right1 have been referred, and become due and payable to the said courts and persons refpedHvely, for and in refptdi of the said fifhery or drudging, <?r .otherwife, and all rights, titles, eftates, ju-rifdidtions, privileges, franchifes, or demands whatlbever, in as full and ample manner as the fame were or have been before the -ni" of this adt

Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority ^ Aalj afbrefaid, That this a A, or any thing herein contained, shall not prejudice not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prejudice or dero-the rights, «te from the rights, privileges, or authorities of the city of °*Loa-London* exercifed by the lord mayor of the (aid city for the tme don* being, as confervator of the said river of Thames and waters of Medway, or el few here, or any of the rights of the admiralties nor ofthe ad-or vice-admiralties of Kent or Effex, or the pifearies or fifhtngs miraltiesof belonging or appertaining to the said city of Lendmty or any other city or town corporate, or any lords of manors, pro- lords of ma-prietors, owners, or occupiers of any rivers, creeks, dreams, nors, &c. or fi(heries, adjacent to, or within any part of the said limits, or to the rights of any other person or persons within the limits afbrefaid.

IX. Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained Nor shall it fhall attend, or be conftrued to extend, to any fifhermen or extend to drudgermen, who now do, or shall hereafter inhabit or dwell	^

in any of the cinque ports, or their members, or in the city of Jh/cinque* Rochejitrj or towns or places of Stroody Chathamy FinJbmrjy Gil- Ports, Ro-lingham, Milton, Queenboreughy Fever/hamy IVkitJlapley or the chefter, &c* places adjacent; but that such fifhermen and drudgermen shall and may ufe and exercife their trades of fifhing and drudging, and felling, in as full and ample a manner as they have heretofore lawfully done, to all intents and purpofes as if this adt had never been made.



X.	And

zed by 

Anno nemo Anna. c. 27;.

It shall be ta-' X. And be it further enured by the authority aforefakj, **& pu*5‘ That a<^ be deemed and taken to be, and is hereby a^6n/ declared to be a publick adt of parliament,, of which all judges, Src. be juftices, and other persons are to take notice; and in cafe any brought, the adtion, bill, plaint, fuit, or information shall be commenced or defendant profecuted again ft any person or persons for what he or they imM^Tue <*o lR purfuaoce, or by virtue of this adt, such person o® Jtc. and shall persons shall and may plead the general ifliie, and gpve this recover hill	and the (pecial matter in evidence j and the defendant or de~

cofts.	fendants (hall, in cafe the plaintiff be nonfuited, or difeontinue

his adtion, or that a judgment upon a demurrer, or a verdidk pafs agakift the plaintiff, recover his or their full cofts of fuit, for which the said defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as in such cafes where cofts by the laws of this realm are given to defendants.

GavingtoMar- XI. Saving also unto Margaret Cage, widow, her executors, .gairt u^eheradminiftrators, and afiigns, out of all monies arifing to the (aid annuity Tor company by this adt, and the other profits and income pf the (aid company, one annuity granted unto her, under the common feal or the said company, for her life, and all arrears thereof, with intereft.

CAP. xxm

An act for the encouragement of the trade to America.

6	Anns,c,37. TXT’HEREAS by an ad of parliament made in the fixtb year VV of her Majejly's reign, intituled, An adt for the encouragement of the trade to America; it is, among other things, enaCled, That the flag-officers, commanders, and other officers and feamen of any Jbip or vejfel of war in her Majefly's pay or fervice, and the owner or owners of any private Jhip of war, authorized an4 appointed by commijpon or commissions according to the frni aCf, during the present war, to attack, furprize, feize, and take any Jbip, or other private Jhip or Jhips of war, or veffels, goods, ammunition, arms, flares of war, or merchandizes, belonging to, or pojfeffed ty any of her Majejly's enemies, in any fea, creek, haven, or river in America, (except as therein is excepted) Jhall have the foie tnterefl and property of and in all and every such flip, vtffel, goods, am ' merchandizes, being firfl adjudged lawful prize, in any of her Aia-jifty's courts of admiralty, and fubjed to the cufloms and duties payable to her Majefly, as if the fame had been firfl imported to any part of Great Britain, and from thence exported, for and in refpeCl of all such goods and merchandizes, to be divided and difpofed of as in the said aCl is directed; in purfuance of which aCl fevered bonds and other fecurities have been given for the payment of such cufloms and duties for prize goods and merchandizes taken in America, and adjudged to bo lawful prize; but by experience it is found that the fubjeCling such prize goods and merchandizes taken in America, to such cufloms and duties, as if the fame had been imported into any part of \ Great Britain, and from thence exported, hath been very prejudicial to her Majefly'5 plantations and colonies, and hath, in a great meafure, prevented



*73

1710.]	Aanonono	Annjb. c.2$.

xttutti tbt imfttrtttioa thertof into tboft	and	eolonits; be

it therefore enadted, &c.

After 1 June, 1711, all prize goods, to. taken in America, shall be liable to duties. Su 10 Anmtt c, 12.

II.	And whereas feveral bonds and other fecurities have been obtained at Jamaica, for the payment of duties chargeable by virtue of the said daufe in the aft of the fixth year of her Majeftfs reign* upon eocoa, figure* mdico* fnuff* tobacco, piemento, and other commodities of the growth of America, which are ufudly afterwards imported into this kingdom* and pay the full duties here; and also for wines and brandies which are feldom fent from Great Britain, which may reafmably be discharged of the said Britifh duties* becaufe the said feveral commodities are, upon their importation into Jamaica, liable to pay large cuftoms towards the fupport of that government; ' be it therefore, fefr.

All bonds, See. at Jamaica, to which captors are liable For duties on cocoa, fugar, See. shall not be profecuted till the end of the next feflions of parliament. The tenor, &c. of the said bonds, &c. to be certified to the com-miflioners of the cuftoms in England, who shall make report thereof to the commons in next parliament. All prize goods imported into Great Britain, made liable to the fame duties as if the/ had not been prize.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to dijfohe the prefent* and prevent the future canty bination of coal- owners, lightermen* tnafters of flips* and others* to advance the price of coals* in prejudice of Abe navigation* trade* and manufactures of this kingdom* and for the further encouragement of the coal-trade.

TX7HEREAS the cities of London and Weftminfter, and other * * places* are chiefly fupplied with coals brought by fea from the counties of Durham, Northumberland, and town and county of Newcaftle upon Tine, and fhe having the fame at cheap and reafon-able prices* tends greatly to the improvement of the manufactures and increafe of the trade and navigation of this kingdom* by breeding and employing many thoufands offkilful mariners for the fervice of her Ma-jefly* and defence of the realm* and to the relief of the poor; and for that end* and for the better advancing of the duties upon coals granted to her Majefly for the carrying on the present war againfl the common enemy* it is necejfary the fame Jbould not be monopolized* but that the coal trade Jbould he free and open* and that all prejudices* hindrances, andobflruftions* that may any ways affeft the said trade* Jbould be removed* prevented* and kindred; be it therefore enabled by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, - and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Contrails b*< all and every contract or contracts, covenants or agreements, tween coal whether the fame be in writing or not in writing, and whether o^ers, to. heretofore made or entred into, or hereafter to be made or en-	y"?

tred into, by or between any coal-oWncrs, lightermen, fitters, legal*.

Vol. XII.	T	matters,

Digitized.

I by 

274

Anna nono'Annje. c. 28.

[1710.

Penalty on coal owners. Sec. after x Tune 1711, keeping up such con-ira£b, Sec.

Fitters certificates to tne ffiip mailer.

to be regiftred at the cocquet office in London, 6r with the keepers of cocquet* in other ports. Refilling to

lfisftete, or owners of (hips or veffels, crimps, coal fadors* or other person or persons whatfoever concern^! in the said coal trade., for engroffing coals, or for reftraining or hindring any person or perlons whomloever from freely felling, buying, loading or unloading, navigating or difpofing of coals, in such manner as they lawfully may, shall be, and are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all intents and purpofes: And further, that if any coal owners, lightermen, fitters, matters, or owners of (hips or veffels, crimps, coal fadtors, or any other person or persons whatfoever, (hall, ,at any time or times, from and after the firft day of June, one thousand feyen hundred and eleven, keep up, continue, adt in, make, enter into, fign, feal, or be knowingly interefted or concerned in any contract or con-tradls, covenants or agreements, before by this adt declared to be illegal, null, and void, or shall eredt or keep up any office or offices, chamber or chambers, or other place or places for the management of such contract or contracts, covenants or agreements, as party or parties to, or knowingly interefted in the fame, or shall any ways act or officiate therein, as officer, clerk, agent, or fervant to or for the persons fo contracting, agreeing, or acting, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the person or persons fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay as follows; that is to fay, every coal owner or owners, or proprietor of or in any pit or mine, pits or mines of coal, the fum of one hundred pounds; and every fitter* whether acting by himfelf, bis agent or fervant, the fum of fifty pounds : and every matter or owner of any (hip or yef-felj tne fum of twenty pounds ; and every officer, clerk, agent, or fervant, as aforesaid, the fum of twenty poands.

II. And for the further encouragement ot the said coal trade, and for preventing of frauds and abufes therein -r be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every fitter or other perfon, vending or delivering coals, or fome or one of them, shall give a full, true, and ample certificate or certificates to each and every (hip matter every voyage, figned by his or their hand writing, containing the day of the month, and year of such loading, the matters and (hips names, and the exa6t quantity, and the ufual names of the feveral and refpe&ive collieries out of which the said coals are and shall be wrought and gotten, and the price paid by the matter or matters for each and every fort of coals that each and every fitter or other perfon, vending or delivering coals, as aforesaid, his or their agent or fervant* hath fold and loaded on board each and every (hip or vefiel; which said certificate or certificates (hall, upon the arrival of.thc said (hip at the port of London, or any other delivering port, be regiftred, if delivered in the port of London, at the cocquet office, always kept and appointed by the lord mayor of London, for the time being; and if delivered in any other delivering port, then at the cuftom-houfe, with the keeper of the coequets there, for regiftring whereof no more than fix pence shall be paid; to which (aid regifter any person or persons shall and

may



jytoi]	Anno	nono	Ann®.	c.	28*	27$

may have recourfe to fee and examine without fee or reward: give certifi-ana in cafe any person or persons omit or refufe to give fucti catf> certificate or certificates, as aforesaid, or shall give or make any falfe certificate or certificates, or any matter eft matters of any (hip or veflel shall knowihglv give in any falfe certificate or certificates to be regiftred, or (nail not, within forty eight hours after eritry of his (hip at the cuftom-houfe of London, or other delivering port, give in his or their certificate or certificates to be regiftred in manner aforesaid; or if the person or persons or not regi-who ought to regifter, file, or enter such certificate or certifi- (bring, &c.for. cates, or his or their clerk or deputy, officiating in such office 10 or offices, shall negledt to regifter the fame for the fpace of four and twenty hours after the delivering such certificate or certificates into such office or offices, or shall make a falfe entry of such certificate or certificates, or refufe to (hew and produce such certificate and certificates, and regifter thereof, to any person or persons, coming at the ufual office-hours to fee and infpedt the fame ; every person fo offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

III.	And whereas feveral lightermen, majlers of Jhips, crimps, coal fafiors, or other persons dealing or being concerned in the coal trade, in the port of London, or other ports, have received fabrics, gratuities, rewards, or fums of money, either by the year or chalder, or otherwise, from the coal owners3 fitters, or majlers of Jhips, in the port of London, or elfewhcre, to the difeouragement of the said coal trade; for remedy whereof, be it further enadted by

the authority aforesaid, That if any lighterman or lightermen, Lightermen, matter or matters of (hips, crimp, coal fadtor, or other person &c. receiving or perfons, buying or felling, or dealing in coals, or otherwise co^owncr*1 concerned in the coal trade, by him or themfelves, his or their forfdt# agent or fervant, or any other person or persons, (hall, at any 501, time or times, from ana after the firft day* of June aforesaid, receive or take, for the ufe or benefit of such lighterman or lighter- ^ue^fulrei m men, matter or matters of (hips, crimp, coal fadtor, or other	~

person or persons, any falary, gratuity, reward, allowance, fum Jand above tb* or fums of money, from any coal owner, fit or other person or persons whatfoever, for < vending, felling, or difpofing of any particular ]	„	,

preference of any other forts of coals, ,or for the loading of any (hio or veflel, or for the difpatch, delivery, or difpofal of the coals from on beard of any (hip or (hips, or veflels, before other (hip or (hips, or veflels, or shall knowingly fell one fort of coals for and as a fort which they really are not; every person offending, (hall, for every (uch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

IV.	And for the better difeovery of all or any the offences offender difc in this adt mentioned; be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, covering, in-That any jjerfon that shall be guilty of any the said offences, and demnified,ai*4 fhall, within three months after the offence committed, make difcoveiy of any coal owner or owners, or proprietor of any coal

pit or pus, or of any fitter, their officer, clerk, agent or fervant,

T 2	dr



ajS	Anno	nono	AnnM. c. 2$.

or of any matter or owner of any (hip or veflel, or ofany lighterman, crimp, coal factor, or other petfon concerned in the coa! trade, fo as he or they shall be convicted of any of the said offences, such difcoverer shall be difcharged of and from the penalties and forfeitures for such offences, and shall receive the fame benefit and advantage as any other person or persons shall be entitled unto, by virtue of this aft, for such ditcovery or information.

y^bove fifty coal (hips, continuing in port 7 days, matters forfeit 501. each.

Ship matter, paying over lea duties for coals, to have coatt bond difcharged.

Crimps, Sec. ▼ending coals to their own agents, in fruit for

V.	And be it further enafted. That if any number of (hips, being loaden with coals, and bound for the port of London, or any other port where the said coals shall be delivered, exceeding fifty in the whole, (hall, after they are loaden, continue in the port of Newcajlle, or in any port or place between Newcajlle and London, above the fpace of feven days, unlef* they shall be tm-loaden in such port or place, or prevented by wind and weather, or for want of neceffary repairs. Convoy, or fome other unavoidable caufe, every matter of every (hip, fo continuing, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

VI.	And whereas the exporting coals to parts beyond the feas, in Britifh flips y tends very much to the improvement and increafe of the Britifli Navigation: to the end therefore that all reafonable encouragement may be given to such exportation; be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That any (hip matter, whofe (hip is loaden with coals only, and has entred into bond to deliver the said coals in fome port of Great Britain, may, upon producing his coatt cocquet, and making oath of the true quantity of coals aboard his (hip (fuch quantity not being left than is exprefTed in the said cocquet) before the proper officer of tbt cuttoms, in any port of Great Britain, pay the cuftom or over-fea duty for such coals, and (hall, on luch payment, receive a certificate, figned and fealed by the cuftomer and comptroller of such port, for such duty fo paid ; which certificate, being giveh into the cuftom houfe of the port where such coals were laid on board, fyall discharge the coatt bond given by such (hip matter, in the fame manner as if the said coals had been landed in fome port of Great Britain.

VII.	And whereas feveral persons ailing as crimps, hu/hanis, a-gents, or factors for mafiers of flips importing cools into the port of London, under colour of such their employments, do often fraudulent-ly vend the coals intruded to them by the said flip matters, as afore-faid, to their own agents, partners, fervants, or other perfons, for their own ufe and benefit, and at rates below the market price, and when fo fold do again greatly advance the rates thereof to the prejudice and difcGuragemevt of the said flip tnafiers, and great opprejjion and hindrance of the manufacturers^ and other confumers of coals, far remedy whereof, and preventing the like mifehief for the future; be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, afting as crimp, hulband, agent, or faftor for any (hip matter importing coals into the said port of London, (hall, from and after the laid firft day of June, verel or fell tto his or their own agents, partners, or fervants, or to any other

perfon

*7*o.]	Anno	nono	ANrfi&'te.	28.	277

person or persons whomfoevcr, in truft for him or them, or for tbemfelves, his or their own ufe or benefit, the coals, or any part thereof *or*cit 591* intruded by any Alip matter to him or them fo to be (old, as a-forefeid, every person fo offending (ball, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

VUL And for preventing the great abufes to her Majefty in Fitters, See. her cuttoms and revenue, by the fecret practices between the laying coale fitter, or person laying coals on board the (hips, and the (hip aboard matters, by laying the laid coals on board in keels and veflels not admeafured, gauged, and marked, according to law; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every fitter, or other person laying, loading, or putting coals on board any (hip, or other veffel, in the port of Newcajue upon Tint, Sunderland upon the river hVare, Cullecoats, Seaton, Sluice, Blythe Node,

Or any other the members, havens, creeks and places whatfo-ever, to the (aid port of Newcaftle belonging, or in any wife appertaining, by or in any keel, cart, wain, or other vettel, not admeafured, gauged, and marked, according to the law in that cafe made and provided, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the fum of ten pounds.

IX.	And for the better carrying on of the (aid coal trade; be Colliers not to it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That no coal owner of any employ other collieries, or coal mines, within the counties of Northumberland,mcng fcrvanta* Durham, or town and county of Newcajlle upon Tine, or his or

their overman or overmen, ftaithman, fitter, or agent, (hall^ knowingly employ or fet at work any overman, under-overman, pitman, finker, carriage man, waggon driver, (kipper, keelman, labourer, wright, or other person or persons, who are or shall be retained, hired, or agreed with, and actually employed in the said coal trade by any other coal owner (of any collieries or coal mines, lying or being within the counties aforesaid, or any of them) or his or their overman, ftaithnjan, fitter, or agent, during the time he shall be employed under such retainer, hiring, or agreement, and his wages duly paid, or knowingly keep or employ such person or persons, upon pain and penalty, for every fix days he or they shall keep or employ such person or persons, to forfeit and pay for every such offence the Aim. of five pounds.	>

X.	Provided, That any persons who shall be retained, hired, wagCt or agreed with, as aforesaid, and shall not be paid their wages not paid in within fourteen days after the fame shall become due, may be *4 day»« hired and employed by any other person or persons what-

foever.

XI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all Penalties how and Angular the penalties and forfeitures in this a<ft mentioned *° be dittri-(hall be, one moiety to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors,butcd* ** and the other mioicty thereof to him or them that shall fue for

the fame within the fpace of three months next after the offence shall be committed, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Ma^» jefty’s courts of record at tf^eftminfier, wherein no effoin, pro-

T 3	teftion.

a;*

Aft to continue 3 yean,

fcc.

i Anne, ftat, i. c. 18.

Anno nono Annjb. C. 29,30.	£171$.

tedion, or wager *t law, shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance given.

XII.	Provided always, and be it ena<5ted by the authority a-forefaid. That this a£t shall continue and be in force for three years, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament, and no longer. Made perpetual by 1 Geo. 1. flea. 2.	26.

CAP. XXIX.

^.n a ft for raifing the militia for the year one thousand feven hundred and eleven, although the month's pay formerly advanced, be not repaid. EXP.

CAP. XXX.

£n all for reviving and continuing an act made in the firft year of her Majeflys reign, for the more effcftualpreventing abufes and frauds of persons employed in the working up the woolen, linen, fuftian, cotton, and iron manufactures of this kingdom.

WHEREAS art aH of parliament was made in the firjl year of her Majejly's reign, intituled. An aeft for the more effectual preventing the abufes and frauds of persons employed in kthe woj-feing up the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, ana iron rrianufadtures of this kingdom, to continue for the fpace of three years, to commence from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and three, and from thence to the end of the next Jeffton of parliament, and no longer; and whereas the /aid aft is expired, hut while in being, was found of good ufe, for preventing abufes and frauds of persons employed in making of the said manufactures \ be it enabled by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual an^ temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said adt made in the said firft year of her now Majefty’s reign, and every article and clause therein contained, shall be revived, and be in full force, from the firft day of May* which shall be in the year of our Lord, one thou-land fjyen hundred and eleven, and from thence be continued and made perpetual.

A1

Anno Regni ANN/E Regime decimo.

T the parliament begun and holden at Weftnunfter the twenty fifth day of 'November, Anno Dorn. J710, in the ninth year of the reign of out Anne, by the grate of G, of Great Britain, France, • and Ireland, Queen, defender of the , &c. the firft 9 U tit record ftffion °fI bis present parliament. And from thence continued h added, arid by	feveral	prorogations, to the feven(h day of December,

nuedbytd"11" 1711 • * being the second fefiion of this present parliament.

IIVIVU UJ	^	^	^	»	.•

jourauients till the eighth day bFjuly, in the eleventh yeqr of her Majefty'• reign

«4	>	d

CAP.



17* 1*1 Anno decimo A^nje. c. i,	*79

C A P. I.

An act for granting an aid to her Majefty, to be raifed by a land tax in ' Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and twelve. EXP. ft. in the pound.

CAP. II.

An act for preferring the proteftant religion^ by better fecur-ing the church of England, as by law eftablifhcd \ and for confirming the toleration granted to proteftant dijfenters by • an aft, intituled, An act for exempting their Majefties proteftant fubjefts, diftendng from the church of Eng* land, from the penalties of certain laws, and for fupplyv* ing the defefts thereof * and for the further fecuring the proteftant fucceftion, by requiring the prafticers of the law in North Britain to take the oaths^ and fubfcribe the declaration therein mentioned.

WHEREAS an aft was maiefn the thirteenth year of the n Car. *.

reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft *• c* for the weU governing and regulating of corporations ; and an-1 ether aft was made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the Jaid late King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the prevent- *5 Can*, o^a-r ing dangers which may happen from popifh recufants\ both which afts were made for the fecurity of the church ^England, as by law eftablijbed: now for the better fecuringUbe said churchy and quieting 'the minds of her Mqjefiy's proteftant fubjefts diffenting from the church of England, and r endring them fecure in the exercife of their religious . worjhipy as also for the further ftrengthening the provif on already made for the fecurity of the fuccejfton to the crown in the noufe of Ha* nover; be it enafted, (jTr.

After 25 March, 171*. If any officer, civil or military, &c. who receive* This aft re*' any falary, &c. or if any magiftrate of a corporation, See who by the afts pealed to the of 13 Sc 2$ Car. *. are obliged to receive the facrament, shall after their feventb fifth*) admiflion into their office, and during their office, and during their conti- by 5 Geo. i. <*.4, nuance in it, be present at any conventicle, See. such person shall forfeit f 1 •

40 1. to be recovered by the profecutor. Every person foconvifted, shall be difabled to hold his office, See. and incapable of any imployment in England, See. Perfon, after conviftion, conforming to the church of England, for one year, &c. shall be capable of the grant of any office. Every such person to make oath the next term after admiffion into any office, or at the quarter feffion, &c. that he hath conformed, Sec. Oath to be made of the offence within 10 days, and profecution within 3 months, Sec. This a££

(haU not vacate any office of inheritance, fo as a fufficient deputy be appointed to execute it.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by thp-rhetolentioa authority aforesaid, That the toleration granted tp the pro- grai1ted to teftant dmenters, by the a& made in the firft year of the reign proteftant dif-of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An oil for exempt- tenters hv ing their Majejlies proteftant fubjefts, (lijfenting from the church -.'y* * a England, from the penalties of (erta'tn laws, uiall be, and is hereby ratified and confirmed, and that the fame a61 {hall at all titles bp inviolably obferved, for the exempting of such prote-

T*	ftant





aft?	AnoodednaoAnvjk. c.a.	{ijtu

flant diflenters as are thereby intended, from the pains and peJ palties therein mentioned.	■	'	-

If say differ	VIII. And for the rendring tbi fold lafi^mentioned aftmorx ef->

holy onierl fftual* according to the true intent and meaning thereof; be it fur-iccJ) who * ther enaded and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if any would have person diffenting from the church of England, (not itvholy or-bcc" ^tled ders, or pretendeef holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, of thatal? if nor any	or teacher of any congregation) who Ibonld

he had taken have been entitled to the benefit of the said (aft-mentioned ad, the oaths, &c. if such person hac) duly taken, made, and f^jbferibed the oaths fliall he pro- ^nd declaration, or otherwise qualified him or herfclf, as requiring	c<* hy the said ad, and now is or (ball be profecuted upon or by

tutef&c. shall virtue of any of the penal ftatutes, from which proteftant Ait-during such (enters are exempted by the said ad, shall at any time during profecution such profecution, take, make, and fubfenbe the firid oaths and to Vr behur ** ^l^tion, or being of the people called Shakers* shall moke m Quaker ihall an<l fubferibe the aforesaid declaration, and all'o the declaration make the dc- of fidelity, and fubferihe the profeffion of their chriftian belief, clarion, to. according to the said ad, or before any two. of her Majefty’s ju-titled to^the” ^ce$ ^ie Peace (w^° w hereby required to take and return benefit of the fan*e to next	feffions	of the peace, to be there re-

corded) fiich person shall be, and is hereby entitled to the benefit, of the said ad, as fully and effedually as if such person had 4*fiy, qualified hirofelf within the. time preferibed by the said a4r, and ftjall be thenceforth exempted and discharged from all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by force of any the aforesaid penal ftatutes.

Adiflenting IX. And wlxrem it is or may he demited whether a preacher or teacher, qua- Uacher of any congregation of diffenting protdlants, duly in all rejpefts lified accord- qualified according to the said aft* be allowedf, by virtue of the said aft* mwoifi- t0 Wc*ate'tn any congregation in any county, other than that tn which sriatfe in any be fo qualified himfelf, although in a congregation or place of meeting other county duty certified and regifired as is required by the said aft; be it declar-than where he ed and enaded by the authority aforesaid. That any such preacher Sucl?twcher# or ^eac^cr» f° duly <l^alified according to the said ad Ihall be and to produce a *s hereby allowed to officiate in any congregation although the certificate, to. fame be not in the county wherein he was fo qualified; provid-of his having cd that the said congregation, or place of meeting hath been be-?elf * to?and* ®E)rc officiating* duly certified and regiftred or reoorded ae-fhail ifrequlr- cording to the said ad : and such preacher or teacher, IhaH, if ed make the required, produce a. certificate of his having fo qualified hia-dedaration, felf, under the hand of the clerk of the peace for the county or place where he fo qualified himfelf, which certificate such cierk f	pf the peace is hereby requited to make; and shall also before

any justice of the peace of such county or place where fie shall fo officiate, make, and fubferibe such declaration, and take fuch

oaths as are mentioned in the said ad, if thereunto required. All*advocates, X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That to in Scot- on or before the fifteenth day of June next, all advocates, writr Jand, shall take ers f0 the fignet, notaries publick, and other members of the pointed by* co^e& °f juftice, within that paft of her Majefty’s kingdom of

 *

I7it.ll Ann© decmio AnNjb. 0.3,4.	aft

Gnat JtaTtriBicaHcd Scttlamt, fhaQ be and are hereby obliged to 6 Anno, c.14. take and fubfcribe the oath appointed by'the a<5t of the fixth year of her M^efty’s reign, intituled, An afi far the better fecurity her Maytfly's person and government, before the lords of feifion of ioAnn*,c.3»* aforesaid part of her Majefty’s kingdom; except such of the f- »• laid perfoos who hare already taken the fame: aha if any of the parlous aforesaid do or shall negledt or refufe to take and fub- uncapable to (bribe, the bid oath, as aforesaid, such person shall be fafro oxerafe bis adjudged incapable, and difabled in law to have, enjoy, or ex- imployment. crcife in any manner his laid imployment or practice.

XI.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid. None (ball be That in all time coming, no person or persons shall be admit- admitted to ted to the imployment of advocate, writer to the (ignet, notary	a5vo-

publick, or any Office belonging to the (aid college of juftice, Cate, &e. till until he or they have taken and fabfcribed the aforesaid oath, in he hath taken manner as i$ above directed.	the said oath.

cap. m.

An a£V for charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder,

' and perry, for the fervke of the year one thoufiuid feven hundred and twelve: and for applying part of the coinage duties to pay the deficiency of the value ot plate corned ; and to pay for the recoining the old money in Scotland. EXP.

CAP. IV.

Ah aft for fettling the precedence of the moft excellent princefs	'

Sophia, eleftrefs and dutchefs dowager ^Hanover, of the tleftor her fon> and of the eleftoral prince the duke of Cambridge.

WHEREAS by the laws andfiatutes of this realm, the imperial crown and dignity of the kingdoms of Great Britain,

France, and Ireland, arid the dominions thereunto belongings after the demife and death of your Majejly, our mojl gracious Sovereign, whom God long preferve in health and profperity, for the happinefs and good of your Jubjefts, and in default of tjjue of your Majefifs body, is limited to the mojl excellent princefs Sophia, eleftrefs and dut-chefs dowager of Hanover, grand-daughter of the late King James the Firjl, anj? the heirs of her body, being protejlants $ and your Ma-jejly having, out of your great affeftion and regard to the said mojl excellent princefs Sophia, eleftrefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover* and the heirs of her body, being protejlants, Signified your royal plea-Jure to the lords spiritual and temporal in parliament ajfembled, to have their precedence fettled by aft of parliament, in manner as herein after is mentioned: we your .Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, jthe lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament .aflembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enacfted; and therefore be it enabled by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That after the royal iflue of your Majefty’s body, the laid moft excellent princels Sophia, elc<ftrcfi and dutchcfc dowager of Hanover, the After the Sffiie

moft of the Queen's





282	Anno	decimo	Aknjs.	c.	5,6.	[1711/

Wdy, the mod ferene eledor of Bmnfwiek Lunenburgh, her fon and heir

prince^ So- apparent, the moll noble George Augujlus, electoral prince of

tor of Brun^" Hanover, and duke of Cambridge, only Ion of the said moft fe-

wick, the elec- rene eledor, and also the heirs of the body of the said moft ex-

toral prince, cellept princefs Sophia, eledrefs and dutchefs dowager of Hano-

being proteftants, ip all places, and upon all occafions,

the^inceis ^hall have rank and precedence, and take place, before the arch-

Sophbt, being biftiop of Canterbury, and all great officers, and the dukes, and

proteftants, to all other peers of thefe realms; any law, ftatute, or cuftoar

have preced- whatfoever to the contrary notwithstanding. ence before	J	9

thearchbifhop	CAP. V.

^rbU‘ din aft to repeal the aft of the feventb year of her Majefty9s reign, intituled, An act for naturalizing foreign prote-ftants (except what relates to the children of her Majefty*s natural-born fubjefts born out of her Majejlfs allegiance.)

7 Anns, e. 5. ^T7 HERE AS an aft of parliament was made and faffed in the YV feventh'year of her Majejlfs reign, intituled. An ad for naturalizing foreign proteftants : and whereas divers mifehiefs and intonveniencies have been found by experience to follow from the fame, to the difcoiiragement of the natural-born fubjefts of this kingdom, and to the detriment of the trade and wealth thereof; be it therefore en-aded by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho-Kepealed, ex. rity of the fame. That the before-mentioned ad, and all the dren ofVatu- mattcrs an<* things therein contained, (except fo much of the raf-born fub- ad by which the children of all natural born fubje&a born jeds, born out out of the allegiance of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, of the Queen's are to be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be natural-born fub-^ jeds of this kingdom, (mall be, and is hereby repealed, annul-nottopreju. an(l made void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; dice any per- provided nevertheless. That such repeal shall not in any fort pre-fonsnaturaliz* judice or impeach the naturalization of any persons who have cd before been or shall be naturalized at any time before the fourth day 4 c • I711* Gf February, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, purfuant to the diredions of the before-njentioned ad, 4 Qeo. 2. c. ax.

"	‘	'	CAP.	VI.

An act for explaining and altering the laws now in being concerning the affifis of fuel, fo far as they relate to the afffe of billet made or to be made of beech wood pnfy.

HERE AS the feveral Iqivs appointing apd directing the afjife of fuel and billet have been taken to extend unto billets made of leech jvoed: and whereas the ajffe of billets made of beech wood neither have nor can, without very great loss and damage, both to the .owners of beech wood, and also the buyers and confumers of beech fuel .and billet, be dbferved; and whereas feveral doubts have lately arifen concerning the forfeiture of the said beech billet not made according to ‘ ‘ •* ............................................. ‘ ‘ ^

 *^.ooQle

tyn-l Anno decimo Ann.*. c. 7. ’	483

the fcantl'tngsby the fold laws dire fled or appointed for the ajjife of fuel and billet, by reason of fome general words therein contained; be it therefore enacted and declared by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament T^e laws di-aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the laws ap-pointing and dire&ing the affile of fuel and billet, or any of them, noct to extend* or any thing therein, or in any of them contained, fhall not to billet made nor do any wife extend, nor fhall be conftrued to extend, unto of beech wood, billet made or to be made of beech wood.

II.	Provided nevertheless. That no person or persons whatfo- wood ever shall fell billet made of beech wood by retail, within the billet not to cities of London and JVeJlminftery or either or them, or the week- be fold by re* ly bills of mortality, unlefs the fame be affifed, cut, or mark- ^ in Lotted, according to the ufage and manner of marking of beech bil-let before the aft paffed the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, fifed, &c.

An act for mating more effectual an aft of the forty third year of the 9 Annse, c. 15. reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft concerning the aflifes or fold by of fuel, Jo far as it relates to the ajftfe of billet, or by the weight wclSht* of the laid beech billet, if the buyers thereof fhall require the fame to be fo weighed.

CAP. VII.

An act to prevent the difturling tbofe of the epifcopal com-tnunion in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in 1 the exercife of their religious worjhtp, and in the ufe of the liturgy of the church of England ; and for repealing the aft pajfed in the parliament of Scotland, intituled, An aft against irregular baptifms and marriages.

’IX^HEREAS fince the abolijbing of epifcopal government in Scot-* * land, tbofe of the epifcopal perfuafton there have been frequently diflurbed and interrupted in their religious ajfemblies, and their mimflers profecuted for reading the Englifh fervice in their congregations, and for adminijiring the facraments according to the form and manner preferibed in the liturgy of the church ^England 5 be it therefore enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, apd the commons, in this present parliament affem. bled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall be free and It shall be free lawful for all thofe of the epifcopal communion in that part of	°f

Great Britain called Scotland, to meet and afTemble for the exer-cife of divine worfhip, to be performed after their own manner Scotland, to by pallors ordained by a proteftant bilhop, and who are not affemble for ^ftablilhed minifters of any church or parifh* and to ufe in their divine worihip congregations the liturgy of the church of England, if they think Jit, without any let, hindrance, or difturbance from apy person &c.	*

whatfbever; and all fheriffs of (hires, ftewards of ftewartries, ^11 (heriffs, and magistrates of boroughs, and justices of the peace, are here- &c. shall give by ftriftly required to give all manner of protection, aid, and protec-afliftancc to such epifcopal minifters, and thofc of their own coiq-

mtrnion.





parifli churches.

None shall officiate, but inch as have been ordained by apro-ttftant bsflsop nor till they

$84	Anno decimo Anna. c.7.	£171*.

fogvtxcept in munion, in their meetings and aflemblies for the worfhip of ^	God, held in any town or place, except pariflv churches, with-

in the extent and joiifti&ion of that part of Great Britain called Shetland.

II. Ifrovided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-laid, That none shall presume to exercife the fun&ion of a paftor in the said epifcopal meeting# and congregations, except such as shall have received holy oaders> from the hands of a proteftaat bkhop; and that eveiy person who shall be 9alled or appointed to be a paftor or minifter of any epifcopal congregation or af-before he take upon him to officiate as paftor of the laid of orders to congregation, be hereby obliged and required to present bis kt-theiuffices.&c.^cra of orders to the justices of peace, at their general or quarter to be regiftred. fefldons to be held for the (hire, ftewartry, city, town, or other £1* >Cplace in which the laid epifcopal congregation is.or shall be; and *	that the said letters of orders be there entred on record by the

regifter or clerk of the said meeting of the juftices, for which there shall be no greater fee or reward taken than the fum of one (hilling.

Minifters of ' HL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, the eftablifhed That all minifters of the eftablifhed church of Scotland, and att church, and of an(| every person and perfons, who is or are paftor or paftors, conffiTKa^fons m*n*^cr or minifters of any epifcopal congregation in Scotland, to take the fhall be obliged, and are hereby required, oft or before the firft oaths, &c.	day of Augujl next, to come to take and fubferibe the following

farther trvui. oaths, in such manner, and under such penalties, as all officers, hereto	and military in Scotland are obliged to take the oath recit-

loAnnse,c.31. ed in the fourteenth a<ft of the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign, 6 Ann*, 0,14. intituled*, An act for the better fecurily of her Majefy's person and government; and that all mintfter9 of the eftablimed church of Scotland, hereafter to be admitted into their refpe&ive churches or benefices, and all and every person and perfons, who shall hereafter be paftor or paftors, minifter or minifters of any episcopal congregation, (Hall before such admiffion or exercife of their refpe&ive fun&tons, be obliged to take and fubferibe like-wife the following oaths, in the fame manner, and under the feme penalties^ above-mentioned.

The oaths.

I A B. do fencerely provtife and fwear, Tba boar time allegiance to her Majejly Queen

That I will be faitbful,.and Anne.

So help me God*

i(5*o.i. c.tj. TA.B, do trulfand Jmcerefy acknowledge, profifs, teflify, and.de* 5 Gee* 1. c. 29. A clare in my eonfcience, before God and the world, That our five* *• 1*	reign	lady	Queen	Anne is lawful and rightful Queen of this realm,

„	'and	of ail other her Maje/tys dominions and countries thereunto be*

longing; and I do folemnly and ftmerely declare. That I do bdieve in tny eonfcience, the person pretended to be prime of Wales, during the life of the late King James, and fmee bis deeea/e pretending to be, and fating upon himfelf the file ana title of King ^/England, by the name ^Jairtcs the Third> or {/'Scotland, by mnomeofJames the

Eighth,

 L^OOQle

1711.] Anno decimo Aknjb. C. j]	ft$5

Eighth, or the ftile and title of King of Great Britain, hath net any right or title whatfoever to the crown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereunto belonging ; and I do renounce, refufe, and abjure any allegiance or obedience to him. And Ido jwear, 7hat I will bear faith and true allegiance to her Majejly S>ueen Anne, and her will defend, to the utmojt of my power, agamf aU traiterous conspiracies and attempts whatfoever, which Jhall be made againjl her perfon, crown, or dignity. Ana I will do my bep endeavour to difclofe and make known to her Majejly, and her JucceJfors, all treafons and traiterous cenfpira-cies which I jhall know to be againjl her, or any of them. And I do faithfully promife, to the utiermojl of my power, to fupport, maintain, and defendthe fuccefpon of the crown againjl him thefaidjamcs, and dll other persons whatfoever, as the fame is andfiands fettled by an aft, intituled. An ad declaring the rights and liberties of the Tub- iW.&M. jeds, and fettling the fucceffion of the crown, to her present Ma- fcfl*.». c.». jejly, and the heirs of her body being proteftants 5 and as the fame, & *1W. 'one other aU, intituled. An ad for the further limitation of the c* *’ crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjed, is andJlands fettled and entailed, after the deceafe of her Majejly, and for default of ijjue of her Majejly, to the princefs Sophia, eleftrefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being protejlants. And all thefe things I do plainly and Jtncerely acknowledge and fwear, according to thefe exprefs words by me fpoken9 and according to the plain and common fenfe and underjlanding of the fame words, without any equivocation, mental evafon, orJecret refer-vation Whatfoever. And I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, abjuration, renunciation, and promife, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true faith of a chriftian.

So help me God.

IV.	Provided always. That the aflembly of persons for reli- Epifcopal gious worlhip in the epifcopal meetings, be held with doors not meetings to locked, barred, or bolted, during such affembly ; and that no- j* hcW with thing herein contained shall be conftrued to exempt any of the SS!«in&c. persons frequenting the said epifcopal congregations from paying and persons of tithes or other parochial duties to the church or minifter of frequenting the pari(h to which they belong, and in which they refide.

V.	And whereas fmce the ejlablijhment of the prejbyterian govern- fjjf* ment in Scotland, fome laws have been made by the parliament in 9 Scotland againjl the epijcopal clergy of that part of the united kingdom, and particularly an all pajfed in the parliament held in the year

one thousand fix hundred ninety Jive, intituled, Ad against irregular

bapttfms and marriages, by which all epifcopal rmnijlers, who were

turned out of their churches, are prohibited to baptize any children, or

to folermtizi any marriage, upon pain of perpetual imprisonment or ba-

mjhment be it therefore enaded by the authority atorefaid. That

the said ad above-mentioned be hereby repealed and annulled $ The ad made

and that in all time coming no person or persons fhall incur any in reV1

dilability, forfeiture, or penalty whatfoever, upon account of hts a^lf in-

or their reforting to the said epifcopal meetings held for the ^ any pe, "

worfhip of God; and that it lhall be free and lawful for all the nalty tor rc-

6	fubjeds	fortingtocpif*



a8£	Anno	decimo’	Anna?.	c.7.	[1711.

fubicdb ill that part pf Great Britain called Scotland, to aflemble and meet together for divine fervice, without any difturbance, and to fettle their congregations in what towns or places they shall think fit tochufe, except parifh churches, and for the episcopal minifters, not only to pray and preach m the epifcopal congregations, but to adminifter the facraments, and marry, without incurring any pain or penahy whatfoever; any law ot statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	Provided always. That the parents who have their chil-ftened by epif. dren chriftened by epifcopal minifters, be hereby obliged to er*-> copal mini- ter the birth and chriftning of their children in the regirter books

Utrcd°where” ^or chriftnings belonging to the refpeAive parifhes in which they * w. live.: and provided likewife, That no epifcopal minifter or minifters, refiding within that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, prefume to marry any perfons, but thofc vvhofe bans have been duly publifhed three feveral Lord’s days in the epifcopal congregations which the two parties frequent, and in the have not been churches to which they belong as parifhioners, by virtue qf their nublifhed, &c. refidence; and that upon the fame pains and punifhments as Minifters ot arc aireacjy inflicted by the laws of Scotland in cafes of clandeftine marriages; and the minifters of the parifh churches are hereby obliged to publifh the said bans; and in case of negledt or re-fufal, it shall be fufficient to publith the said bans in any epifcopal congregation alone; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the cqn-trarv notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always, and it is the true intent and meaning of this adt. That all the laws made against prophanenefs and immorality, and for the frequenting of divine fervices on the Lord’s day, commonly called Sunday, shall be (till in force, and executed against all persons that offend against the said laws, or shall not refort either to feme church, or to fome congregation or af-fembly of religious worfhip allowed and permitted by this adh

VIII.	Provided likewife. That neither this adt, nor any claufe, article, or thing herein contained, shall extend, or be conftrued to extend to give any eafe, benefit, or advantage to any papift or popifh recufant whatfoever, or to any person that shall deny in his preaching or writing, the dodtrine of the Blefled Trinity.

Puniihment 0f IX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That ftich as shall if any person or persons, at any time after the twenty-fifth day difturb any cf March next to come, shall willingly, and of purpofe, mali-ofIrfliefatl°n c'ou^v or contemptuously, come into any congregation or aflem-worftup ° # Wy of religious worfhip, permitted by this adt, and difquiet or difturb the fame, or give any difturbance to the said congrega-4	tion at the doors or windows, or mifufe any minifter or paftor

of such congregation, such person or persons, upon proof thereof befor6 two iuftices of the peace, by two or more fufficient jwitneffes, shall find two fureties to be bound by recognizance in + the penal fum of fifty pounds fterling, for his or their appearance at the next general or quarter feffions, or before the court of judiciary, or other judge or judges competent, and in default of such fureties shall be committed to prifon, and upon convidtion

of

copal meetings, &c. Epifcopal mi' nifters may preach, &c.

Children chri-

the parents refide.

No epifcopal minifter shall marry any whofe bans

churches obliged to pub-lilh the bans.

All laws a-ga'rnft immo rality, Scc. shall be in force.

This adt shall not give any eafe. See, to papifts, Scc.



171 ti]	Anno	dccimo	Annje.	o.	7.	287

of the said offence, at the said general or quarter feffions, or before the said court of judiciary, *or other judge or judges compe- » tent, shall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fterling; one moiety thereof to the informer, t&e other to be difpofedof for the uie of the poor of the parilh where such offence shall be committed; and if the magistrates of any town or place* or	°f «?agi-

others pretending to have authority or jurifdidion any where in Scotland, (hall, in contempt of this law, forbid or hinder thole the epifcopal of the epifcopal perfwafion from meeting or affembling together congregations for divine worlhip, in the places fubjed to their jfcrifdidion, ort0 niect, &c. shall (hut up, caufe to be (hut up, the doors of the houtes, or other places where such epifcopal afiemblies are held, or intended to be held, such magistrates and others fo offending, upon proof thereof before the court of judiciary, by two or more fufficient witnefles, shall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, to be diftributed, as pforefaid,

X.	And be it further declared and enacted by the authority a- No forfeiture, forefaid. That no civil pain or forfeiture, or difability whatfoe- &c. shall be ver, shall be in any ways incurred by any person or persons, by

reafon of any excommunication or profecution in order to ex- S^mmuni-communication by the church judicatories in that part of Great cation by the Britain called Scotland; and all civil magistrates are hereby ex- church judica-prefly prohibited and discharged to force or compel any person *c* or perlons to appear when fummoned, or to give obedience to any such fentence when pronounced; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That All minifters, every minifter and preacher as well of the eftablifhed church in &c. to pray that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, as thofe of the epifeo- the Quceq^ pal communion protected and allowed by this ad, (hall, at fome

time during the exercife of the. divine fervice in such refpedive

church, congregation, or affembly, pray, in exprefs words, for

her mod facred Majefty Queen Jnney and the mod excellent

Princefs Sophia, eledrefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, while

living, and all the royal family: and eveiy such minifter or

preacher negleding fo to do, shall for the fim offence forfeit the

fum of twenty pounds fterling, to be recovered and diftributed Forfeiture for

ih such manner as touching the other penalties in this ad is here- firft offence

in before direded; and for the second offence every minifter of *ol.

the eftabliflied church in that part of Great Britain called Scot- For the ad

landy being thereof convided by the oaths of two fufficient wit- eftab-^

neffes before the lords of judiciary, shall be ipfo faflo deprived, lifhed church

and declared incapable of any church or ecclefiaftical living, to be depriv*

during the fpace or three years; and every epifcopal minifter ai-

lowed and proteded by this ad, being thereof in like manner epYrcoM?mi-

convided, shall from thenceforth forfeit and lofe the benefit of mfterto lofe

this ad, and be declared incapable of officiating as paftor of any the benefit of

epifcopal congregation, during the fpace of three years.

XII.	Provided always, That no minifter or preacher offending bcwhhSm? herein, shall fuffer such penalties, or either of them, unlefs he months after

be the offence.



*88	Annb dcdmo AlflUS. C*8—10.

; be profecuted for the fame within tbe4pace of two months after • the offence is committed,	t

cap. vm. t

EXP	An act to continue the aft of the laft feflion of parliament for talpng, ex*

aminmg, and (bating the publick accounttof the kingdom for one year longer.

CAP. IX.

EXP.	An act for recruiting her Majefty'i land forces and marines, for the ferrice

of the year one thouiand (even hundred and twelve. '

CAP. X.

An aS for punifhtng mittiny and defertiony and fatfe mufiersy and for the better payment of the army and quarters. .

Officers of the LXI. A NJD be it further enacted by the authority aforefiu4, arny or navy	That	if	any aftion, bill, plaint, or fuit Hull be

plead the^ge- brought against any perlbn,or perfons, for any aft, matter or acral iflue. thing to be afted Or done, purfiunt to this aft, or rcainft any officer or officers of her Majefty, her heirs or fuccefiors, con* cerned in any matter relating to the army, or her Majefty’s naval forces, or (hips of war, or the providing for the feme, or any their deputy or deputies, or against any other peribn or persons afting l>y authority from, or in aid or affiftance bf or by their commandment, for or concerning any matter, caufe or thing by them done by virtue or reason of their or any of their office or offices, that it shall and may be lawful to and for ail and any person or persons aforesaid, to plead thereunto the general mile, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such /penial matter in evidence to the jury which shall try the iflut, which (pedal matter being pleaded had been a good and fuffi-cient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants of the trefpafs or other matter laid to his or their charge: and if the verdift shall pafs with the said defendant or defendants in any such aftion, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonfuit, or fuffer any difcontinuance thereof, that ip every such cafe the juftiee or juftices, or such other judge, before whom the said matter shall be tried, (hall, by force and virtue of this Double cods. allow unto the defendant or defendants his or their double cofts, which he or tl)ey shall have fuftained by reason of thftr wrongful vexation in defence of the said aftion or fuit, for which jthe said defendant or defendants shall have like remedy, as in other cafes where cofts by the laws of this realm are given to the defendants.

CAP.

* DigitL J by 

289

>7*i-1 Ahnodedmo An»a. c. tir

-	CAP.	XI.

An alt for enlarging the time given to the commijfionefs appointed Ip her Majejiy, purfuant to an alt for granting to her Majefiy feveral duties on coals, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Weft min-fter, and fuburbs thereof and other purpofes therein mentioned^ and also for giving the said commijjioners farther ' powers for better effeffing the fame; and for appointing monies for rebuilding, the parijh church of St. Mary Wool-noth in the city ^London.

WHEREAS by an all of parliament in the ninth year of her 9 c

Majefiy* s reign, intituled, An a& for granting to her Ma-	**

jefty feveral duties upon coals, for building fifty n6w churches in '	‘

and about the cities of London and Wefiminfier, and fuburbs thereof, and other purpofes therein orientioned, it is, amongfi other things, enaHed, That it should and might be latvful to and for her Majefiy, by letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain* to nominate, conftitute, and appoint such persons as her Majefiy Jboula think fit, to be commiffmers to enquire and inform themfelves in what parijbes the said new churches (except one for Greenwich) Were moji neccjfary to be built; and of proper places for the fites of the said re-fpeffive new churches ; and also a cemetery or church yard for each of the said churches 5 also which of the said chapels within the said pa-rijhes are fit to be made parijh churches; and that they should afcertain the feveral boufes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and the bounds and limits which in their judgment or opinion might be fit to be made diftinU parijbes \ and should also inform themfelves, by the bell means they could, of the value of the boufes, lands, tenements, and her edit a-	*'

ments, and of the rcfpelhve ejlates and interefis therein, which the said commijjioners should think necejfary to be pur chafed for the faidJites and cemeteries, and for boufes for the habitations of the re fpeffive minificrs; and that the said commijjioners Jhould, on or before the twerity fourth day ^December, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, report or certify to her Majefiy in writing, under their hands and feats, such matters and things, as should appear to them upon their enquiries afore-faid, with their opinions thereupon, to the end such further direffions might be given thereupon, as might be purfuant to her Majefly*s pious intentions in the premises; in purjuance whereof, her Majefiy, by fetters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, did nominate, conjlitute, and appoint, feveral commiffoners for the purpofes in the said aft mentioned, with such powers and authorities as in the said recited all are exprejfed: and whereas the said commiffoners did apply them-fives to the execution of the powers therein mentioned, but could not	>

perfet1 within the time limited, what was by the said all intended; which they humbly reprefented to her Majefiy, under their hands and feels, on the eighteenth day of December lajl pafi: to the end therefore, that a work fo much for the honour of God, the spiritual welfare of her Majefty’s fubjecte, the intereft of the eftablifhed church, and the glory of her Mcdefty’s reign, may be carried Vol.XII.	U	on





ago

The corami f-fioncrs authorized to meet, tho' the time limited, &c. be expired.

The commif-fioner* may contraft for, and purchafe lands. Sec.

The lands fo purchafed shall be conveyed to the com-miflioners,&c. who (hail caufe the , churches to be built. See.

They may provide cemeteries, &c.

Anno decimo Ankje. c. ni

on and perfefled; be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of t^e lords Jpirt-tuaJ and temporal, and common^, ia this present parliament aflemhled, and by the authority of the fame, That notwjth-(landing the time limited by the said letters patent is expired, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiffioners, fo appointed by the said letters patent, or any five or more of them, and tbey are hereby authorized and required to meet, froqn time to time, as often as there shall be occ&fion, either -with or without adjournments, and to enquire and inform themfelves of all and every the matters and things therein committed to thent, or any five or more of them, .and do and pec-form all and every the matters and things in or by the laid former or this present adt intended to be by them performed* until they shall have corapleated and finifhea the fame.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiffioners, or any five or mofe of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to contradl, agree for, and purchafe all such mef-fuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, rights, and intereffc, as they fhall think proper for the said new churches, church-

J'ards, or cemeteries for the burial of the dead, and for houfes or habitations of the refpedlive minifters of the refpe&ive new parifli churches, intended to be erected or made.

III. Ajnd it is hereby enadted and declared, That such lands, tenements, rights, and interefts, fo to be purchafed in purfii-ance of this a61, shall be conveyed unto the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, and their heirs, for the refpedfrive purpofes aforesaid; and the said commiffioners, or any five o* more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to caufe such churches to be built upon such fites fo by them to be purchafed, as aforefafid; and also caufe such chapels already eredled, as they, or any five or more of them, shall think proper to bfe made nt and convenient for parifh churches, and to provide such houfes for the habitations of the refpedlive minifters of the said intended parilhes, and to caufe such church-yards and cemeteries to be made and inclofed for such new parifhes, as by the said former or this present a6t are intended.

IV. And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforesaid. That, the said commiffioners, or any five or; more of them, (where they shall fee occafion) shall provide more cemeteries than one for any of the said intended new parifhes refpedlively; and wherever tney shall purchafe ground for cemeteries for any of the said intended new parifhes, without the bounds and limits of such new pari flies, the ground fo purchafed for that ufe, fhall for ever after the purchafing and confecrating thereof, be deemed and taken to be part of the parifh for the ufe of which it fhall be fo purchafed and confecrated, and shall be for ever discharged from any rates or taxes to the other parifh out of which it shall be fo taken.

V. And





1711.3	Anno dedmo Annje. c. i i.

V.	And be tt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The treafury it shall and maybe lawful to and for the lord high treafurer now may direct the being, or the lord high treafurer, or commHBoners of the trea- Excheque/to fury, for the time being, without any further or other warrant receive by way or authority to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, of loan such from time to time, to dire<5t the officers at the recejpt of the fains of money Exchequer, to receive by way of loan from any person or per- commiflioners fons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, willing shall think ne-to make such loan or loans upon credit of the feveral duties upon ceiiary, &c. coals by the said former a& granted, such fum and fums of

money as any five or more of the persons appointed by her Ma-jefty’s commtffion or letters patent before-mentioned, (hall, from time to time, or at any time or times, think neceffary, and shall by writing under the hands of them, or any five or more of them, defire to be raifed, (by way of loan, as aforesaid) for the beginning, carrying on, or effe&ing all or any the fervices by the said recited a <4, or this present a & intended, and 9 Annas, c. 22, to allow intereft not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum and to allow per annum, for the forbearance thereof 5 and that the monies fo iniertrt at 6J. terit, shall not be taxed or afleflfed by any a& of parliament Pcr cent whatfoever; and that such lenders shall have tallies of loan,-The money and orders for their repayment, with such intereft, as aforesaid, fi> lent fh <i out of the duties granted by the said recited adfc, the principal ^hc^ml to be paid in courfe, according to the refpe&ive dates of theers ^ave tallies, and the intereit every three months, until the re£ay- tallies of loan merit of the principal, and that no fee or reward shall be de- and orders, tnanded or taken, in or for the payment thereof; arid that the *c. money ariiing on the said duties fhall be liable to (satisfy such tj0 orders accordingly, without being diverted from the fame to every three ~ any other ufe, intent, or purpofe, upon pain of forfeiting treble months/ damages, with full cofts of fuit, to the party grieved by tht party offending; and that such orders shall be affignabte by The orders to indorfements thereupon, according to the courfe in • inch cafes he affignable. 11 fed in the Exchequer; any thing in the said recited contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	Provided always. That such fqms as, at any time or The fums due times before the fifteenth day of May, one thousand feven hun- r intere f dred and fixteen, shall become due for intereft of money to be 1 ™1 lent upon this a<ft, shall and may be fatisfied as the said intereft ^J^cd from (hall, from time to time, become due, out of any money t,,nc to tjme> whatfoever which shall come into the Exchequer by way of &c.

loan on the credit aforesaidany thing in this or the said recited a& contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforesaid, The treafury

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high trea- money furer now being, and the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners chafa ofiauds* of the treafury, for the time being, and they are hereby dire&ed &c.	*

and authorized, (without any further or other warrant or authority to be fuea for, had, or obtained in that behalf) from

time to time, to iffue and pay, or caufe to be iffued and paid, out of aoy the monies to arife by way of loan, or otherwise,

* .	U	2	by





and for con ▼crting cha-

Annotfecimo Annj*. c. ii.	fijriti

by virtue of this or the (aid former aft, (fuch money as is'te be applied for repayment of principal, and fatisfeftion of the intereft of the loans to be made, as aforesaid, only and always excepted) such (urn and fumsof money as shall be thought nc-cfcflary by the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, for the purchafing such lands, tenements, rights, and ititerefts for the ptiipofes aforesaid, and for building such new churches, and4 converting chapels Into parochial churches, and for providing houfes for the habitations of the refpeftive tmniftere, and P«!*in‘° P^* ibf making and inclofing cemeteries or church-yards for such cmalcburcbcsy neW intended parifhes, or any other purpofes by tnefaid former aftdfbr the ©r this present aft prefcribed or allowed, and for recoinpenfing and rewarding such person and persons as have been or shall be ion8, at. neceflarily employed under them, for their labour and pains, in such manner and proportion as the said commiflioners, or to be paid to any five or more of them, shall think fit; which monies fo to thetreaforer, ^	as	aforefaid, shall be paid unto such person and per-

by the Qaem fons> not b^ng of the number of the said commiflioners, for inthisbdSalt, the ends and purpofes aforesaid, as her Majefty, her heirs and .fucceflors, (hall, from time to time, direft and appoint to be the treafurer or treafurers in this behalf; and shall be received by him or them by way of impreft, and accounted for orrty by* fiich treafurer or treafurers; and shall be difourfed, expended, and applied by such treafurer and treafurers refpeftively, according to luch orders and warrants as he or they fhall receive, from time to time, from the said commiflioners, or any five or mors of them, for all or any the ufes or (Services by this or the said former aft prefcribed or allowed ifi that behalf, and not other-The (aid trea- wife, or to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatsoever ; which furer tobeao- (aid treafurer and treafurers refpeftively shall be accountable in the Exch«-n Exchequer for the fame, and shall give such Efficient ftcu-quer, and to *s be approved of by the lord treafurer, or the com* «ve Vecurity, miflioners of the treafufy for the time being, before he or they enter upon his or their office, for making such account. Thecotnmif- VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Certain th^" ^lat lt (hall4 and may be lawful to apd for the said cotnmif-boundsofeacb	or	any	five or more of them, by one or more inftrsn

new church, ment or inftruments m writing on parchment under their hands and feds, to be inrolied in her Majefty’s high court of Chan&rj9 to deferibe-and afeertain the true limits and bounds of the fice of and belonging to each such new church and houfc for tbt habitation of the minifter of such new church, and for fach church-yards or cemeteries for each refpeftive parifti, and also the diftrift and divifion of each pari(h that shall be appointed for every church to be erefted or conftituted, purfuant to fach diftrift to aft, or the said former aft; and every fiich diftrift or divifion w~Am	fo fet out, afeertained, and appointed, as aforesaid, for a

new parilh, (hall, from and for ever after the inrolment of such inftrument, and the confecration of fuch-new "church, appointed or intended for such diftrift or divifion, be, and be deemed and taken to be of itfelf a,dift!nft parift), to aM intents

and



brdeemeda

diltmftparifb)





*7*1 T

Anno decimo ANN-®, c. n.

m

and purpofes whatfoevcr, except as touching church rates, the

relict of the poor, and rates for the highways, as i6 herein after

provided; - and the inhabitants within the dmindfc linjits of every

fuch new. parifh, shall from thenceforth be the parifhioner*

thereof, and fiibjedfc and liable to such taxes, afieffinents, rates

for the poor, cteanfing the ftreets, and other duties within the

faid new parifh, in like manner as .inhabitants in the parifh

from which such new parifh, or the greater part thereof, was

divided and taken, are fubje& or chargeable to the fame \ and

(hall within the fpace of one month next after the confecratiofl:

of fiich new church, in every fiich new intended pari(h refpec-

tiveiy, be divided and exempt from such parifh qt pari(he$ and be exempt

from which the fame shall be fo taken, and from bearing any framtbepa-

fuch offices or charges, and from all dependencies and contri-	^

butions for or in refpeft thereof, except as is hereby otberwife wnen

onadted or provided.	r	•

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The commif-That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commif-

(loners, or any five or more of them, (if they shall think it re- out o£ any qurifite) by one or more inftrument or inftruments under their large parifh hand* and feals, to be inrolled in the hieh court of Chancery* where any to feparate, divide, and take a particular diftrjdt or part out of jj®" f^urc^ any of the large parifhes in and about the cities of London and IVeJiminfter* or the fuburbs thereof, where any new church or a lefler pariOi churches shall be erected or made, and add, annex, and unite adjoining, the fame to any other lefleF parifh next adjoining thereto, wherein a church is already erected j and in such cafe the lame shall afterwards, to all intents and perpofes, (except as is herein other wife enabled or provided) be deemed and taken as which (haH be part of the parifh to which the fame shall be fo added or an- deemed nexed; and that the feveral inhabitants within such particular diftrift, fo divided and added to another parifh, shall from it is fo added* thenceforth be liable in like manner tabear all parochial offices &c« within the parifh to which the fame shall be added \ and such inhabitants (haJ), from and after Tuefiay inEafler week next after such inftrument shall be made and inrbUed, be in like	r

manner discharged and exempted from bearing any offices in the former parilh to which they did belong.

X.	And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That There shall be there shall be a re&or of every new church and pari(h to be * re&or in made or'fcooftituted, purfuant to this adt, and a perpetual fuc-r cJCT^L*eJL cefiion of rectors there, to have cure of the fouls of the inhabit jlerpe-tants of such new parifh; and where there now is a certain tual fusion morning preacher in any chapel which shall be converted into of re&on*

a parochial church, who shall have ufuaHy officiated there for

the (pace of one month next before the confecration thereof,

fooh minifier, from and immediately after such confecration, The morning

(hath be. and is hereby declared to be the firft redtor of fiich preatber in

qew church and parifh, without any admifltOQ, inftitution, yor	''

/u_ii	converted into

Anne deeimo Ajkn jb. c» i r.	[ 17 t't

In «very other Jxc had been inftituted and inducted thereunto; and in -every ?kWnhurch ot^cr ncw church and parilh, to be erected or conftituted pur-ihall^rainate foant to tins adt, the firft redtor (h^W be nominated and ap-thefirft re&or. pointed by her Majefty of and. in such new church and parifii ; Stepny is ex- ^nd every such new rector hereby declared, or to be nominated, ceptediy xa as afordaift, and his futceffors* shall be and are hereby incor-£*i7*r. 4^ I’po»‘aied, and shall be named and called the redtor of such new *	.	church refpectyuely, by the name which shall be given .to. fuch

church refpedlively in the adt or inftrument of ocqfecratioa thereof j and shall be, and are hereby enabled to fue and be The freehold fued in all courts and places of this realm ; and the freehold O)ailbeinhim> aoc) inheritance of the lands and hereditaments to be purchased purchafc,a&c. ^or such new church, church-yards, or cemetery or cemeteries, lands to the and such manfion or dwelling-houfe of such redtor, shall be value of 2001. verted, by virtue of this adt, in such redtor of each such new per annum, parilh, and his (ucceffors refpedlively 5 and he and they shall be feized thereof, as in his and their demefoe as of fee, in right of the church, in such manner as other rectors be now feissed of their refpedtive churches and glebe 5 and every such new redtor and his fucceflors rcfpedtivdy, (ball be ana are hereby enabled to purchafe and take any other lands, tenements, and hereditaments to such redtor, for the time being, and his fuc-ccflors, redtors of the fame church, not exceeding together the clear yearly value of two hundred pounds per annum, for each such church tefpedtively.,

The coromif- XI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid,

pow?red™o ^ ^at lt an<* may	to	an<^	f°r	the.	COOUntf-

enquire of the Goners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby an-right of pa- tIvorized and impowered to enquire and inform theoafelves, by tronage, &c. all lawful ways and means, of the right of advowfbn, patronage, and nomination, of or to the present church in every parilh, from which any part or diftridt shall be divided or taken by virtue or in purfuance of this adt; and in what person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, the fame, or any eftate or iotereft therein, is, or at the time of such enquiry, fhaH be, and agree with and to treat and agree with all such persons having any right or m such advowfon, patronage, or nomination, for the the cfcdtual more effectual dividing and feparating such present parilh, and dividing the the tithes, oblations, dues, and revenues belonging to the pre-r pariih, fent church, and the charges and dependencies thereof, apd apportioning the fame, to take place and effedt from and imme-r diately after the firft avoidance of such present church refpcc-t	lively, in any parilh from which any part or diftridt shall be ‘

and for after- divided or taken, and for afeertaining and fettling for ever the tainmg the right of patrpnage of every new church or chapri made paro-tronage P&c	t0 such diftridt or part fo divided shall be appointed

and ah agree • or annexedand. all agreements and fettlefl&epts, which (Ml ments, &c. to be Co made, for such further divifion, with the aifeat of the be bidding, refpedtive ordinary or ordinaries, or for fettling such right of patronage, by any inftrument or instruments in writing on parchment* under the hands and feab of Jucfo commiftfow*,

or



V? II*-]

Aino decimo Anna; c» *a.

*95

or any five or more of them, and under the ieals of the parties having any right or intereft in such patronages, or of any person or perfoas by such parties refpedively authorized and in-rolled in the laid high courtof Chancery > shall from thenceforth be binding and conclufive, aq well to her Majefty, her heirs and f fucceffors, as to and against all other persons for ever.

. XII. And be it further eha&ed by the authority aforesaid, £”7 Pcrfon* That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick and corporate, guardians to infimts under age, committees of commiflioners lunatkks and idiots, executors, adminiftrators, and truftees, for any lands, and they are hereby enabled and impowered to contrad with the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them, for any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and to fell and convey the feme* and the refpedive estates or intereft in them refpec-tively veiled of and in the feme, and to agree with the feid eommifliouers, or any five or more of them, for the limiting anil fettling the right of patronage and prefentation of the file- a?d for fet-^eeding redors of such new intended pariih churches; and such ofMtronafe fide, conveyance, and fettlements fhall be valid and effedual to and fuch* all intents and purpofet, and ib deemed and allowed in all fale, &c. to be courts of law or equity, and elfewhere, to bind all such corpo- g°°d law, rations, infants, lunatkks, ideots, and the ceftui que trufts; corporafions and all such guardians, committees, executors, adminiftrators, &c#p 9 and trullces, are hereby indemnified for fo doing.

XIII.	Provided that such bargains and contrails be upon a Provifo, fuch

^petition to be preferred by or on behalf of such refpedive cor-poration, infant, lunatkk, idiot, or ceftui que truft, interefted therein, examined, and approved by the high court of Chancery; ferred, See. which court shall also order and dired how the monies arifing a^d approved •by such fele shall be applied or imployed for the benefit of such th^h^n"ji corporation, infant, idiot, lunatick, or ceftui que truft refpec- orderThe ap-threly.	plication ot

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby malted and declared the monies,

by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to	*

•and for her Majefty, her heirs and fiiCcefibrs, in every such new

parifh, to be elided or conftituted by virtue or in purfuance of till fbch fetde-4his ad, in the mean time, and until such agreement and fettle- ment ot the ment can be made concerning the patronage thereof refpedively, ^ght of pa-to name, from time to time, the rector of such new churches tron3Se* to fucceed therein.,

XV.	And it is hereby enalled and declared by the authority The firfl and aforesaid. That as well the' firft reltor, as all other fucceeding fucceeding •redors of every such new parifh church (except the present rellors, (ex-preaching minifters of such chapels, as aforesaid) shall be pre- preeaPher fcnted and inftituted, or collated, and abb induded, as other in a chapel) to redors and vicars are and ought to be, and shall obferve and be prefented, perform all other matters and things for the qualifying or end- as othel* •ding themfdves thereto, as other redors ought to do; and the ^(j^hey^nd new churches, tfhich shall be ereded or made ■ in purfuance pf the church ’this ad, and the refpellive redors thereof, with the church- wardens fhall

wardens belonging to the feme, shall be under and fubjed to fuhi-to

U4	thc	the ordinary.





29$	Annodeclmb	ANtr«v	le.ifV

Ac jritifdi(5U6nf rcfpc<5livc ordinary, within wfeoCt diocefo ordiftrift fach new1 church refpeftrvdy is(ttuite^andfhaJl be vifited by fueh ordinary refpcfttvfty, iftfuch manner bsuotber * churches, reftOr^ and Church-wardens, wftfiin then refpeftive 4 juhftfiftioris, have been, or may be vifked.	;

This aft Hi all XVL Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this tlvc&cccedinc or any thing herein contained, ihall not extend, orbecon-reftors, &c. * ftrued to extend to deprive the ftfcceflifc's of; the present reftors^ of any tithes, vicars, and other eccfcefiaftical persons having cure of fouls, of 6cc. till tuch or in the present parifh churches, out of which any part or dif-^^bTraade tr*^	divided	or	takerN of any tithes^ dues, or promts

and inrollpfj, belonging to any of them refpeftively, until such agreements or fettlements, for the more effefttial dividing and fejparating any Inch pari(h refpeftively, to be made and inrolted, and take ef-feft, as aforesaid, with relation to fach fucceflors refpeftively; but that the fucceflors of the present incumbents, till such agreements and fettlements be made and take eflfeft, fhaH and may have, hold, and enjoy the ftfdTefpeftive reftories, vicarages, and curacies, and the tithes, dues, and profits thereof, in as ample manner as if this aft had not been made, and as the present reftors, and other ecclefisftrcal perfons, who are to hold and enjoy the fame, during their refpeftive incumbencies, are of right to hold and enjoy the fame.

This aft shall XVII. Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained shall not prejudice extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prejudice or alter the ota chTpe^oi- ProPCTty or intereft of any proprietor or proprietors of, in, or his intereft in to any of the chapels which shall be made or appointed parifh any pews, &c. churches, in purfuance of this aft, or of or in any of the pews within the fame, without the confent of such refpeftive proprietor or proprietors firft had and obtained in writing under his and their refpeftive hands and feals; but that they and their heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, shall hold and enjoy the fame, in such and the feme manner, as if this aft had not been made#

If any propri- KVlll. Provided nevertheiefe, That if any of the feid pro-£tor shall fell prietprs shall be minded to fell or difpofe of their faid’properties anVpew/it”	any °f Pevvs m any °f the find chapels, the feme shall be

(hall be (old to fold and difpofed of only to filch inhabitants of the refpeftive a parifhioner. parilhes for which such chapels shall be fo made or appointed - parifh churches, and to no other person or persons whatsoever.

'IHwftrft	XIX.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefiud,

church-war- That the firft church-wardens and overfeers for the poor, fca-dens, &c. shall vengers, and furveyors for the highways, and other parilh of-ofthecom- **Cers ^or	now	Par*^b fhall, by the said commiffioncrs,

miflioners,and 9* any five or more of them, be nominated and elefted out of shall have the the inhabitants of such hew parifh refpeftively, within the Ipacp like powers, of one month after the confecration of such church; and the &c#	feid officers fo elefted, shall be invefted with the like'powm

as the like	and authorities, and fubjeft to the Jaws now in force in that

officers in behalf, as any other like officers in any other pari(h within the London, &c.	cities



171 *•]	Anno decuno Annm. c. i u

cities of London m& WtJlminfor, or the fuhurfis thereof; and all And all fuc-the fuccecding church-wardens, overfeers for the poor, fcayen- ^SSSf^wiur «rs. and fbrveyors of the highways, and other parifh officers, den,, shall maH be nominated, chofen, and appointed* fworn, confirmed, be chpfen an. and admitted annually within every such parifh, according to nually. the laws now in force.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, The commif-^ That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the said commif- I*011*1* maj Sorters, or any five or morc of them, with th^ confent of $he who^aim*e bifhop or ordinary of the place, by inftrument under their hands the fame pow-and feats, to be inrolted in the high court of Chancery, to name ert as the vef-a convenient number of fufficient inhabitants, in each such new try,^fn *5® parifh refpedively, to be the veftrymen of such new parifh, who ™*hot fhall have and esterctfe the like powers and authorities for or- new parifh dering and regulating the affairs of such new parifh, as the vefr fhall be taken 1 trytaen of the present parKh, out of which such new parifh, or

the greater part thereof fhall be taken, now have or exercife; and if there be no feled veftry in such present parifh, then as the veftrymen of the parifh of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberty of the city of Weftmnfier in the county of Afiddlofex> and upon the now have or exercife; and from time to time, upon the death* death, See. of removal, or other voidance of any such veftryman, the reft or *nY veftry* tfye majority of them may eled a fit peffon, being an inhabi- K& tant and houfhoider jn the laid parifh, to fupply the fame. chufe another.

XXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared, ah parochial That all; parochial cuftoms, ufages, by-laws, arid privileges, as cuftoms, See. arc now in force or ufe within any present parifh which fhall be continue divided by virtue or in purfuance of this ail, fhall and. may at

all times after, and notwithstanding such divifion, continue and be in force, as well in and for every new parifh, of which the whole or the greater part fhall be taken out of such present pa* rifh, as.in arm for such parifh as shall remain to the present pa* rochial church, and be ufed, enjoyed, and obferved by the inhabitants thereof refpedively, fo far as the fame shall not be yepognant to, or inconfiftent with the laws of this realm, and the intent of this present ad. ,

XXII.	And be it further ehaded by the authority aforesaid, The commif. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the fatd commif* liters, See. fioners, or any five or more of them, with the confent of tire ^ th^refent refpedive redors, vicars, or minifters, church-wardens, and reftors; See. .overfeers of the poor, and of the veftry, or twenty of the prin* may make a dpal inhabitants of any present parifh in which there fhall be perpetual di-no feled veftry, from which any part or diflrid fhall, by virtue

and in purfoance of this ad, be taken, and of such parifh or t0 church parifhea to which any such diftrid or divifion fo taken, fhall be rates, Sec. appointed or belong, or dfe to or for such refpedive redors, vicars, mmifters, church-wardens, overfeers of the poor, and .veftrymen, or principal inhabitants, with confent of their re*

Jpedive ordinary or ordinaries, at any time or times hereafter, by inftrument in writing under their hands and feals, to be in~ rolled in the high court of Cfafitfry* to mal^c an effedual and

yerpetufij





Anno decimo Anm^v C.11.



and fiich divifion, See. shall be binding.

Till foch agreement the church rates, &c. shall be 1«-vied, through all parts of the prelent pari lb.

The parifh officers , See. shall meet yearly on Tuefday in E after week, and afiefs the rates for the poor. See.

which rates, See. shall be levied by the proper officers, &c.

perpetual divifion of such parifhos or diftrifts fo divided, a* to the church rates, relief of the poor, and rates for the highways, and other parifh rates within the fame refpeftively, and to limit and fettle any certain annual film of confideration for or in refpeft thereof, or for equality of such divifion, whert there shall be occafion; and such divifion and fettlement fo made, shall be for ever after binding, effeftual, and condufive, to ail perfons, intents and purpofes whatfoeven	*

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That in the mean time, and until such agreement for such rates refpeftively shall be made and take place, the church rates, poor rates, and rates for the highways, and other pari(h rates, shall be afiefled and levied within and through all parts and diftrifts which do now belong to such pm* fent parifh.

XXIV.	And for the better ordering, dividing, collecting', and diftributing, from time to thne, fach rates withm the pre-font limits of every parifh which shall be divided, pisrfuant to this aft, in the mean time, and until such further and perpe*-tual divifions (hah be made, it shall and may be lawful to amd for the church-wardens and overfeers of the poor,' with the veftry or principal inhabitants of each parifh refpeftively, as aforesaid, to which any part or diftrift of such present parifh, after any divifion thereof to be made, purfuant to this aft* shall remain or belong, to afiemble and meet together in the present parifh church or veftry room, annually, upon TueJXay in Eajier Week in the forenoon, ot oftner, from titne to time, as ocoafion shall require; and notice thereof shall be given oa the Lord’s day next before in the church of each such parifh immediately after the morning fervice; and to or for them, or the major part of them fo afiembled, to agree upon or afeertain the monies or rates to be afiefled within the limits of such pre^ font parifh, for the relief of the poor, or repair of the highways, and other parifh rates within foch limits, or the repair of any church to which any part or diftrift of such present parifh (half, when divided, belong; and to divide, afeertain, and apportion such monies and rates to and upon every part or diftrift of such present parifh fo divided refpeftively, with regard to the value of the lands and estates therein afleflable to the fame; which monies or rates fo to be divided or apportioned, shall be afiefled, levied, and coilefted in each such diftrift accordingly, by the proper officers of the refpeftive parifh to which such diftrift shall remain or belong, and by such ways and means as the officers of the present parifh might have afiefled, coilefted, or levied the fame, if such divifion or this aft had not been made; and also to divide, afeertain, and diftribote foch monies -and »ates fo affofled and coilefted through the present limits of foch parifh, in juft and reafonable proportions, to and for every such pm* and diftrift refpeftivdy, as the fame shall be divided, feparately and apart, for the relief of rhe poor, and repair of the highways, and other parifh rates within such part or dit-

J	trift,

 * 

I7ii<}	Annodetitno Ann.®, c. ii.	499

tfid, and for thevepair of the refpcdive church to which such part pr ditirid shall remain or belong, with regard to the wants and occasions of each fitch part or ditirid, for the ufes and purpofes afore&id refpedively j and all such proportions fo to be diftributed, shall be employed and applied to the proper ules and purpofes for which the fame was aflefled, and shall be dif-tindly accounted for by the. officers of the refpcdive pari(h to which such ditirid shall temain or belong.

XXV.	Provided always. That in all such cafes when and foin.ddault of often as such annual or other agreements shall not be hod or fiuch yearly a. made for the apportioning and ditirjbuting such rates, it shall gr*emtnt«,

ami may be lawful to mm for the churchwardens of the pro- office™ for" font pariflt church, and the overfeers of the poor, and furveyors such diftrid, of the highways for the psrilh or ditirid then remaining to See. shall such present church, to aflels, colled, and levy of the inhabi- aU rxte,> &c» tents within and throughout the present limits of such parilh, for the relief of the poor, and repair of the-highways within the present limits of such parilh, and the repair of the present church, all such rates and taxes, as the church-wardens, over-foers of the poor, and furveyors of the highways of such parilh might have done before any divifion made j any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithtianding.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it enaded and declared, by This ad shall the authority aforesaid. That neither this ad, nor any thing not invalidate herein contained, shall extend to invalidate or avoid any eccle- a"iyieccl*£lft*‘ iiaftical law or conftkution of the church of England, or to de-

ftroy any of the rights or powers belonging to the bilhop of the rights of

London,and his fuccefiors, or any other local ordinary, or to the bilhop of any archdeacon, chancellor, or official.	London, &c.

. XXVII. And it is hereby enaded and declared. That he and The laid bi-they r*(pc&ively may at all times hereafter vifit, intiitute, and *h°P> &c.mav exercife ecclefiaftical iurifdidion in all parifbes to be ereded or T5"!* ^cwln a“ divided by virtue and in purfuance of this ad, or in any part riiwto.1** or place within the feme, as amply as they or any of them ' may now do therein, and in such manner as in any other pantiles or places within his or their diocefe or jurifdidion refpedively ; the adroiffion and intiitution of such present preaching minitiers in such chapels as shall be confecrated and con-' verted into parochial churches, only excepted.

: XXV JIL Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- One of the rity aforesaid. That one of the (aid fifty new churches shall be "e* churches ereded in Eajl Greenwich in the county of Kent, as in the (aid ^owenwfcL former ad is direded.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- BeforeijSept. rity aforefeid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for her 171s. the Majctiy, her heirs and fucceflors, at any time before the twenty- QSLeen> &c. ninth day of December, one thoinfand feven hundred and twelve, by fetters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to no-10 execute this initiate, contiitute and appoint such pedons to be commit-aft.'

(ioners to execute all and every the powers in the said recited ad, and in this ad mentioned, as her M^jefty shall think fit; ind from such appointment fo made, the powers hereby

>	DigitizecS^ebgk

joo	Anno	dccimo	Ahnm. an.	£1711.

granted to the commiffioners, in the said fonder letters patent, (hajl determine.

AM monies to XXX. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That tecf W*th* ^ *he potties ta he *ffucc^ hy or ift purftiance of this or the; ou cc* said former aft for building the said churches, -and other the' ufes therein mentioned, shall be iffaed and paid without foe or charge to be demanded or taken for the fame.

No burial to XxXI. And be it enafted by the authority .aforefoid. That be in any of ^ burial (hall, at any time hereafter, be in or under any o£ churches, and t*ie churches by this aft intended to be ercfted, and that it mail the commif- and may be lawful to and for the laid commiffioners, or any fioners may five or more <rf them, to afcertain the fum of money that (hw ^.r^mvT^at be paid to the reftor, and each officer belonging tdcach for burying in church, for every burial in any of the cemeteries or church* the charch yards, by this aft intended to be purchafed. - \ , . yards.	XXXil.	And whereas, by the said oft made in the ninth year ef

5 Ann*, c. a*, fa Majeflfs reign, it is enafted^ That cut ef the films yf money which should be raifed by virtue of the find aft* there fimldbe ap-' plied the fitm of four ihoufand pounds per anhum towards tie repairing and finijbwg the collegiate church of St. Peter, Weftmiafter, The yearly aftj fa fapejs 0j fa famt: be it therefore enafted by the au-(ha^ be paid to th°rity aforesaid. That the said fum of four thou&nd pounds* the chancellorP& annum, during the continuance of the (aid former aft, shall of the Exche- be iffued and paid unto the chancellor of the Exchequer, the quer,&c. for ior(j chief justice of the Quefcn’s Bench, and the dean of the W^minfier *^4 collegiate church, for the time being, who are hereby con-Abbey, See. ftituted and appointed commiffioners for repairing the (aid col-who are con- legiate church and chapels of the (ame, by caual quarterly pay-, com- ments j the firft payment to commence ana be made on the mimoners,«c. thirtieth day of December, in the year one thousand (even hundred and fixteen: which said funvs of money fo to be paid te* the said chancellor of the Exchequer, lord chief justice of the Queen’s Bench; and dean of the said collegiate church,, shall be by them laid out and expended in and towards the repairing And they to the (aid collegiate church and chapels of the fame; and books f accounts shall be kept by them, the said chancellor of tho n ’	' Exchequer, lord chief justice erf the Queen’s Bench, and dean

of the find collegiate church, or by their deputies or officers, of all monies which, from time to- time, shall be received* paid, difourfed, and applied towards the repairing the said coHegiate Aw) deliver church and chapels of the fame; the (aid books to be iirfpe&ed tto^into ^	I***®115	and	alfo	abftrafts of such books of ae->

the remem- count shall be by them, the fame commiffioners, or any two of taancer't of- them, before the end of Michaelmas term, in every year, tntof-as di-Knitted and delivered into her Majefty’s remembrancer’s officer ft of 8 &thC *he court of	to be there received, kept and viewed

\f. 3. c. 14? without fee or reward, in such manner as is direfted by an aft v made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his late ma^

. jefty King William, the Third, intituled. An act for complecting the building and adorning the cathedral church of St. Paul, London, and for repairing fbe collegiate church of St. Peter, Weftminfter.

XXXIII* And





301

1711.T	Anno	deekno	C.11I

XXXIII. And whereas by an act made in the two and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An ixCar.i.c.n. additional ad for the rebuilding the city of London, uniting of parifhes, and rebuilding of the cathedral and parochial churches within die said dtv; the number of parlfh churches to be rebuilt was fifty one, and the ctmrth of St. Mary Wool noth is one of the said fifty one churches directed to be rebuilt, for which pOrpcfe fevered duties upon cods imported and brought into the port of the city of London, or river ^Thames within the liberty of the said city upon the said river, were granted 5 and by one other aft made in the firfi year , ef the reignrof Km?James the Second; a further duty was laid upon , j a. Jt c. 15, coals imported, and power thereby given to the lord arckbijhop of Canterbury, lord bcfhop of London, and to the lord mayor ^London, for the time being, to appropriate by warrant under their hands and feals, fucb part of the impofition thereby granted, as Jbould in their diferetion fern fufficiont for the comp leafing of any the said parochial churches that might happen to remain unfini/bed, fo as the fame did not in any one year exceed one fifth part of the fame duty: and whereas by one other aft made in the eighth year of the reign of the, late King William the Third, a duty or impofition of twelve pence % w. 3. c. 14. for every chalder or tun of coals imported or brought in, as aforesaid, from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, one tbou-fand jeven hundred, and before the nine and twentieth ddy of September, one tboufand /even hundred and fixteenfwas granted, and power given thereby to the find lord archbifbop 'of Canterbury, lord bijbop p/'London, and lord mayor of London* for the time beings or any two of them, to appropriate the money to be thereby raifed fon the purpofes in the said aft of the firfi year of the said late King jimes mentioned, except as in and by the said late recited aft is other-wife particularly chrefted and appointed: and whereas aljb the porijh churchof St. Mary Woolnoth was, for the conveniency of the inhabitants there, only repaired, and not rebuilt, as by the find aft was direfted, and the old walls, eaft, wefi, and fouth, and the roof thereof^ together with the tower or fieeple, dre now become fo ruinous, that there is a neceffity of rebuilding and finijhing the fame; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it (haH and The archbimay be lawful to and for the said lord archbtfhopof Canterbury, *h°P °f cj£-lord bifhop of London, and lord mayor of. London, or any two ^ayappro^* of them, to appropriate, by warrants under their hands and p„ate To much feals, out of the furplus of the monies arifing by the said dutfes out of the fur-and impofitions of twelve pence per chaMer* Or twelve pence plus money per tun on coals, applicable for the purpofes in the said a<ft vf the firft year of the late King James the Second, after the said p€rbalder oa cathedral chuteh shall be finilhed and adorned, and other cpals, at shall charges upon the said duties discharged, fo much money 'as befuftcientta - Audi be fufficient for the rebuilding andfmilhing of thefoidchurehofSt pari(h church of St. Mary Woolnoth, and the tower thereof, as Mary Wool-* shall be necefiary ; any thing herein, or in the said recited a&s, noth, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.	\

Vide 1 Geo. 1. fiat, a. cap. 23. 4 Geo. 1. c. 14 fcf $ Ge*. 1. qj,"

:	!	.	CAP!

1	

302

?

Anno dcdmo Am*. c. 12!



CAP. XII.

An act to rejlore the patrons to their ancient rights of pre-fenting minifters to the churches vacant in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

1IXf HEREAS by the antient laws and conJHtutions of that part W of Great Britain called Scotland, the prefendng of minifters , to vacant churches did of right belong to the patrons, until by the twenty third aft of the fecmd fejfion of the firjl parliament of the late King William and £>ucen Mary, held in the year one ihoufand fir hundred and ninety, intituled, Ad concerning patronages, the prefentation was taken from the patrons, and given to the hrretors and elders of the refpeftive pari/hes; and in place of the right of prt-fentation, the beretors and life renters of every parijh were to pay to the refpeftive patrons a fmall and inconf derails Jim of money, for-which the patrons were to renounce their right of prefentation in alt times thereafter : and whereas by the fifteenth aft of thefifthfejfion y and by the thirteenth aft of the fixth fiffton of the firjl parliament of the said King William, the one intitiuea, An ad tor encouraging of preachers at vacant churches be-north Forth, and the other intituled, Ad in favours of preachers be-north Forth; there art fitveral burthens impojed upon vacant (Upends, to the prejudice of the patrons right of dijpojtng thereof: and whereas that way of calling minijiers has proved inconvenient, and has not only occafioned great heats and divifions among thofe who by the aforesaid aft were entitled and authorized to call minifters, but likewise has been a great hard-Jhip upon the patrons, whofe predecejfors had founded and endowed thofe churches, and who have not received payment or fatisfaftnm for their right of patronage from the aforesaid heritors or life renters of the refpeftive pari/hes, nor have granted renunciations of their find The recited rights on that accountbe it therefore enaded by the Queed'4 Tne patron-	excellent	majefty,	by	and	with	the advice and content of

ages, fo far as lords fpfrrttfal and temporal, and commons, in this prefer* it relates to parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the feme. That prefentadons the aforesaid ad made in the year orfe thousand fix hundred and &c raadevoid. n*nctY' intituled. Aft concerning patronages, in fo far as the? fame relates to the prefentation of minifters by heretor9 and others therein mentioned, be and is hereby repealed and made void j and that the aforesaid fifteenth ad at the fifth feflion, and thirteenth ad of the fixth feffion, of the firft parliament of King ot^er rc* William, be and are hereby likewife repealed and made void $ rcafd S FC~ arM* ^at *n a^ t*mc com*nS> right aiK* e'rcr)r {fetroit And the rights or P*r<>ns to the prefentation of minifters to churches and be* of patrons re- nefices, and the difpofing of the vacant ftipends for pious ufes ftored. within the parifh, be reftored, fettled, and confirmed to them* the aforesaid ads, or any other ad, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding $ and that from and after After t May, the firft day of May, one thousand feven hundred and twelve* crown^and ** am* may be ^aw^ul for ^er Majefty, her heirs and fuc-w * *** ceffors, and for every other person or persons, who have right

to



I

Annodedmo Anmjb. C#	goj

to any patronage or patronages of any church or churches wHat- others who foever, ki that part of Orytat Britain called Scotland, (and who ha*c riSht to have not made and fubfcribed a formal renunciation thereof under their hands) to present a qualified minifter or minifters to qualified mi-any church or churches whereof they are patrons, which (hall, nifter*,and the after the said firft day of May, happen to be vacant; and the prelbytenes prefbytery of the rrijjxftive bounds shall and is hereby obliged thorn*1** to receive and admit in the fame manner such qualified penon or perfons, minifter or minifters, as (hail be presented by the refpeftive patrons, as the persons or minifters prefented before the making of this alt ought to have been admitted.

IL Provided always, That in cafe any patron qr patrons haye accepted of, apd receivedany fum or fums of money from pj^nution the heretorsor life renters of any parifh, or from the hiagiftrates topatrouswbo qr town council of any borough, in fatisfaftian of their right of have (bid the prefentation,. and have discharged or renounced the fame under famc-their hand, that nothing herein shall be confirmed to refiore such patron or patrons to their right of prefentation; any thing in this present aft to the contrary notwithftaading.

IIL Provided alfo, and it is hereby enacted by the authority pgLtnm not aforesaid. That in cafe the patron of any church aforesaid, shall prefeoting in negleft or refufe to present any qualified'minifter to such church d* m?nth!! „ that shall be vacant the said firft day of May, or shall happen to be vacant at any time thereafter, for the fpace of six months, presbytery, after the said firft day of M»y, or after such vacancy shall happen, that the right of prefentation. shall accrue and belong for, that time to. the prelbytery of the bounds where such church k, who are to, present a qualified person for that vacancy ion* quam Jure devokto. .

IV.	And be it further ensured and declared by the authority Patronages, aforesaid. That the patronage and right of prefentations of mi- wh.ich bc*orc nifters to all churches which belonged to archbifhops, biihops,

or other dignified perfons, in the year one thousand fix hundred belonged to eighty nine, before epifcopacy was aboliftied, as well as thofc archbfthops, which foriperly belonged to the crown, shall and do of right be- shall belong to her Majefty, her heirs, and fucceflors, who may prefent1^? qualified minifters to such church or churches, and difpofe of 1 the vacant ftipends thereof for pious ufes, in the fame way and manner as her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, may do in the cafe of other patronages belonging to the crown.

V.	Declaring always. That nothing in this present aft con- How far the tained, fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal ami 23d aft of make void the aforesaid twenty third aft of the second feflion of *• P**1- *• the firft parliament of the late King fVUliam and Queen Mary, ^ rc/ excepting fo far as relates to the calling and prefenting of mi- pealed, nifters, and to the difpofing of vacant (Upends in prejudice of

the patrons only.

VL And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. Patrons to That all and every patron and patrons, who have not taken, Jc oath or shall not take, at any time before his or their prefenting a^n nn** minifter or minifters to any church or churches aforesaid, thp

oath



304	Atmo deriino	(Jfyitj

' oath appointed <0 be taken bf peribns in poblick	by-aer

admade in the fixthyeor of her Majefty’s reigp, intituled,' Mm ait for the better feeurtty of her {hall, and are hereby obliged, at their figning foch prefentatioa* to take and fubferibe the afore said oath before the fheriff of the ' (hire, ftewart of the ftewartry, or before any two or note jut*, tioes of the peaee of the county or place where such patron ee-fidec ( and in cafe such patron or patrons,. who have not formerly taken the afcrefaid oath, refute 0? negled to take cthe feme at the figning of such prdentation, that the lame shall be and is hereby declared to be void, and the right of presentation, KeftCuig, the M<j of the difpofing the vacant (Upends for that nine, shall be-Siall b^void, l°nS t0 her Majefty, her heirs and fuccedury, who may present and the crown a qualified per ion to such church or benefice, at any time shall prefent. within the fpace of six months after such negled or refufel; any thing in this present ad, or in any other a«5t to the contrary not-withftanding. i

Known or fuf-	VII. And whereas the right of patronage of thurtbes	belong

Su^alce me* popifts; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefsud. That formula, be- any person or persons, known or fufpeded to be papifts, and (ore they pre- who have a right of prefenting minifters, shall be obliged, at or fcnt, other- before his or their figning any prefentation, to purge himfelf of

fey	“n^Bed	in

be vyid, and third ad of the parliament of Scotland, held in the year one her Majefty, thousand feven hundred, intituled, AH for preventing the growth tec. may pre- gf popery ; and in cafe such popith patron or patrons (ball refufe to take and fubferibe the formula arorefeid, the feme baing tended to him at them by the (beriff of: the (him, ftewart of the ftewartry, or any two or more justices of the .peace wklpn their rdpedive jurifdidion, who are hereby impowered to adminifter the feme, the prefentation, and the right of difpofing the-vacant (Upends shall for that time belong to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, who may present any qualified person or persons within six months after such negled or refufel; any thingm this present ad, or any other ad to the contrary notwitb-ftandtog.

CAP. XIII.

An aB for repealing part of an aB pajftd in the parlktmexl of Scotland, intituled, Adi for difeharging the Tnijf vacance.

1ITI7HEREAS by the twenty second ail pajfed in the parliament W 0f Scotland, anno one thousand fix hundred and ninety, intituled. Ad for difeharging the Title vacance, titn of the court of feffibn, and aU other inferior courts of juMtttntn\ is thereby	difehtrgea, and the fenators of the tolltgt offujUte, at

court	offeffion,are ordained to moot and fit for the adminijtration of

jttfiice, from the firfi day of November, to the firfl'of Maarh yearly, without any interruption; which has been by	found

inconvenient and burthenfome to the fi/kjeil in (hat part of the dorrr, be it therefore enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent *■ ' -





lyn.^j	Ahrtb	dWino A'Nktjs'. c. 14.	50$

jefty, by Mid With the advfct* and Corifent df"tfte londsf fpitituaf The aid aft and temporal, and commons, in thft present parliament affirm- PalIed ,n 1**°* Wed, and by the authority of the fame. That the said aft, fo'jarmodlf-”* far as-the fame relates to the discharging of the Tale vacance, be charging the and is hereby repealed, annulled, and made vdid, to all intents Vble vacance# and purpofes whatfoeven	repealed.

II.	Artd be it further enafted and declared by the authority'ChrJftlnaj vJu aforesaid; That the Chrifinuts vacation of the fefllon of eollcge.'cation to <y>n-of juftice; and all other inferior courts of jufttee, in that part oftinue from Great Britain called Scotland, shall yearly and in all time coming December to, continue and endure from the twentieth of	, to thewr*y”ary lo*

tenth of January, both inelufive; the said law or any other lawJ qr cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

. Repealed by i	Gee.	i. flat. 2. e. 28.

CAP. XIV.

An aB for the reviving and continuing	therein

mentioned, for the preventing mifchief which may happen ■ hy fire •, for building and, repairing county gaols •, for ) empting apothecaries from ferving pari/h and ward of* fices, and ferving upon juries; and relating to the ing of jurors.

WHEREAS divers temporary	laws, which by experience have

been found ufefltl and beneficial, are expired and near expiring, therefore for reviving and continuing the fame, be it enafted by the Queen's mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons# in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the daufe herein after-mentioned in the aft shade in the fixth year of her present Majefty’s reign, intituled,‘

An alt for the bettor preventing mifchiefs that may happen by videlicet; and ke it further enafted by the authority aforesaid.

That no aftion, fuit, of procefs whatsoever, shall be had, The daufe maintained, or profecuted against any person in whofc boufe f ^nn.!E’.c' or chamber any fire (hall, from and after the said firft day of accidoaS*8*0 May, accidentally begin, or any recompence be made by such fire, revived, person for any damage Suffered or occafioned thereby; any law# and made per. ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any petual. aftion shall be brought for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, the defendant may plead the general iffue, and give this aft In evidence; and in cafe the plaintiff become noniuit, or discontinue his aftion or fuit, or if a verdift pafs against him, the defendant- shall recover treble eoft: which daufe being made temporary,- and being expired# shall be and ate hereby revived and made perpetual.

- H. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, The aft That the aft made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign n & n W. j. of his>kt» majestyKing fPiUiam the Third, intituled, An alt to '• >9- relating oteabU jufliteo of the peace to build and repair gaols in their rtfpeffive Maai/intowhkh wae-ao-ctwHiaue for ten years# being expired, Minns <<¥91. XII.	X	ihali1^ *



go6	Anno decimo Ann#. c. 14.	[ 1711*

county gaols, shall be and is hereby revived and continued, and shall be in

COyearsl&c°r ^orce> fr°m thc ^rfl: day A/ay, one thousand feven hundred This clause is and twelve, for and during the fpace of feven years, and from madeptrpe-	thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament.

tualbj 6 Geo. HI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid. The	an a<^ made in the fixth and feventh years of the reign of

6W.V c.4. his late raajefty King William the Third, intituled. An act far f6r exempting exempting apothecaries from ferving the offices of con ft able, fcavengerY apothecaries and other parijh and ward offices, and from ferving upon juries, ak°”nftabing	a<^	was	to continue for the fpace of feven years, and

&c; continued ^rom thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament; which by 1 Anhie, ad was by an ad made in the firft year of her present Majefty’s ftat. 1. c. 11. reign, intituled, An act for reviving the off, intituled, An ad foe ued Cfo cont'~ exempting apothecaries from ferving the offices of conftable, years, ^c!* fcavenger, and other parifh and ward offices, and from ferving Modiperfe- upon juries, continued for the fpace of feven years, and from tual, 9 Geo. s. thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament; which ad c# *•	will expire at the end of the next feflion of parliament, after the

eleventh day of February, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, shall be and remain in full force from and after the expiration thereof, for the fpace of eleven years, and front thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament.

The aft 4 & 5 IV. And whereas in an at! made in the fourth and fifth years of W.&M. c. 14. fa reign of their late majejiies King William and Sjueen Mary, in-lates^tbe ttiu^e^ An ad for reviving, continuing, and explaining feveral returning of laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring, jurors, farther there are feveral good claufes and proviftons relating to the returning continued for jurors, which claufes andprovifms were by the said at1 to continue 9 Geofi c. g m force for three years, fromthe firjl 0/May, one thousand fix hun-f. 2. continued dred ninety three, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of par-by 7 & s.W. 3. liament; which said claufes and provifms were, by an act made in c- 3**	the feventh and eighth years of the late King William the Third, in-

tituled, An ad for the eafe of jurors, and better regulating of juries, continued for feven years, from the firjl day of May, one thousand fix hundred ninety fix, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, and no longer; which said laft-mentianed a ft was also to continue but for the said term of feven years, from the said firft day <?/May, one thousand fix hundred ninety, fix, and to the end of the next feffion of parliament; but was by another aft made in further con- the firjl year of the reign of her present Majefiy, intituled. An ad j^nnse ^or continuing former ads for exporting leather, and for eafe of ftat. 2. c. 13. jurors, and for reviving and making more effedual an a& relating to vagrants, continued further for feven years from the expiration thereof, and to the end of the next feffion of parliament: and whereas feveral other claufes and proviftons, relating to the returns and fervice of jurors, were made in another aft made in thefeffion of parliament, held in the third and fourth years of her present Ma-and further by jefif s reign, intituled. An ad for making perpetual an ad for the 1 & 4 Ann*, more eafy recovery of fmall tythes 3 and also an ad for the more 3Geo. 2.C.25. «rY obtaining partition of lands in coparcenary, joint tenancy, 4Gcb-i. c’371 and tenancy in common j and also for mkiog more dfodual

end



f	Ann6	decimo	Animb. c. t/f. jojr

and amending feveral afts relating to the return of jurors $ and

were only to continue in force during the continuance of the said aft;

cti which claufiSy pfcruifeonSy and at7, are near expiring ; be shall be conti-

therefore enabled by tne authority aforesaid, That all the said nucd 11

daufes, provifions, and aft, shall be, and are hereby continued, years* c#

and fhalJ be in force from the expiration thereof, for and during

the fpace of eleven years, and from thence to the end of the

next feflion of parliament.

V.	And whereas by the said aft made ift thefeventh and eighth The clause is years of the said King William, it is enaftedy That from and after7 & *• w* 3* the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand fix hundred ninety relating to the fxy no person Jhall be returned or fummontd to ferve upon any jury ^returning of the affixesy or general gaol delivery to be holden for the county jurors in York, or at any feffiom of the peace to be holden for any part thereof Yorktinre§ (the city 0/York, and county of the said cityy and town and county ^cxPlamc<1« Kingfton upon Hull, excepted) above once in four yearsy and feme

doubt having arifen on what is to be underfeood by any fejfions of the peace to be holden for any part thereof; therefore for explaining the feme words, and avoiding any difpute that may hereafter be toade touching the conftruftion thereof; be it enafted and declared, That the fame shall be conftrued t6 extend, not only ta any feflions of the peace to be holden for any of the ridings within the said county of Yorky but also to any feflions of the peace that shall be holden by adjournment for any part of the ftid ridings, or any of them.

VI.	Provided nevertheless, That if any person intcrefted in jjot fo extend fach eftate, as will qualify him to ferve on juries, of the clear to exempt any yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or of any greater perrons from yearly value, shall ferve as a juror at any of the said feflions or j^1^aJ8the adjournments, he shall not thereby be exempted from ferving affize$ for the as a juror at the aflizes or general gaol delivery to be holden said county, for the said county of Yorky for the said term of four years, or

any other term; any thing in the said recited afts, or any of them, or in this present aft, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided nevertheless. That nothing in this aft be conftrued to extend to repeal or alter any of the powers or privi- po^ leges granted or confirmed to the justices of the peace of the granted to the county o( Devony by an aft parted in the laft feflion of parlia- julHces of Dement, intituled. An act for ratifying feveral purchafes lately made von’f with the publick flock of the county of Devon ; andfor making fur- ^Xnn. c. L fher purchafes for the ufe of the said county with the publick flock *

thereof; and also for regulating and better employment of the publick fleck of the said county.

fija. i.c. 19.

Anno decimo ANN-ffi. C* 15.	(17M**

CAP. XV.

An act for repealing a clause in the statute made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act for the further description of a bankrupt, and relief of creditors against such as shall become bankrupts, and for inflicting corporal punishment upon the bankrupts, in some special cases, which make descriptions of bankrupts; and for the explanation of the laws relating to bankruptcy, in case of partnership.

WHEREAS by an act made in the one and twentieth year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act for the further description of a bankrupt, and, relief of creditors against such as shall become bankrupts, and for inflicting corporal punishment upon the bankrupts, in some special cases; it is, (amongst other things) enacted, That all and every person or persons using, or that should use the trade of merchandize, by way of bargaining, exchange, bartering, chevisance, or otherwise, in gross or by retail, or seeking his or her living by buying and selling, or that should use the trade or profession of a scrivener, receiving other mens monies or estates into his trust or custody, who, at any time after the end of the said session of parliament, being indebted to any person or persons in the sum of one hundred pounds or more, should not pay or otherwise compound for the same within six months next after the same should grow due, and the debtor be arrested for the same, or within six months after an original writ sued out to recover the said debt, and notice thereof given unto him, or left in writing at his or their dwelling-house or last place of abode, or being arrested for the sum of one hundred pounds or more of just debt or debts, should, at any time after such arrest, procure his enlargement by putting in common or hired bail, should be accounted and adjudged a bankrupt to all intents and purposes, and in the said cases of arrest, or getting forth by common or hired bail, from the time of his or her said first arrest: and whereas it is found by experience, that many and great mischiefs and inconveniences have happened, especially of late, to trade and credit in general, by reason of the said descriptions of a bankrupt:

[After April 20, 1712, the recited act, &c. so far as relates to the description of a bankrupt, repealed.]
for remedy thereof for the future; be it enacted by the Queen’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That the said act, and also all and every other act and acts of parliament whatsoever, so far forth as they relate to the said descriptions of a bankrupt, be, from and after the twentieth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, repealed and made void; and that no person or persons whatsoever, within the said descriptions, or any of them, shall, from and after the said twentieth day of April, for or by reason of the same, be taken or adjudged to be within the statute or statutes of bankrupt whatsoever.

[Not to frustrate any act, sale, &c. of the estates of such persons, by any commission taken out before the said 20th of April,]
II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no act, sale, or disposition of any the estate of such persons within the said descriptions, or any distribution of the same, by or under any commission or commissions of bankruptcy, before the said twentieth day of April, taken out against such person or persons, shall be hereby impeached or frustrated, but the same shall be enjoyed for and towards satisfaction of the debts for which the same have been disposed or distributed.

[4 Ann. c.17. By the discharge of a bankrupt his partner shall not be discharged.]
III. And whereas a doubt has arisen upon an act made in the fourth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to prevent frauds frequently committed by bankrupts, whether the discharge of a bankrupt, by virtue of that act, should be construed to discharge the partners of such bankrupt from the same debt; be it therefore further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That by the discharge of any bankrupt or bankrupts, by force of the said act, or any other acts relating to bankrupts, from the debts by him, her, or them due and owing at the time that he, she, or they did become a bankrupt, shall not be construed, nor was meant or intended to release or discharge any other person or persons who was or were partner or partners with the said bankrupt in trade, at the time he, she, or they became a bankrupt, or then stood jointly bound, or had made any joint contract together with such bankrupt or bankrupts, for the same debt or debts from which he was discharged, as aforesaid, but that notwithstanding such discharge, such partner and partners, joint obligor and obligors, and joint contractors with such bankrupt and bankrupts, as aforesaid, shall be and stand chargeable with, and liable to pay such debt and debts, and to perform such contracts, as if the said bankrupt and bankrupts had never been discharged from the same.

CAP. XVI.

An act for regulating, improving, and encouraging the woolen manufacture of mixt or medley broad cloth, and for the better payment of the poor imployed therein.

WHEREAS by the ill practices of fome makers of mixture or medley broad cloth, and the unfoilfulnefs of others, by excejfwe Jlraining such clothes, and other abufes committed in working the fame, great damdges and difappointments have happened, not only to the buyers and wearers of the said cloth, but much to the difreputa-tion of the said manufacture both at home and abroad, and the workers or poor labourers, employed in working and making up the said manufacture., have been impoverijhed, and are daily dijeouraged by im-pofing on' them goods and wares of feveral kinds for their labour in-fteai of ready money, which practices have been great difeouragt-meats to the good makers of and fair dealers in the fend mixture or medley broad cloth: for remedy therefore of the said ill praftices or abufes, and in order to tne reviving and preferving the reputation of the said doth, both at home ajnd abroad, and for the improvement thereof, and encouragement of all good maker? and fair dealers therein, may it pleafe your Majefty, that

X 3	it

y 

 *

.Anno decimoAnujk; £i *6.	f

After June it may be enaHed; and be it cnaftpd by theQuemViooft ex* f*9ccllent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords dothXall be Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pretent panlia* rpcaiured at ment affcmbled*aod by thcawthorityof the feme, That .from the fulling and after the twenty fourth day pf Juue9 which (half be in the mdb by the ytar cf our Lord one thousand ftven hundred anAtwelve, all mai r, *c. mature or medley broadcloth to be made, shall be meafured at the foiling mill, after the feme (ball be fully milled and fooerrd* and throughly wet, by the matter* owner, or occupier of eyery such fulling mill, who (hall, and he is hereby obliged to take an oath before feme justice of the peace near to such foiling mill, that he will well and truly perform tech measuring, who shall take (which oath tech iuftiee pf peace is hereby authorized and re* an oath truly quired to adminifter, and thereof to; give such matter, owner, fuclTmeafer- or occuPicr foch falling mill, a certificate of his having fo ing, " done) and that every foch matter of every foiling mill ihaU affix, qt qaufe to be affixed, at the head-end of every such doth, be* and shall affix fore it shall be carried from the mill, a teal of lead, (to be for-* a real to each niihed by the clothier) and the matter or occupier of every facia tionm^he	t»»H	fhall	rivet	the feme on every such cloth, and damp

lengthf C hi* name thereupon, mentioning in figures the length ami breadth, &c. breadth of every such cloth, for which he shall be paid by the owner of every such cloth one penny, and no more ; tod rise length and number of yards (b ftampt on such feal, ihaH be a rule of payment for every such cloth by the buyer of the feme. If damaged	Provided always, That if it shall happen, that after any dotii

after meaiur- hath been milled* fealed, and ftampt, as aforefent, or any port ir.g, it shall be thereof, Khali Jhy any accident be damaged and taken off, such ™aii|UrCd# &C#	ts	(ball	not	be	damnified*	(hall	be	again

s '	meafured, fealed, and ftampt, as» before diredecL . j

Neglecting to	And	it	is	further	enacted	by	the	authority	aforefaid,	That

meafure, * if such matter or occupier of such fulling mill shall refute or counterfeiting rtegleJk to fix foch teal, as aforefatd, upon the head-end of the forfdts’ios0* ^*d ctoth; or if any person shall afterwards take off fitch fi&J, for each doth,or deface, counterfeit, or alter the figure of any such teal, before ’ the doth is fold, and if the buyer cf such cloth or clothes (half refofe to accept or take the fame, purfuant and according to the meaforcs herein before directed to be taken ; every such person and persons that shall fo offend, and be therefore lawfully con* yi&Cd upon the oath of one or more credible witnefc or wit-nefles, (nail, for every such neglelfc or offence, forfeit the fem oX twenty (hillings for every such cloth, to be recovered and distributed as in this alt is afterwards provided for.

Penalty of Hi. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefeid, over-ftretch. That no clothier or clothworker, or any person or persons em-m*9 c* ployed by him, after any mixt or medley btoad cloth is folly wet, fealed, and ftampt, as aforesaid, (hall, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, (tretch or (train any such mixt or medley broad cloth above one yard in twenty yards length thereof, or above one nail of a yard in the breadta thereof > and that every per**

fon

 CjOOQle

Anno dcfcimo Annas. c. x6.	gtt

fan dr persons offending therein, (hall, for every offence, (be^-ing duly convifted thereof before such mixt or medley broad doth is fold, or expofed to fate) forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be recovered and diftributed as in and by this aft is afterwards direfted.

IV.	And to prevent any objection that may arife from the Method to M

different method or manner of meafuring any mixture or med-	™

ley broad cloth; be it further enafted by the authority afore- m ** ' faid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of Juney

one thoofand feven hundred and twelve, every mill-man,

owner, or occupier of every fulling mill, fhall have in fome

convenient place in his find mill, one tabic or board twelve foot

long, add three foot wide at leaft, whereon the said cloth (hall

be doubled or creffed, and laid plain, with the length of a yard

nailed or marked thereupon, to which (hail be added one inch

more, which fhall be ufed inftead of that which is commonly	r

called a thumb’s breadth, fo that the fame length fhall contain

thirty feven inches, to prevent any difpute in refpeft of fuch

meafuring by the yard ; and in default of such table or board

being provided and conftantly kept for the ufe thereof, every

person neglecting the fame, fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

to be recovered and diftributed in such manner as in this aft is

afterwards provided.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Cloth made That as to any flock of the said mixture or medley broad cloth, before the said which bath been made before, and which upon the said twenty

fourth day of June, one thou&nd feven hundred and twelve, ma„ be (hrunk shall be in hand and unfold, it shall and may be lawful for any and meafured clothier to take any or every such cloth or clothes fo then in ** by th** aft, hand unfold, and to throw the fame into the water to (hrink the fame, in order to its being meafured and fealed, as by this aft is before directed.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, clothiers, &c. That from and after the said twenty fourth day ot June, one fhall pay their thousand feven hundred and twelve, every clothier, cloth-workmen in worker, card-maker, *or any other person concerned in the money« trade of the woollen manufacture, shall make payment in money to all and every person and persons any ways imployed or concerned in the woollen manufacture, for all work to be done

in relation thereunto, and shall not, in lieu of payment, im-pofe or deliver to them any fort of goods or wares for such work ; and in cafe any perlon or persons (hall, in lieu of payment, fo impofe on or deliver to any workmen or poor labourers, any goods or wares, for or inftead of money, every person or persons fo offending therein, (hall, for every fuen offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be recovered Pcna^7 and diftributed in such manner as in and by this aft is di-refted.

VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. Offences a-That all offences against this aft shall be heard and determined ga,£^dth*8 by one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, |£lncd by1^.

X 4	city,	tice*.





%n

Forfeitures, One half to

the inforjner, the other to the poor. Ncgtefting to pa> in 14 days, may be levied by diftrefs and tale,

If no diftrefi, committed to bonfe of correction for ) menthr.

K’ration in ays.

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to quarter fef. 4ftnSf

If feed, may plead the general i|Vue,

and recover ptple colt*.

Anna tleckno ApsttB; c. 16,	f i 7t**

city, car place where the. fame shall be toamtbtd^ provided

fucb justice or justices be not concerned in the rakter c£ the said complaint, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefles ; which oath iucb juft ice or iuftices of the peace il hereby impowered to adminifter; and that all and every the said penalties, and forfeitures, which shall happen by virtue mf this act, shall be the one moiety to the. informer* and'the other moiety to the poor of the parilh, townihip, or fdaoe where the offence shall be committed ;* and in cafe any. offender shall neglcdt or refufe to pay any fetch penalties and forfeiture* by Jthe ipace of fourteen days after the convidtion for iuch offence, that then (and not before) it shall and may be lawful for the iuftice or justices of the peace before whom fetch convidlon was made, and such justice or juftices. is and are hereby required to iffue out one or more warrant or warrants, under nis or their hands and feals, to the conftable or conftables of the pa-ri(h, town, or place where such offender doth inhabit, or caa be founds within the limits of his or their refpedtive iurifdicv tions, tp levy the fame by di(trefs and (ale of the offender’s goods, returning the overplus (if .any be) to the offender $ and where no fufficient diftrels can be found, to commit the. offender to the gaol or houfe of correction for the county or corporation, to be kept to hard labour for such time as the justice pr justices of the peace, before whom such convidtion shall be made, shall diredt, Hot exceeding, for any one offence, three months.

VIII. Provided always, That all offences committed against this adt shall be profecuted within thirty days next after the offences are committed or difeovered.

IJC. And be it further enadted, That if any person or persons find him or themfelves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any justice or justices of the peace, upon any convidtion before him or them in purfuance of this adt, such person or persons may appeal to the justices of the peace at the ne$t general quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county or places where such convidtion shall be made, giving fufficient notice of such appeal'; and if the justices at such next general feflions fhall think fit to confirm or difartnul the said order or warrant, they shall allow such cofts and charges to the party grieved thereby, as they shall think reafonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is ufual in other cafes of appeal from the orders of justices of the peace to the general quarter feflions.

X. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid. That if any adtion or fuit shall hereafter be commenced or pro-fecuted against any person or persons by this adt authorized to put the fapne in execution, all and every person and pepfooa fo Hied, may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and thespecial matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff shall become non-fiiited, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or a verdidt to pafs against him, or judgment upon demurrer, the defendant or defendants shall recover his and their treble

cofts,



C )gk

i?f * <)	Anno dedmo Annje. c. 17.	313

cofts, for jfefaick he and thty. shall have like remedy as in cafes whereincofts bylaw aregiven to defendants. And this ad (halt Publick a&. be taken and allowed a publiok ad in all courts, within this kingdom? and all judges: and ju tikes are hereby required to take notice thereof as fach, without (pedal pleading of the lane. ■ <	■	-	■

XI.	Provided always, That this ad, or any thing herein Not to extend contained, shall not be conftrued to extend to any doth made to doth made or raanufadured within the county of York, to repeal or any10 Yorkfbine, wife-invalidate any of the powers and authorities mentioned or j}“tre rtilTIstof contained in an ad made in the feventh year of her present Ma- j Aon. c. ij. jefty’s reign* intituled. An act fir the better afctrtaining the lengths and breadths ofwoethn cloth made in the county of York,

Vide 1 Geo. rflat. 2. c. 15.for making this aft mere effeftuaU

CAP. XVII.

An act for the better. collefting and recovering the duties . granted for the fupport of the royal bofpiteu at Greenwich, and for the further benefit thereof •, and for the preferving her Majefifs harbour moorings.

WHEREAS by an act made in the feventh year of the reign 7 & «. W. ?• of his late majefiy King William the Third, intituled9 An c* *»• pft for the increafe and incouragement of feamen, and also ano- * Sc 9 W. j. ther aft piade in the eighth year cf his said late Majefifs reign, in- C* tituledy An act to enforce the aft for the increafe and incourage-nnent of feamen, there was given fir the better fupport of the royal hofpital founded at Greenwich by his said late Majefiy, a duty of fix pence per menfem, payable by all feamen; which afts have not proved fufficient for the due colhfting the said duty: to the intent therefore that the said fix pence per menfem may for the future 6d. per men* be more effeftually collefted for the ufes aforesaid, be it enafted fern shall be by the Queen’s moll excellent majefiy, by and with the advice paid outof the pnd confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

\n parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, forthe fup-That every feaman or other person whatfoeyer, that shall ferve port of Green, or be imployed by her Majefiy, her heirs or fucceffors, or by wich hofpital, any other person or persons whatfoever, in any of her Majefty’s ^ aaftcr*' (hips, or in any (hip or vefiel belonging or to belong to any of Farther provi-the fubjefts of Great Britain or Ireland, or dominions thereuntoftons relating belonging, and eveiy matter or owner navigating or working in hereto, % Geo. h<6 own (hip or vefiel, whether imployed upon the high fea or a> c> 7* *-**• coafts of the fame, or in any port, bay, or creek, (other than Exceptions such apprentices, under the age of eighteen years, as are ex- * * cmpted from payment of fix pence per menfem by an act made c 6*r* 7% in the second year of her present Majefty’s reign, and such person or persons as shall be imployed in any boat upon any the coafts of Great Britain or Ireland in taking of fifii, whicn are brought fre(h on fhore into Great Britain and Ireland, and every p^rfqn and persons imployed in or veljels that trade only

from

 L 3Qle

4,	iAnno	dedmo	An***.	0.17.

from place to place within any river of Great Britain and land, or in any open boats upon the coeds of the fame) shall pay, and there shall be allowed and paid by every foch matter, owner, feaman, or other peribn hnploycd, or that fhaH be im-ployed, the laid fix pence per menfem, or prbportiooably for a Idler time, during the time he or they shall be imployed in, ct belong to the said fhip or vcfiel, for the better fupport of the find Greenwich hofpital, and to augment the revenues thereof for the purpofes herein mentioned.

The matters, II. And it is hereby declared, That the matter, owner, of &c« may de- ; commander of every mip or veflel, not in her Majefty’s fervice,' duft the fame, fo hereby impowered and required to deduttt and detain, out of the wages, (hares, or other profits payable or accruing to such featnan, or other person imployed in his (hip or vdfel, the (aid duty of fix pence per menfem, (other than for such apprentices and other persons as are before excepted) and shall pay the fame to such officer or officers as shall on that behalf be appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain^ or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Griat Britain, for the time being.

The admiralty HI. And be it further enaCted, That for the better levying and collecting the said duties of fix pence per menfem* it shall and who may de- b® lawful for the lord high admiral of Great Britain^ or put* the of- for the commiffioners executing the office of lord high admiral fiern of tb* of Great Britain, for the time being, to appoint such person or aWeSeduty" P®1^00^ a6 ^cor they fhaH think fit, to be receiver or receivers of the said duty, and also to authorize such receiver or receivers to depute and appoint the collectors or other officers of her Ma-jefty’s cuttoms of the feveral out ports of this kingdom, and of the ports of the kingdom of Ireland, or such other as he or they shall think fit, to collect and receive the fame; and all the said collectors and officers of the cuttoms, if fo appointed, are hereby , required tocolleCt and receive the fame, according to such in-* ftrudtions and directions as shall be, from time to time, font to : f''	them in writing by the said receiver or receivers; and for the

care and pains therein of the said collectors and other officers of the cuttoms, and others, to be appointed to colleCt and receive the said duty, it shall and may be lawful for the lord high admiral, or commiffioners executing the office of lord high acU miral of Great Britain, for the time being, to make such allowance to them out of the said duties as he or they shall judge - reasonable.

Receivers may IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefiud, fuixuoon ma- That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said receiver and examine them receivcrs> his or their deputy or deputies, for the time being, asto the num- for the better difeovery of what Ihall be due from the persons berof feamen, jferving on board, or belonging to any merchant or private {tup See, Stt 1 Geo. pr, veflel aforesaid, by warrant under his or their hands, to 2. c. 7. f. 5. jfumnion all such matters and commanders, or fin their ab-fence) the owner or owners of such (hips and veflels, not in her Majefty’s fervice, to be and appear at the office of {he said receiver

3*i

itftfju]	Attnodedmo	Atmm.	c.	ij.	'•

ceiver or receivers, his or their refpe&ive deputy or deputies*

(fo as the person fo fummoited be not obliged * to travel above ten miles for the making fach appearance) which (aid receiver or. receivers, his or their refpe&ive deputy or deputies, are hereby impowered and direded to examine every such maftejr end commander, or owner or owners, as to the number and times of forvice of all and every person or person s belonging to #r hnployed in such fhips or vefiels, who are liable to, or Chargeable with the said fum of fix pence per menfem j and if Mailers, &c. foch mailer* or commanders, or (in their abfence) the owners, refuGng toap-Or any of them, shall refufe, when fo fumntoned (not having a pear.ortoan* reafonable excufe) to appear before the (aid refpedtive persons JJJJJ u^Jffor. hereby impowered to examine them in manner as aforesaid, or fejt ,0i. One* if they shall appear, and obftinately refufe to make a full and half to the true dkcovery of the matters afbrelaid, upon their feveral oaths, hofpital, die ( which oaths the (aid receiver or receivers, their deputy or de-putief, are hereby impowered to adminifter) or shall negled to	9

pay the monies which shall be due to the said hofpital, within % Geo. a. c. ji fourteen days after they shall be cleared inwards by the officers f. 7* of herMajefty’s cuftoms, that then, and in every such cafe, all tnd -every such offender or offenders, for every such refufol or i>*gle&, shall forfeit the film of twenty pounds; one moiety whereof (ball be to the ufe of the aforesaid hofpital, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall fue for the fame, by altion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, wager of law, or protection shall be allowed; and if a verdid shall pafs for the plaintiff in any such action, bill, plaint, or information, then fcfh plaintiff shall have and be allowed double cods; and if any Mailer at-fuqh mailer or commander shall attempt to go to fea with bis tempting to fold (hip or veflel before he hath duly accounted with and paid to fea be-tfie said receiver or receivers the said duty for the voyage pre-ceding, then and in such cafe, such receiver or receivers, their deputies, are hereby impowered to ftop such (hip or veflel voyage, re-from proceeding to fea, till the said duty be paid 5 and upon the ccivers may cjoath or removal of any mailer or commander .of any (bin or H°Pthe ^P* veflel, the owner or owners shall deliver to the fuccceding matter a true account of the said duty due to the said hofpital, as aforrfaid, and money ftifiicient for the payment of the (ape to the receivers thereof, and in default thereof, such receiver and receivers, or their deputies, shall and lawfully may ftbp foch (hip or veflel from proceeding to fea, until the (ilia duty shall be fully paid and fetisfied.

.. V. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho*Quakers af-rity aforesaid. That in all cafes wherein by this act an oath is acquired or appointed to be taken, the folcmn affirmation and declaration of the people caHed Quakers shall be accepted inftead of such oath, in such manner and form as is dire&ed in and by an a6t made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of hisj foid kte majefly King William the Third, intituled, yfo aft ihaty ScSVT. j. the Johan affirmation and declaration rf the people eaUed Quakers, c. 34.

Jball

•  Gooele

gl6	Aimo	derimo	AiftMt. c. 17.'	£17*1;

/ball be accepted injiedd of an oath in the ufnalform; for and during the continuance of the said laft recited aft, and no longer; ana if such Quaker shall refufe to makefoch folemn affirmation and declaration, in any cafe whereby any other person is hereby required to take an oath, he shall forfeit and be fubjeft to the like penalties, at any other person refofing to take an oath h liable Penalty of to by this ad; and in cafe any such Quaker (hall, upon such bid faHe oat.h or folemn affirmation or declaration, affirm or declare any matter affirmation, vhjch (ball befalfe; or if any other person (hall, purfuant to the execution of this aft, wittingly or wHlingly make a faHe oath, he or they fo offending (being lawfully convifted thereof) shall (offer the like fines and punilbments as other perfons, being convifted of wilful perjury, are by the laws of tnis realm fob-jeft unto.

No contraft* VI. And whereas it «, and hath of late been the ufe and practice flialt oblfruft rf divers majlers or emmanderSy owners or part owners of divers the payment outward bound merchant Jhips or vejfehy to enter into, or fign a cer~ at the duty, tain writing or contrary thereby the mariners debar themfehes from their wagiSy until fome certain time after the said Jhip or veffeVs arrival from off the said voyage in the fame port from which they did firjt put to feay although the said Jhips or veffels do make delivering ports in foreign partsy whereby their wages would otherwise come due bp law ; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforesaid. That no such contrafts, nor any other private contrafts or agreements, made or entred into by any featnan or mariner, (haf) ex» fend, or be conftrued to extend, in any ways to debar, obftruft^ or delay the payment of the duties aforesaid, which by this or any other aft are appropriated to the ufe of the said hofpital.

A pu}>lipk*&< VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid. That this aft, and every part thereof, shall betaken and deemed to be a publick aft; and if, at anytime or times hereafter, any <	perfon	or	perfohs shall be fued for any matter or thing done in

the execution of this aft, such person or persons (half and may GeneraJ iflue, plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if upon trial the plaintiff shall become non-•	<	fuited,	or	a verdift shall pafs for the defendant, the defendant

(hall recover treble cofts of fait.

Nor to extend VIII. Provided always. That nothing In this aft do extend tc^hoys,^&c. f0 0blige the payment of the fix pence per mtnfemy by any bringing wn, ma®crs> fervants, or apprentices of the hoys, fmacks, or other fifli, &c..to * veflels belonging to the port of London, and employed within London. the North Forekndy in bringing com, fi(h, or other provifions for the said port of Londony during the time they shall be fo employed* any thing in this aft contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

6 Ann. c. 13. IX. And whereas in and by one other aft made at Weftminfter in the fixth year of her present Majeffs reigny intituledy An act fop the better fecuring the trade of this kingdom by cruisers and convoys, amengft other things therein containedy it is entitled. That after the fale or fales of such prize or prizes as /hall be taken ftom the etsmyy pubhep ntrif fation should be given by the perfms op agents (ip* w	pointed



1714*3	Anporieeirao	Anna. c. 17.	317

pointed for she payment of the fcveral flares to the captors; aflen which.publish notification, if y2wr/j /ball remain in the bands of the persons or agents appointed, as by the fend aft if direfted, dfirr belonging to such men as flail die or run from the fervice, or ftub ae flail not legally be demanded within three years,	fitch flare or

/hares fo remaining in the per fins, or agents hands, flail go to, andbo paid to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital: in which said aft it is likely wife, amfingfi other things, further enafted and declared, That ai well the bill or bills to be made out for the value of fitch prize or prize* that flail be taken into her Majefiy* s fervice> as the bill or bills to ha made out for the bounty thereby granted to the commanders, officers, feamen, and other s> for taking any of the enemies flips of war or privateers^ flail be made payable to such perfin or persons as flail be authorized and appointed to appraifi or dijpofi of such prize fa taken from the enemy, by the commander, and by the majority of the officer s> and the major part of such flips company, and others as flail have taken the fame, to be diftributei and divided by the said perfin or perfons, fa authorized and appointed, amongfi the captorsy in such manner, formy and proportion as is thereby direfted; the fevered flares of which captors (if not legally demanded within three years after publick notification) flail go to the ufe of Greenwich bojpital: tn which said afty no fufficient provifion being made to oblige such agents or other persons to difcover or duly to account for.the monies remaining in their hands due to the said hofpital: Now for the better All persons and more effectual prefervfog and fecuring all such interefts and difpofing of (hares fo given and granted by the said a<ft, to and for the ufe prww. orap-of the faia hofpital, and for the better and more certain col-Iedlingthe fame j be it therefore enabled by the authority afore- receive bill* faid, That all and every person and perfons, agent and agents, for the valve and others who hath fold or difpofed of, or shall hereafter fell of prize (hip* or otherwise difpofe of any such prize or prizes fo taken, or that fhall hereafter be fo taken from the enemy, shall within the ^ by that a&j (pace of three calendar months next after the firft payment or and also per-* attribution to the captors of such prize or prizes, made in put- fon* difpofing fuance of such publick notification, make out, tranfmit or de- ?^Lnyifn^ fiver unto the treafurer of the said royal hofpital at Greenwich^ of war,lhallipi for the time being, or to such person or persons as he fhall for refpe&vely in that purpofe depute or appoint, a true ftate.and account of the three month# produce of such prize and prizes, together with an account of *° the payments of the feveral (hares to the captors, as shall then have been really and bona fide by him or them paid * and also hofpital ac-that all and every person and persons authorized and appointed counts there-' by the said aett to receive bills for the value of such prize (hip «

(hips as are or lhall be taken into her Majefty’s fervice, in pur* fuance of the said a£t, and all and every person and, perfon* au? thorized and appointed , to receive bills for the bounty granted	’

by the said aA, (hall, within the like fpaceof three calendar, months, next after the firft payment or diftribution of such bills, for the value offuch prize (hips, taken into her MajeftyY for* vice, and of the bills for bounty, as afqrefiud, in.likf manner make out, traofihit, or deliver to the treafurer for the timebe-1	ing



$f8	Anrlo	dedsrio	AmtM. C.xf.	ftytr.

Ingof.the ftid hofpital, or to hfs ftrfficient deputy, a true date and account of the payment and diftribution of such bill* ; and further. That all ana every person and perfons, agents and others, that by virtue of the said ad hath fold and cfifpofed of, or that shall hereafter fell or drfpofe of any prize or prizes taken from the enemy, or that (hkll at any time hereafter be taken from the enemy by any of her Majefty’s (hips of war of privateers, or that shall receive and difpofe of any bill or bills for the value of fiich prizes as (hail be taken into her Majefty’s fervice, or bills for bounty, fech person and perfons, agents and others, fo felling or difpofing thereof, (hall, within the fpaice of three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of three yearn, limited by the said ad, make out an *exad account of the produce of such prize or prizes, and bills for bounty, as also for the payments of the fevera! (hares to the refpedive cap-tors, together with a true and juft account upon oath of all such fan or nuns of money as (hail be then remaining in such agent or perfon,s cuftody, power, or pofleflion; and (nail at the fame time deliver, or caufe to be delivered to the treafarer of the said hofpital, for the time being, or to his fefficient deputv or agent, the said accounts fo attefted upon oath, as aforefaia, together with all such remaining fam and fums of money then fo left and remaining in his or their hands, as aforesaid, taking his or their acquittances for the fame.

The person X. And be it further enaded, That all and every the per-negltfding to fon and perfon* hereby direded to tranfmit or deliver all or any accoum* before mentioned, who shall negled or refufe to * tnmfait or deliver all or any such account or accounts, within te the said * the times before limited or appointed, in such manner and form boTpkal. as is herein before mentioned, or who shall negled or refufe to pay over all and every such fum and fums of money as fhall remain in his or their hands, power, cuftody, or poflHTion* after the term -of three years, to be accounted, as aforesaid, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to the ufe of the said royal hofpital the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record, in which no efforn, protection,

Erivilege, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (half e allowed.

Perfen* coa- XI. And be it further enaded, That if any fraud, collufion, y idled of fraud or deceit shall be wittingly or willingly made, ufed, committed, in.ftitmg tc- permitted, done, or fuffered, in the making, dating, or ba-feit"tool? One ,afictog any foch accounts, then every person or persons, who half to the (hah he thereof duly convided, and his and their aiders anrf hofpital, the abettors, fhall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, over anrf other to the above the penalties and punHhments to be infbded by any' pro ccutor.	& former law, the fum of one hundred pounds; one

moiety whereof to be to the trie of the said hofpital, and> the other moiety to the informer who fhall fee for the feme, to Be mwrated, with oofts of fuit, by adion of debr, bill, of

6

 booQle

i7U-l; Anno decimo Anna, c* 17.	519

information, in anyv court of record, in which no efioin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed. ..	1	1

XII.	And whereas her Majefiy by her mofi gracious declaration for Cla^/c encouragement of her Jbips of war and privateers* bearing date thfaczStonto firjl day of June, one tboufand feven hundred and two, was pleafed demand their to dir eft* That in cafe any of her Jbips of war* or merchant Jbips cm* Aarcs* ployed in her fervice* or any private man of war* should take in fight* fink* fire* or by any other means deferoyvnyjbip of war* or private man of war belonging to* or in the fervice of the enemy* they should have* as a reward for fucb fervice* for each piece of ordnance* whether iron or brafs* in any Jhip of war* or private man of war* fo taken or defiroyed* ten pounds* to be paid out of her Majefifs jbart of prizes* and to be Jhared and divided as in the Jaid declaration is fpe-cified: and whereas the flag officers* captains* and other officers, and companies offeveral of her Majefifs Jbips of war* did take and defray feveral Jbips of war. and privateers belonging to* or in the fervice of the enemy* before the commencement of the said aft ofparliament pajjed in the fixth year of her Majefifs reign* and thereby became entitled to such reward* as aforefaia* by virtue of the said declaration j but np money remaining of her Majefifs Jhare of prizes in the receivers hands* they are like to be deprived of the benefit of her Majefif s said gracious intention of rewarding fucb fervice* unlefs fome provifion be made by parliament for fupplying the fame: and whereas the Jams of fix tboufand pounds* and one thousand two hundred pounds* part of the money remaining due to the feveral captors for their Jbares ofprizes* by virtue of the said declaration* have been paid by the receiver or receivers of prizes into the receipt of the Exchequer* where thefame lie uncalled for* though publick notice for payment thereof hath umg fence been publijbed in the Gazettes; and it being requifite that fome certain time should be limited for the captors to make their claims to their Jhares of prizes* by virtue of the said declaration* and in default thereof to be barred the fame* in order to have the accounts of fucb Jbares finally adjufied* and that fo much thereof as Jball remain uncalled for within such limited time* may be applied to and for the ufes and purpofes herein after mentioned •* be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That as to such (hares belonging to any captors of prizes, by virtue of the said declaration, of the day appointed for the payment whereof publick notice hath been given in the Gazette for three years or more fince pad, and which shall not be legally demanded before the twenty fifth of December* one thoufancl feven hundred and twelve, such captors, their executors, adminillrators, and afligns, (hall, from and after the Aid twenty fifth day of December* one thousand feven hundred and twelve, be for ever barred from all right and claim to the fame; and as to anv other (hares belonging to any captors, as afore-find, if the (aid (hares shall not be legally demanded on or before the twenty fifth day of March* one thousand (even hundred . and thirteen, such captors, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, shall then be for ever barred from all right and claim to the feme*

•	.	XIII.	And





j20	Annoctecimo	AnnM. c. tj.

Treasury may XIII. AM whereas. there are remaining in the handtef the find orckr the	receivers ftveral fumy of money .which may probably be fujfiaent to am-

12001 xx- fwer tymands of captors, and also to pay the said rewards, over maining in	and befufetbi [aidJams of fix thousand pounds, and one thousand two

Ac Exclie- hundred pounds, paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid,

»10which said lafi mentioned fums may he prefentiy applied for the benefit. S^afurerof °f ^e said hofpitalbe it therefore enabled by the authority a- . the hoTpiul. forefaid, That the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, (haH and may, and are hereby authorized and directed to order the payment of the said fums of fix thousand pounds, and one thou&md two hundred pounds, to be forthwith iflqed and paid to the treafu-rer of the said hofpital, to be by him applied to the nfes and* purpofes herein after mentioned; and as to all the monies which How the mo- now is or hereafter shall be in the hands of any receiver or re-* piet remain- ceivers of prizes, or persons appointed for the fame, their exe-cutors or adouniftra^ors, belonging to any .captors for their wceivmtf ®lares °f priac«» by virtue of the laid declaration, the fiune (hail-prizes shall be be ifiued and applied in the firft place for or towards the pay-applied* ment of the captors, who shall demand the fame within the re-fpe&ive times aforesaid ; and after the payment of such captors, Aer> after the twenty fifth day of Marco, one thouiand feven * hundred and thirteen, shall be ifiued and applied for or towards the payment of the rewards before mentioned, in such propor-* tions as by the said declaration is directed, to and among the flag officers, captains, and other officers and companies of her Majefly’s said (hips,, their executors or adminiftratorst entitled thereunto, as aforesaid, if the fame shall be decreed unto them* by the high court of admiralty: and lifts of the (hips which shall be entitled to such reward by such decree, shall be tranfmitted to the receiver or receivers of prizes before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, and be by . them afterwards claimed of the receiver or receivers of prizes before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand feven hun* dred and twelve; aqd publick notice is hereby direded to be given in the Gazette by the receiver or receivers of prizes, or per-Ibns appointed for the lame, within fourteen days after the roy-3I aflent shall be given to this bill, of the reipedive times appointed for the captors, and the persons entitled to foch rewards, as aforesaid, to make their refpe&ive claims 5 and the furplus of the said monies, after the payment of such rewards*, or fo much of the fame as shall be legally demanded, at afore-faid, shall immediately after the times before limited for fiich demand, be ifiued and paid to the ufe of the said royal hoJptad at Greenwich such allowances being firft made out of the find furplus for the necefiary charges of officers attending for payment of such captors, on recals, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fix hundred pounds, as to the lord treafurer, or com-miffioners of the treafury for the time being* flhall feetn reasonable i any thing in the said declaration, or ady other matter or thing to the contrary hflFcof in any wife notwithftandiug- .

XIVT* PrO-



ijti.y Anno decimo Annas, c. 17.	321

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by 'The Aims to

the authority aforefeid, That the fum and fums of money fo to	^

be paid and diftributed to and amongft the said claimers, tor and JewTrds, not towards fatisfaflion of such rewards, shall not exceed the fum to exceed

of four thousand pouhds; and in cafe it shall fo happen that the 40001, fevcral fums fo decreed and demanded for such rewards, at or aicKl £6 "j0*. before the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand fe- J^oumTo ven hundred and twelve, shall amount in the whole to more more, the than four thousand pounds, then in such cafe the said fum of 40001. four thousand pounds shall be divided and diftributed to and a- debuted by niongft the said feveral claimers, by way of average, in propor- ° aVCr~ tlon to their refpeiftive interefts and demands, which is and shall By 1* Ann*, be in full recompence, discharge, and fatisfadlion of their said itat. ». c. 9. claims of such rewards from her Majefty; which said average	.

and proportion shall be made up and adjufted by the receiver of maJe^>f the the prizes, or person appointed to receive the feme, by thetwen- perfon* enti< ty fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirteen, tied to re-Who shall from thence forthwith pay such monies as shall be due wards> ^ for fucli rewards.

XV.	Provided alfo. That in cafe any person or persons, who Pcrfons enti- * tfre or shall be entitled to receive any money for or upon account tied to re-

of such rewards, as aforefeid, shall not himfelf, or by his law- ward#> not ful attorney, come to such receiver, or person or persons ap-^^Jthemb<-pointed to pay the fame, to receive such money, before the fore *4 June, twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and 1711. flull bo thirteen, then every such person and persons shall from thence- excluded, forth be barred and excluded from any right to any such money.

X vl. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That from and immediately after the said twenty fifth day of March, one After *5 thousand feven nundred and thirteen, the receiver and receivers March, 1713. of prizes, and person and persons appointed to receive the fame, ^river of shall pay to the treafurer of the said hofpital, for the ufe of the pa^hetrea-faid hofpital, all and every such fum and fums of money as shall jiircr all the” be then remaining in his or tbeir hands of the captors money, captor* money over and above the said fum of four thousand pounds, if the,,ands. whole shall be decreed and claimed by the time before limited, abovc4P°° • and also over and above such fum and fums of money as shall be neceffary for defraying the charges of attending and making such payments, as aforefeid, (not exceeding the fum of (ix hundred pounds before mentioned) to be paid in such manner as the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, shall order and diredt; and alfo, that from and immediately after the said twenty fifth day of December, And after *5 one thousand feven hundred and twelve, such receiver and re- Dec. 1711. fo covers of prizes, and person or persons appointed to receive Ul.uch oft^e the feme, shall pay to the treafurer of the said hofpital, for the notbe ** ufe of the said hofpital, all and every such fum and fums of mo- then claimed* ney of the feid four thousand pounds, as (halt not before that time be decreed arid claimed for such rewards; and also (hatl, from and immediately after the said twerttv fourth day of June, And after 14 V01, Xtt	Y	oneJ^^ij.aa





3*2

that shall not be then demanded.

An 7 other

Annodccimo, Anna. c.i7# .	[*7*u

one thousand feven hundred and thirteen, pay to the treafurer

of the said hofpital, for the ufe of the said hofpital, all and every such fum and fums of money of the said four thousand pounds, as shall not before that time be demanded to be paid, as aforesaid, by the person entitled thereto, or by his lawful attorney.

XVII.	Provided likevvife, That in cafe any other monies due money due to to captors, by virtue of her Majefty’s said declaration, shall be received by such receiver or receivers, or person or persons ap-hands, after pointed to receive the fame, or shall come to, or be in the hands 15 March, of any other person or persons, at any time after the said twen-»7i t. fhall be *y fifth day of March, one thousand feven hundred and thirteen, u^arei^for *be ^aine	t0	trea^urer	°f	the	faid	hofpital for the

the ufe of tbc time being, for the ufe of the said hofpital. hofpital.	XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

The treafurer That it shall and may be lawful for the treafurer of the said hof-fliall pay the pital, to pay and difpofe of fo much of the said monies as (haH - di. paid unto him, as aforesaid, for the ufe of the said hofpital, connniflioners as the commiflioners for the said hofpital at their general court of the hofpital. shall order and dire& ; which order or orders of the said court shall be a good and fufficient discharge to the said treafurer for all monies fo by him paid, against all persons whatfoever; and in cafe there shall not be money enough in the hands of the receiver and receivers of prizes, and the person or persons appoint-How the cap- ed to receive the fame, to pay the said captors rewards, and the tors to be paid cfiarges 0f attending and making such payments, as afore-That then it shall and may be lawful for the said treafurer, iuificieut. y or any other treafurer of the faia hofpital for the time being, and such treafurer is hereby authorized and required out of (uch monies, to pay all such money as shall be deficient for the purpofes aforesaid, or any or either of them, to the receiver of prizes, or other person appointed for the receiving prizes, out of the Revenues of the said hofpital, which shall be, and are hereby charged ■with, and made liable to the payment of the fame, fo as the fold hofpital be not charged with more than the said fums of fix thousand pounds, and one thousand two hundred pounds, to be received, as aforesaid, out of the Exchequer.

XIX.	And whereas cotifiderable fums of money may be remaining in durin the ^)e ^an^s °f rcccivcr Dr receivers of prizes, or persons appointed reign of W. 3 .for the fame, during the reign of his late majesty King William tie not demanded Third^ their executors or adminijlratGrs, belonging to feveral cap* before^^une, tor5 jn f}je fervice of his said late Majejly, for their frnres of prizes paid to the ta^en during the reign of his said late Majefy, which have not been treafury for legally called fory or demanded in all this time; and it will therefore be ft that tie fame should be dischargedy and feme difpofition made thereof; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all such monies as shall be fo remaining, as. aforesaid, in the hands of any receiver or receivers of prizes, or persons appointed for the fame, their executors or adminifltrators, shall be paid on or before the twenty fourth day of June% one thousand feven hundred and twelve, to the treafurer of the said hofpital, to be

~ ‘	applied

Money in receivers hands

the ofe of the hofpital.

 v^oogLe

I7H*1	Anno	dedmd	ANN®.	c.17.	323

applied to the ufe of the said hofpital; and such receiver or receivers of prizes, or persons .appointed for the fame, their executors and adminiftrators, are hereby required and authorized to pay the fame accordingly ; and the said feveral captors, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, are hereby barred from all right and claim thereunto.

XX.	And whereas no feamen have hitherto been admitted intb the Who may b* said hofpital* but such only as have ferved in the royal navy, notwiib- a^m^4 Jlanding greatfums have been conjlantly paid towards the fupport of the ^

faid hofpital from the wages of feamen imployed in merchants fervice ; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforesaid. That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, the commiflioners of the admiralty for the time being, or whoever elfe (hall, from time to v time, have power to direct the admiftion of any feamen into the said hofpital, shall conlider, as being fully qualified for an ad-miflion into the said hofpital, any Teaman, who shall offer him-felf to be admitted, and who shall produce an authentick certificate of his having been wounded, maimed, or hurt in defending any fhip belonging to the fubje&s of her Majefty, a-gaihft the enemies of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, or in taking any fhip from the enemy, and thereby difabled for fea fervice any law, cuftom, ufage, or order to tne contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXI.	JVhereas it is become a common practice* that merchants Jhips If any fhip not

and vejjils carrying merchandize, do very often flop and ride at the Mongingto moorings appointed'and laid out for the ufe of her Majejlfs Jhips and	the

veffels, and at her Majeffs Jhips and hulks in harbour* near and ad- Queen's moor-joining to her Majefys dock yards* fore-houfes and magazines, such ings, the cap-merchant or tradingJhips or veffels not being forced thereto by any necejft- £ain, &c. shall ty or want of tide* by which means her Majejlys Jhips* veffels* and ma- cwy^idehe gazines are fubjefted to accidents by fire, and other damages,'through (tays at the the carelefnejs of the persons left on board such merchant Jhips, as well said moorings,. as to charges, by weakening and wearing the moorings \ and the per- unlefcnecefE-fons left on board such merchant Jhips, by their long Jlaying at fuch

moorings* have great opportunities of running of goods and imbeztlling weather &c* her Majeffs navalfores: for prevention whereof, be it therefore	1

ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That if any merchant fhip, or any other fhip or veflel, not being one of her Majefty’s ffiips of war, or belonging to her Majefty*s royal navy, or imployed in her Majefty’s fervice, or such mips as fhall come to deliver ftores into her Majefty’s yards, during their delivery thereof,

(hall flop or fatten to any of her Majefty’s moorings, or fix them-felves to any of her Majefty’s fhips or hulks, the captain, ma-fter, commander, or perfon, having the care or command of ilich merchant fhip or veflel, that fhall be then on board, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds for each and every tide (toch merchant fhip or veflel fhall ftay at the said moorings, un-iefe it Stall appear that such merchant fhip or veflfcl was neceffitat-edTo do, by want of tide, ftrefs of weather, or other unavoidable accident j erhe moiety of which forfeiture fhall be to the ufe One moiety to pf the afofefaid holbital,1 the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the hofpital, r	Y	a	h	im





314	Arttio	decimo	Anpta. <!, f‘	fi7tt.

the other to bim or them that shall fue for the fame, together with cofts cf tbcprofecutor. profecution, to be recovered by a&ton of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at ff'e/f-minjUty wherein no eflbin, privilege, protection, wager of law, injunction, or more than one imparlance (hail be allowed;

Upon neg!e& XXII. And it is hereby furtherenaCted and dedaftd by the toimlooie, up. authority aforesaid. That upon notice given to the perfoa com. on nonce	manding on board fetch merchant fttip or veflcl, orimder whofe

boors! tier	carc ^>€ ^ame	then be, by any officer or officers bdonging

M a jetty’s offi- to any of her Majcfty’s (hips of war* docks or yards, as atore-cers may uu- feid, to unloofe from the said moorings* upon neglect or refu&l loofe such Qup thereof for the (pace of twenty four hours, it shall and may b« Corines lawful to and for every such her Majefty’s officer and officers, to * unloofe fetch merchant (hip or veflcl from the (aid moorings.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to give further time for inrolling such leafes granted from the crown, as have not been inrolled within the reffective times therein limited •, and for making the pleading of deeds of bargain and fale inrolled, and of fee farm rents, more eajy.

WHEREAS feveral leafa or grants have been made by her Majejly, or her royal prcdecejfers, under her or their great feats, or under the Exchequer feat, the feats of the duicby and county palatine 0/ Lancafter, or fome of them, of feveral manors, mfffuagcs, lands, woods, tenements, tithes, profits, and ether hereditaments, within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, to take eff'eCl in pojjijfion, revcrjtou, or expectancy, or by way of future inter cf, for one, two, or three lives now in being, or for feme term or terms of years, determinable upoq one, two, or three lives now in being, or for fome certain term or terms, not exceeding fifty years, to take effect from the date or making thereof, or for such other efate or term as (together with the if ate or eflates in pcjffion of and in the premiffes Jo leafed or granted refpeClively) was net to exceed three lives, or the term of fifty years, from the date or making of every such particular leafe or grant: and whereas there are feverat provifoes, conditions, or covenants infierted in the said feveral leafes, or fome of them refpeClively, importing that , the fatfie Jbould be inrolled before the proper auditor of each county within a time limited in that behalf, to the end the rents or duties thereby referved or payable might be put in charge, and duly anfwered and paid, or performed: and whereas notwit hjlanding the said provifoes, conditions, or covenants in the Jaid leafes, yet feveral of the Iff-fees or farmers therein named, or thofe claiming under them, have omitted and negleCled inrolling, or caufing to be inrolled their said leafes, within the reffective times limited for that furfafe, as aforesaid, whereby the said rents or duties are not only in likelihood of be-ing loft, but the leafes are for that caufe void or voidable, or toe lef-ftes, or thofe claiming under them, are liable to payments Nomine pause, or other penalties er damages; now U the fw tfafyA feJfoh «	and

 CjOOQle

Anno decimo Anna. e. i$.

5**

and the ptrfms claiming under them, may be relieved in the prmiffes^ and that the rents due and referved upon such leafes may hereafter be duly pvt in charge, anfwered and fatisfied> her Majefly is gracioujly plea/ed that it may be enaBed\ and be it enafted by the Queen’* moil excellent majesty, by and with tbc advice and content of Alt persons the lofds spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present having before parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That	tc/in*

all and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, r^le^esmade having at any time or times before the third day of March, one by the crown, thousand feven hundred and eleven, made such default or omif~ ttiall before fion of inrollment of any such leafe or leafes, as aforesaid, or any person or persons claiming or pretending any right, title, or be^nroJhd, intercft under them, or any or them, shall and may, on or be- and the leafe, fore the third day of Marsh, which shall be in the year of our fo inrolled Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve, bring, or caufe	a<|* v

to be brought, such leafe and leafes to the proper auditor to be |ts ^ ° inrolled, who is hereby authorized and required to inrol the no forfeiture fame, and to put the rents thereupon referved in charge, as if bad been such leafe or leafes had been brought to be inrolled within the™*?* j°rwa!j* refpeftive times thereby limited in that behalf; and that in eve- inro ry fu ' r 1	1	r	*	" '	'■*f '	1	1	* f“ 11

this

arrears of rent then due thereupon (and not other wife) be adjudged to continue and have its being, as if no forfeiture, or eaule of forfeiture (for want of inrollment only) had been had or made ; and the leflee or leftees in eveiy such leafe fo inrolled purfuant to this aft, and all persons claiming under them refpec-tively, shall be, and is and are hereby exonerated and difeharg-ed of and from all penalties and damages which might be occa-fioned for want of such inrollment; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained shall Thii aft shall extend to affirm or give continuance or being to any leafe or not continue leafes, which in any court of law or equity have been adiudged or decreed to be forfeited or avoided for want of such inrollment, forfeited, as aforesaid $ any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withfhndiftg.

■ III. And for fupplying a failure in pleading or deriving the title to if a bargain lands, tenements, or hereditaments, conveyed by deeds of * bargain and and fale be fale, indented and inrolled according to the Jlatute made in the twenty P^dcd, * c°-feventh year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, for inrollment	figned^y the

bargains and fades, where the original indentures of bargain and fale, proper officer, to be Jbewed forth or produced, are wanting, which often happens, ana proved on ejpedallyi where divers lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are com*	**

prized in the fame indenture, and afterwards derived to different per- ^ft asiTth* fans be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That original in-wherein any declaration, avowry, bar, replication, or other denture had pleading whatibever, any such indenture of bargain and fale in- h*cn produc* foiled, shall be pleaded with a Profert in Curia, or offer to pro- £^617 due* the fame, the person or persons fo pleading, shall and may produce and fliew forth, and be fuffered and allowed to produce

*3





Anno clecimo AnNu®. C. 18.	[17V1.

and (hew forth, by the authority of this aft, to anfwer such Property as well against her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, as against any other person or persons, a copy of the inrollmenf Of such bargain and fale; and such copy examined with the inroll-ment, and figned by a proper officer, having the cuftody of such inrollment, and proved upon oath to be a true copy, fo examined, and figned, shall be of the fame force and effeft, to all intents and conftruftions of law, as the said indentures of bargain and fale were and (hould be of, if the lame were in such cafe produced and (hewn forth.

Where any IV. And for as much as the fee farm rents, and other rents pur-fee farm rents, chafed under an aft of parliament made in the twenty second year of foJd purftiant re\gn gfag Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the ad? ** Car i7c 6. vancing the fale of fee farm rents, and other rents, and one other & n & 13 Car!	in the twenty second and twenty third years of the fame reign y

*.€.24, are intituled, An act for veiling certain fee farm rents, and other defenbed in fmall rents in truftees, cannot always be fo fully and particularly de~ as may. ^ re(luif:te for conveying or pleading the fame: for in the inden- the better deriving and pleading the title to such rents, from the tures of bar- truftees appointed for felling thereof, purfuant to either of the gain and fale laid afts, and clearing all doubts relating to the naming or de-tee* fuehde- bribing thereof; be it enafted and declared by the authority a-feriptions (hail forefaid, That where any rent or rents, intended by the said afts, ferve in plead- or either of them, to be fold, and fold purfuant thereto, is, are, ing the titles, or shall be named or deferibed in any deeds, fines, recoveries, or other affurances, or in any declaration, bar, avowry, replication, or other pleading whatsoever, by such or the like names or deferiptions, as the fame were named or deferibed by in the indentures of bargain and fale made by the truftees for fale thereof, purfuant to the said afts, or either of them, such names or deferiptions may ferve, and are and shall be fufEcient lor the conveying, deriving, or pleading the title to such rent or rents from or under the laid truftees, and shall be at all times deemed, judged, and allowed fo to be, in all courts of law, or.elfe-where.

Not to extend V. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained, to rent which shall extend to give or allow any benefit or advantage in plead-pikUn ioCn *nS or	t0	any rent which hath not been paid or le-

yeari. vied within twenty years next before the time pf such pleading or deriving title to the feme.

CAP,

f

 v^.ooQle



Anno decimo Ann.*. c, 19.

2*7

CAP. XIX.

An aH for laying feveralduties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame-, and upon chequered and ftriped linens imported; and upon certain ftlks,	callicoes, linens, and fluffs, printed, painted, or

flained-, and upon fever al kinds of vellum, parchment,- and paper -, and upon certain printed papers, ' pamphlets, and advertifements-, for raijing the fum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of lottery towards her	Majefty's fupply -, and for licenjing an additional

number of hackney chairs -, and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better	her	Majefty's

duties to	arifle in the office for the-	duties by licences

for marriages and otberwifle	-,and for relief of perfons

who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have loft Exchequer bills, or lottery tickets-, and for borrowing money upon flock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the uje of thepublick.

MOST	gracious Sovereign, we your Majefty's moft dutiful and p0r tit appro-

loyal	JubjeHs, the commons of Great Britain, parliament

affembled, finding it abfolutely neceffary to raifle large Jupplies of mo-ney to carry cm	the preflentwar, until your	be enabled to seTto Ann*?

-eflablifl a good and lafling peace, and for defraying your Majefty's c> ,5. f, ,,$) other extraordinary expencts,	have, for thofle ends and given

and granted, and do by this ail give and grant to your Majefly the feveral and reflective rates and duties for and upon all fope made in Great Britain,^ imported into the fame-, and for and upon all paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, and for and upon all the chequered and ftriped linens to be imported into Great Britain ; and for and upon certain fills, callicoes, linens, and fluffs, printed, painted, flained, or dyed, as are herein after mentioned and for and upon such ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and ether things, as are hereafter in this ail more particularly deferibed j 'for and during such term and terms of years, and in such manner and. form, as are herein after expreffed: and we do moft humbly befeech From 10 June, your Majefly, that it may be enailed-, and be it enadted by the ?711- Aufope Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-	per*

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ib. for 3* present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, years. 4 That there shall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and Made perpetual for the ufe of her Majefty* her heirs and fucceffors, for and upon V 3	**

all fope which, at any time or times within or during the term c' 7* of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the tenth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, shall be imported or	'

brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all cuftoms, fubiidies, and duties already impofed thereupon) the fum of two pence for everypound weight, confiding of (ixteen

Y 4	ounces





$z%	A$no	dedm6 Annj8. 5.19-'	{17**2

ounces amrdupcii, and after that rate for a greater or Ifefler quasi* tity, to be paid down in ready money >by the importers thereof^ JFrom time to time, before the landing of the &me9' *and titter All fope made, there fliall be railed, levied, colle&ed* and paid* onto and for in Great Bn- ^he life of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and upon ail per lb!Pay 1 ^Pc °f w^at kind foever which at any time or tinted within or - adoring the feid term of thirty two years, fliall be made within the laid kingdom of Great Britain, the fum of one penny , fay every such pound weight averdupois, and after that r^tie for * greater or lefler quantity, the fame to be paid by thermakee* therepf refpedlively.	-

Set* landed II. And be it cna&ed by the authority afofefaid, Thit in Cafe before entry, any of the said imported fope shall be landed or put oh Store nut lee. forfeited, cf any (fop or Vcflel, before due entry be made thereof at the ort e va&ae. cugofn-iidUfc in the port or place where the fame Stall be'int-ported, and before the duties by this a<ft charged or cfaargeabfe thereupon, shall be duly paid, or without a warrant farthe laitd'-fog or delivering the fame, firft figned by the commii&oners ^ collators, or other proper officer or officers of the coftoms re*-foedlively, that all such imported Tope, of what kind foever, as Stall be fo landed or put on Store, or taken out of any (hip or veflel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the fame, shall be forfeited, and Stall and may be feized or recovers* One moiety to ed of the importer or proprietor thereof; to wit, one moiety ctf wher?o the l^e ^ame tothe ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and focceflbrs, and feilbr, $cc. fhe other moiety to the ufeof fuchperson or persons as will frizes * * inform, or fue for the fope fo imported and forfeited, or the va* hie thereof, in any her Majefty’s courts of record at Wtjlvnttfter^ or in her Majefty* court of fcflion, court of judiciary, pr Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedtvcly, by action, fait; l?ill, or information, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of lair ihall be allowed.

How thefe du-. III. And be it further enacted by the authority gftrdattf, tics (bail be That the said duties upon imported (ope, by this ad£ granted; raiiccl# during rite continuance thereof, shall be afcertained, focured, raifcd, levied, recovered, and anfwered, for the ufes and pur* pofes in this a# exprefled, by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and in fudi

-	manner and form, as the present duties upon fope imported, of . any of them, are by any law or statute now in force to be aicer*

triped, fccured, levied, raifed, recovered and anfwered, during t^te continuance thereof refpe&ively.

Duties on Tope .. IV. And be it enabled and declared by the authority afore* imported to be fold, That such of the duties impofed by this a<ft upon imputed under the ra.v f0pCj as ^ajj arj£ ]n £nglandy fValesy and the town of Berwici the cornmif- UP°Q	(hall be under the management of the commiffion-

finners ofthe ers and officers of the cuftoms in Engknd for the time being; caroms* and.fuch qf the duties impofed by this a<ft upon imported fope;

as Stall arife in	(hall be under the management of the

. comtniffioners and. officers of the cuftoms in SrQtland fof the

rime befogysijid that the,refpe^e.recriy(jrs^^eral of the cm-

—	i	*	ftom*

 v^,ooQle

-i y n JJ	Anno dedfctt 'Amut. c. tg/

3*9

ftoms iff England and Stetiand for the time being, (half, from time to time, pay or cadfe to be paid, all the monies that thty ttrfpedively shall receive of the said duties for imported fope (the nccefiary charges of railing and accounting for the fame except^ jed) into die receipt of her Majefty's Exchequer in England,, di-ilin&iy andapart from aU other branches of the publick revenues, for the purpofeain this ad exprefled, and under the fxka penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities as are to be infixed by .eiris nft, for diverting or tnifapplying any monies by this ad appropriated or appointed for any the purpofe* herein after mentioned.

V.	And for the better afccrtaining, charging, and fecuring Her Majefty the duties by this ad fet and impofed upon all forts of fope macfoo«*trcafury to in Great Britain^ during the term aforesaid, according to the

true meaning of this aft, and for preventing of frauds concern-^ ln ing the fame; be it further enaded by the authority aforefoid. Great Britain, That such commiflioners or persons as her Majefty, her heirs for fucceftbrs, or the high treafurer of Great Britain now being, or the high treafurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, fhall, from time to time, by one or more commission or comroiflions for that purpofe appoint, shall be her Majefty’s commiflioners for the receipt and management of the laid duties by this ad let and impofed upon all the fope made within Great Britain chargeable by this ad ; which said commiflioners, or the major part which com* of them refpedively, (hail and have hereby power, by commif- miffioners fions under their refpedive hands and feals, to fubftitute and may appoint .appoint under them such receivers genera], colledors, comp-	8C-

(rollers, furveyors, and other officers, as shall be requifite and n # «c* aeceflary for toe purpofes aforesaid; and that the said commif-£ oners to to be appointed, and all the officers for the* said duties on fope, shall nave out of the fame such falaries and rewards ifor their refpedive fervices, in relation to the fame duties, as the said high treafurer now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the tncafuiy for the time being, shall think reafonable to eftablifli or allow in that behalf * and that the refpedive commiflioners for the said duties on fop* to be made in Great Britain, for the time being, (hall, from time to time, caufe all the monies to arife by or for the said du- Tjie mo ties on fope to be made in Great Britain, during the term afore- arifing bv this (aid, (the necefiary charges of managing, colleding, railing, dutr to be paying, and accounting for the fame excepted) to be paid, from p*Vnt0 tho time to time, as the fame shall arife, into the receipt of her Ma- Exc“wlW* jetty’s Exchequer in England, under the penalties, forfeitures and difabilities herein after exprefled.

VI.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforesaid. That Smse-makert all and every person or persons whatfoever, who, on or before btmiojim* the tenth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoiifend fe- ,7,»* to give * yen hundred ana twelve, shall make any fope in Gr/*r Britain*

for fale or not for fale, (hall, on or before the fame tenth day of names, and June, one thoufend feven hundred and twelve, give notice in boiling-

‘	'	writing	houles,&c.





Afiflo dedtno Annje. c. 19.

[1711:

ties, &c.

writing at the office for the said duties on fope next to the place where such fope fhall be made, of their refpedive names, and of every boiling-houfe, work-houfe, ftore-houfe, wareThoufe, (hop, room, and other place by him, her, or them reipe&ively made ufe of for the making, or keeping of such fope, or for the boiling or keeping any oil, tallow, pot-afh, lime, or other materi-and of all their als proper to be made into fope ; and also of all coppers, kettles, coppers, ket- furnaces, fats, cifterns, troughs, or other veflels ufed in the boiling or making of fope; and that from and after the said tenth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, during the continuance of the said duties upon fope, no maker of fope shall ereift, fet up, alter, change, enlarge or make ufe of any boiling-houfe, work-houfe, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, room, or other place for the making or keeping of fope, or for the boiling or keeping any oil, tallow, pot-afh, lime, or other materials proper to be made into fope, or ufe any copper, kettle, furnace, fat, cirfern, trough, or other veflel for the boiling or making of fope, without firft giving notice thereof in writing, or unlefs notice thereof shall have been before given in writing at the next office, as aforesaid; and if any maker of fope fhall ere<51, fet up, alter, enlarge, or make ufe of any boiling-houfe, work-houfe, Vvarc-houfe, ftore-houfe, (hop, room, or other place for the making or keeping of fope, or for the boiling or keeping any oil, tallow, pot-a(h, lime, or other materials proper to be made into fope, or shall ufe any copper, kettle, furnace, fat, ciftern, trough, or other veflel for the boiling or making of fope, without giving such notice thereof, as aforesaid, contrary to the true meaning of this adt, then, and in every such cafe, the offender therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit and lofc the fum of fifty pounds.

VII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That during the continuance of the said duties on fope, no maker of fope In Great Britain shall charge or caufe to be charged any copper, pan, or other utenfil, with materials for making of fope, or fill out any fope from the fame, between the hours of ten at night and five in the morning, without firft giving notice thereof to the proper officer, under the penalty of twenty pounds * for every such offence.

VIII.	And it is hereby declared, That every barrel of fope The contents or ou?ht t0 contain two hundred fifty and fix pounds; of a barrel, &c. every half barrel, one hundred twenty and eight pounds ; eve-of fope. ry fifkin fixty and four pounds ; and every half firkin thirty'' and

"two pounds averdupois, befides the weight or tare of the calk : ToAnnx,c.26. and that all fope to be made during the said term, fhall be put £ hi*	by the maker into such cafk, and none other, upon the mak-

ing thereof, upon pain of forfeiting five pounds for every offence or negledt therein.

Sope-makers IX. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That within the from anj aftcr fajj tenth day of June, one thousand feven «ntw atthet0 hundred and twelve, during the continuance of the said duties office month- upon fope hereby granted, all and every person and perfons

whau

on forfeiture ot 50 1.

Statute hours for working fope.

• In the former editions it u . fifty.



1711-3 Anno derimo AtfNm. c. 19;	321

Whatfoever, who {hall make any fope in London or Wejlmmjler> tyt others eve-or in any parts within the limits of the Weekly bills of mortali-ty, shall monthly, and every month, and all and every person _0	*

tr perfohs whatloevfcr, who shall make any Tope in any other

f>art of Great Britain, fliall, once in every fix weeks, make a rue entry in writing at the next office for the said duties, of all the fope by him, her, or them feverally made within such month of fix weeks refpe&ively ; which said entries shall con-r tain the weight of all fope mentioned therein refpedively, and What quantity thereof was made at each boiling in the feveral Weeks to which such entries shall relate, on pain to forfeit for every neglect of entry the fum of fifty pounds: Which entries Entries to be fliall be made upon oath by the makers of such fope, or by majk on oath their chief workman or fervant employed in making the fame, according to the beft of their knowledge and belief, unlefs such maker, workman, or fervant, be a known Quaker* and the fo-lemn affirmation of such maker, workman, or fervant to the fame effect, in cafe he or (he be a known Quaker* shall and may be taken inftead of such oath; and the said entries, oaths, ana affirmations to verify the fame, (hall, for such fope as shall be made within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, be made with and adminiftred by such officer or officers as mall be appointed by the commiffioners for the said duties in England) or the major part of them, for the time being, who shall attend at & general office in London or TVeJlminJter for that purpofe, and for all-fope made in all other parts of Great Britain* with and by the collectors and fupervifors of the diftriA or divifion within which the refpective makers of fope (hair inhabit, ‘without any fee pr charge 'whatfoever to be demanded or taken for the jfame.

X. Provided always, That no maker of fope shall be obliged Entries to be to go or fend further than the market town where his or her made at the fope is made, or the next market town to the place where his market pr her fope is made, for the making of such entries, as afore- to™1# faid,

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Peribhs in That all and every person and persons whatfoever, who shall London, &c. make any fope in London* JVeJlminJler* or within the limits the said weekly bills of mortality, (hall, within four weeks, we^,Jjn any and all and every person and persons whatfoever, who shall other parts in make any fope in any other part of Great Britain, fliall within *** weeks, fix weeks after he, she^ or they shall make, or ought to have made such entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said duties for fope which shall be due from him, her, or them refpec* tively ; and that all and every such makers of fope, who shall refute or negledt to make such payment, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe for every such offence, double the fum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be fo refofed or neglected•* and that no such maker of fope, after such default in payment made, on forfeiture fliall fell, deliver* or carry out any fope, until he hath paid and of double du*

, eared to.





$3*	Anno	dedmo Annjb. c. i$|i	£1711.

cleared off his doty, as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit doable the . '	value of such fope lb delivered or carried out.

Officers may XII. And be it further cnafted by the authority aforeiaidf ent*r fep®- That all and every the officer^ for the (aid duties on fope* (hall* S	**mcs»	by	day	or ty night (and if in the night-time^ then

f take an ac- in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of the, peace) count ot the be permitted, upon his or their reqpeft, to entet the bcwfe*boil*? *>!*•	ing-houfe,	ware-houfe, or pther place whatfoever, belonging

to, or ufed by any person or persons, who within or during the Olid term pf thirty two years, shall be a maker or makers of any fope whatfoever, and by gauging or weighing of the fope* or otherwise, as to such officer shall leem moil proper an<\convenient, to take an account of the juft quantity of the fope , which shall have been made by such maker or makers of fope* and*make a from time to time; and shall thereof make return pr report in return thereof writing to the refpeftive commiflioners for the said duties on to the com- fope, or such as they refpeftively shall appoint to receive the kaWnc a co- ^me, leaving a true copy (if demanded) of such report in writ-py with the fog under his hand, with or for such maker or makers of fope maker, on pt- refpeftively; and such report or return of the said officer or aalty of 40 s. officers shall be a charge upon such maker or makers of fope refpe<5)iy,eiy; and if the officer shall refufe or negleft to give or leave a true copy of his report in writing with or for such maker or makers of fope at the time of taking such account, upon do* mand, as aforesaid, every such officer, for every such offence* fhall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings to every fuels maker and makers of, fope refpeftively.

Officers to be XIII. Provided always, That every officer who (hail be im-fwom. powered to make such charge, as aforesaid, shall in the firft place be fwom for the due and faithful execution of his office $ and the oath in that behalf fhall and may be adminiftred by ail or any the commiflioners of the said duties on fope* or by any of her Majefty’s justices of the peace, who shall give to foch Makers to officers a certificate thereof; and all and every such maker or keep juft	makers of fope refpeftively, are hereby required to keep fofficient

ft^itwof and juft fcales and weights at the place or places where he, she* toJL	or they do make such fope, and permit and affift the officer tat

make ufe thereof, for the purppfe$ aforesaid, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be forfeited and loft for pot keeping such feales and weights, or for not permitting and aflifting the officer to ufe the fame, as aforesaid.

XIV. And the better to prevent any fjraud? and conceal-? merits, whereby her Majefty, her heirs or focceflors* may be injured or deprived of the duties upon fope granted by this aft it is hereby likewife enafted and declared by {he authority afor&K Officers to	faid. That all and every the officers for the said ditties up6a.

take an ac-	fope, shall also be permitted to take an account by gauging*

weighing, or otherwise, of the quantities of oil, tallow* pot-* pot-aft**,\n afhes, lime^ and other materials proper to be made into fope* maker* hands, that shall be in the cuftody or poflejflion of any maker of fope* Jk*	during the continuance of the (aid duties hereby graetgd * and

‘‘ «

rjrir.)	Annode^rfio	Ann;b.	c.19;	$33

in cafe filch officer Or officers shall mifs any quantity or quantities of such oil, tallow, pot-afh, and other material* afbrefaid, which'he Had taken an account of at the laft time he was at fiich makers of fope, and shall not, upon rcafonable demand,	>

receive fatisfadbn what is become of fiich oil, tallow, and other materials fo milling, then, and in eYefy such cafe, it shall and maybe lawful for such officer to charge such maker of fope with such quantity of fope, as such oil, tallow* and materials fo miffing, in his judgment would reafonably have made, not exceeding fourteen gallons of such ingredients mixtorun-mixt (befides the lees) for every barrel of fope confiding of two hundred and fifty fix pounds Weight Averdupm* and fo in proportion for a greater or letfer quantity.

XV.	And be it enacted. That if any maker or makers of Obitniaing fope shall obftru<ft or hinder any of the said officers in the exe- ?1 cution of the powers and authorities given to him or them by a

this a<ft, for the afeertaining and fecuring the said duties upon fope, the person or persons offending therein, (hall, for every fiich offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.	'

XVI.	And it is hereby further enacted. That no maker or Makers notto makers of fope, after the said tenth day of June, one thoufand

feven hundred and twelve, during the continuance of the said notice to pro-duties on fope, shall (under pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty per officer, om pounds for every offence) remove, carry, or fend away, or fut- pain of soL fer to be removed, carried, or font away any fope by him, her, or them made, of which no account shall have been firft taken by the proper officer for the said duties, from the place where the feme fope shall have been made, without giving to the proper officer or officers, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, twenty four hours notice at the lead, and to the proper officer or officers in other parts of Great Britain, two days notice at the lead, of his, her, or their intentions to remove, carry, or fend away the feme, that the said officer (without his own wilful neglecd or default) may have time to gauge, weigh, dr otherwise take an account thereof.

XVII.	And for the better afeertaining the said duties on fope, $ope net for. be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, That all makers veyed, to be of fope, (hall, from time to time, keep all the fope by them to kept dp*™*, be made, and which shall not have been furveyed and taken an.on ?*** * ^ account of by the said officers for the said duties on fope, fepa-

rate and apart from all other their fope which shall have been furveyed and taken an account of by such officers, for the fpace of twenty four hours after the making thereof, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or for the ipece of two days after the making such fope in any other part of Great Britain* unlefs fiich fope shall have been fooner furveyed, and taken an account of by the said officers refpedtively, on pain to forfeit for every such offence therein the fum of five pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted. That it any of the feid Sopeemcfetf-makers of fope fhall fraudulently hide or conceal, or caufc to be ed,forfekt*oL hid or concealed, any fopcchai^cable by thiraft* or any of ^

kc.

 VjOOQlC

|24	Anno	dcdmo	Amha. c.ig. {1711-

Ac materials for making the fame, to the intent to deceive her

Majefty of the juft duties by this aft granted, that then, and in every such cafe, the party lo offending, shall forfeit the futn of twenty pounds for every such offence.

Sope, &c. XIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, ^^at all fope, oil, tallow, and other materials for making (bpe,

, >nar~	(hail	^	foun(i	jn	any private boiling-houfe, work-houfe,

ware-houfe, or other place, and all private coppers, kettles, furnaces, troughs, and other veflels, for which no entry shall be made, or notice given, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and loft, and the fame, and the value thereof, shall and may be feised and recovered by the said officer or officers for the said duties upon fope, to her Majefty’s ufe.

XX. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That all the fope, and all the materials and utenfils for the making of fope, in the cuftody of any maker or makers of fope, or of any person or persons, to the ufe of or in trull for

vate boiling houfes, &c, forfeited.

A1lJo|*,n!a«

terials, &c. chargeable with the duties for lope in arrear.

fuch maker or makers of fope, shall be liable and fubjeft to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the debts and duties for fope in arrear and owing by such maker or makers, for any >lbpe made by him, her, or them, or in his, her, or their working-houfes or places aforesaid ; and shall also be fubjeft to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons - fo using such work-houfe or other place, for any offence against this aft, relating to the said duties upon fope; and that it shall and may be lawml, in all such cafes, to levy debts and penalties, and ufe such proceedings as may lawfully be done by this aft in relation to fope, in cafe the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the fame.

Stock in hand	XXI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid,

on io June, to That for all fope which any fope-boilers, chandlers, or other P»y-	fellers and dealers in fope m Great Britain, or any person or

perfons in truft for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or thei* ufe, shall be poffeffed of or interefted in, upon the said tenth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, for fale, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majefty the like refpeftive rates, as are by this aft to be paid for the like forts of fope rc-» fpeftively to be made or imported after the said tenth day of Stock in hand June; and that all and every tKe said fope-boilers, chandlers, to be entred ancj other fellers and dealers in fope, and all and evety other office on?or- Per^on an<* Perf°ns who, in truft tor them, or any ot them* feiture of 5ol. Of for the ule of them, or any of them, shall be pofleffed of, or and the fope have in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeflion, or in his, her, not entred, or tjieir boiling-houfe, work-houfe, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe-(hop, room, or pther place or places whatfoever, upon (he faia fenth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, apy (lock, parcel, or quantity of fope of foreign or Britijb manufacture for fale, fhall, on or before the said tenth day of Tiute, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, make a true and particular entry thereof at the office for the said duties within the 1 limits of which they shall refpeftively inhabit, upon pain to

"6	forfeit



Amp dedmo Ann.®. c»*9.	f3|

forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and the said fope for which no such entry shall have been made ; and within 'fix days after he, and the duty (he, or they shall have made or ought to have made such entries,* as aforesaid, shall pay down the duties hereby payable for such / day,.W1 fope, or within the said fix days shall give fecurity to the proper officers for paying the fame duties to her Majefly’s ufe, within three months then next enfuingj and in cafe the said duties for IOL percent* such (lock of fope be paid down within the said fix days, then for prompt there shall be allowed out of the said duty for such prompt pay- payment, ment an allowance after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, for the said time of three months; and that all andNegleftingto every £ich (ppe-boilers, and other fellers and dealers in fope, P*y» forfeits who shall refufe or negleft to make such payment, or to give double; such fecurity for payment of the said duties for his, her or their said flock of fope, within the time by this a<5t limited for that purpofe, fhall forfeit double the fum of the said duty which lhould have been fo paid or fecured by him, her, or them, as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper officers for the said duties refpedlively to take a true and particular account of all such flock or quantities of fope as any lope-boilers, chandlers, or other fellers and dealers in fope, or any in truft for them, (hall, on the said tenth day of Juney one thousand feven hundred and twelve, have or be poflefled of; officers may and for that purpofe shall be permitted, in the day-time, to enter (hops, enter into any (hop, ware-houfe, boiling-houfe, or any dwell- &c-t0 VICW •ing-houfe, out-houfe, or other places belonging to such fope- oc * boilers, chandlers, and other fellers and dealers in fope, and every of them, who are hereby required to permit such officer and officers, upon his or their requeft, to make such entrance on the said tenth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, or afterwards, at any time before the duty laft-men-tioned shall be paid or fecured, and to take an account of the quantity of such fope, under the penalty of twenty pounds; and if any person or porfons, having on the said tenth day of Refufaltoper-juney one thousand feven hundred and twelve, in his, her, or mit them,far-tneir cuftody or poileinon, any flock or quantity of fope charge- fcit* ao1* able by this a£t with the said duties for flock, as aforesaid, shall clandeftinely remove or carry away, or caufe or fuffer to be re- ciandeftindy , moved or carried away the fame, or any part thereof, before removing her Maiefty’s duties thereupon shall be paid or fecured, as	*°rm

aforefaid, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide any part of his, *cltt loi% her, or thpir said flock of fope, that then, and in every such cafe, he, she, or they fo offending, for every such offence lhall fprfeit the fum of twenty pounds; and in all and every such Cafe and cafes the (lock or quantity of fope, which shall be fo cfcndeffiqety removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be f?ized by any, of tbt fajd officers for the said duties on fope; and the per-lbn or pprfop? ip whofe cuftody such flock of fope shall bp found, who (ha|) not, before the difeovery thereof, give notice af the r^qfi office for the said duties .on fope of the flock or* x	quantity







Anno decimo Anna*. c. i0. "

fo in his, her, of their cuftody, fhall alfl the fura of five (hillings for every pound

may I ported orv fe-cority, See*

Socfi Ape relanded, forfeited.

quantity of fope forfeit and lofe weight.

Sope that bath XXn. Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the H ^c^,ty authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for may ex- any person or persons, who shall have actually paid her Majef-ty’s duties by this aCt payable for any quantities of fope wharfo-* ever, and to and for any other person or persons, who fhall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such quantity of fope from, the (aid person or persons who actually paid her Majefty’s duties for the lame, to export such fope for any foreign parts, by way Of merchandize, giving fufficient fecurity before the (hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of fope which shall be intended to be exported, as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be (hipped and exported, and that the fame or any part thereof, shall not be re-landed or brought again1 into any part or parts of Great Britain, which fecurity the cuf-tomer or col left or of the refpeCtive port for such exportation, is hereby directed and authorized to take in her Majefty’s name, and to her ufe.

XXin. Provided always, That if after the (hipping any such fope to be exported, as aforesaid, and the giving or tendring (bch fecurity, as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allowance or. drawback herein after-mentioned, the fope fo (hipped to be exported, or any part thereof, shall be re-landed in any part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such cafe (over and* above the penalty of the bond which shall be levied and recovered to her Majefty’s ufe) all the fope which shall be landed* or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XXIV.	And it is also hereby enaCted, That any person or u!.fU^Jh!SJ P^0118 w^° fhall e*port any fope to any foreign parts, shall or on debenture may make proof, upon oath, or by such affirmation rcfpeCtively, from the cul- as aforesaid, that the duty of such fope hath been paid or fe-urnier, &c. cured, according to this aCt (which oath or affirmation the col-, repa^tbe'du *e<^or w^lio received the said duty is hereby required and im-tt~ powered to adminifter) and thereupon the said cuftomer or collector of the said port of exportation, shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, exprclfing the true kinds and quantities of the fope fo exported 5 and the exportation thereof being certified by the fearcher upon the said debenture, the colle&or appointed to receive the said duties upon fope in such county or place where the said fope was exported, (upon producing the fjfod debenture fo certified to him) shall forthwith pay the duties which shall have been received upon this aCt for the fope fo. Exported to the persons or agents fo exporting the fame; and^

If such collector shall not have money m hisnands to pay any; such debenture, then the refpeCtive commiflioners for the faid' duties of fope are hereby required to pay, or caufe to be paid,, the said debenture out of any duties upon fope arifing by thi* aCt; or if the duty of such fope (b exported were only fecured, *nd fhall remain unpaid, then the fame fhatt be discharged upon •’	thp

On oath that



Anno cfedmo Anna. c. 19.

' fectfrhie* for the fame; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, All the powers

That all and every the powers, authorities, diredions, rules, ^	*•

/methods, penalties, and forfeitures, daufes, matters, and things, otlwexdfc which in and by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of aft*, to be in King Cbarlis the Second, intituled. An act for taking away the force for ma-tourt of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights frrvice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his MajeJly u in lieu thereof, or by any other law now in fbfce^relating to her Majefly's revenue of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled or eftablilhed, for managing, raifing, levying, colleding, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such .odes for which other penalties or provifions are made and prescribed by this ad) shall be exercifed, pradifed, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, colleding, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties topon fope hereby granted, during the continuance of this ad, as fully and efFedually to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, daufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enaded in the body of this present ad.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. All fine*, 8cc.

That all fines, penalties and forfeitures, in relation to the said to	for

duties by this ad impofed upon Cope, shall be fued for, levied, ^cxife. tW* and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered

or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill. Plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of recoru at JVeftminfter, or in the court of feflion, court of judiciary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, (except / the said penalty of forty (hillings on the officer) shall be to h#

Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him X*r them that shall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame,

XXVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the CommUSon-authority aforesaid. That luch persons as shall be, in purfuance ers for thefe of this ad, appointed commiffioners for the duties on fope to duties to hayo be made in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall and didioiTaJ may have and exercife the fame or like jurifdidion, power, and commiffioners •^tnority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order.jp of exdk. tdl cafes and matters relating to the said duties on fope ariutg

Within the limits aforesaid, as the commiffioners of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, may or lawfully can exercife, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order in the like cafes or matters an relation to the (aid duties of excife, by any law or flatute now in force.

XXVIII.	And whereas it may frequently happen, That Jlale or Allowance to

fatten fope* cniaifo the outings if good jepe, {for which the dot- tale^ro<^ ' Voi. XU.	1	tits	^





Ajino decimoc-ij- £17**.

'cU^‘n2* °f fin upon this a(l fiall firjl have been duly paid or thargtd) may k* good lope, pm pujaga'ut jn(a f},t (0pper or pan to pt refrejhed or made , and the Hrtobere. J*P< rawly made from the famey or from a mixture of the font* with frefhcd. ' ft her ingredient s, will be chargeable with a new duty by this a& \ it By 11 Geo. i. is therefor? hereby,provided and enabled, That in cafe such ftale \fotUe \?lobo or rotten f°Pe» or cuttings, be put into the,copper or pan, in gtverrtfibe .the prefeoco of an officer for the said duties, to be refrefhed or fittinginJtalo .made new,. as aforesaid, such officer fhall, from time to time, fopeffec* • jnake an allowance of the duty of the ftale or rotten, fope, or cuttings fo put m, and certific every such allowance upon hitf ^report to be returned to the head office, as aforesaid j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Allowance to XXIX. And whereas fope is more or lefs ufed in wajbingy fcour-be made of a uig, or preparing the Jheeps woolly or lambs wooly to, be converted third part of into the woollen manufactures of this realm % and in the making 9t fope (pent in fnijhing the fame manufactures, or fome of them \ and it being judged dotbs ^ferees re^fona^e to £ive an cafc cr encouragement to persons who fhall be em-&c. on oath^ * ployed in the prcparlngy makitigy or finifbiag the said woollen manure. of the faClureSy ivhether the fame be for exportation or home confumption : worker. it is hereby further provided and enacted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, who, after the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, during the continuance of the said duties upon fope, fhall improy, fpend, and confume any quantity or quantities of .	.	Cope in the making of any cloths, ferges, kerfies, bays, ftock-

ings, or other manufactures of Iheeps or lambs wool only, or in the finifhing of the said manufactures, or preparing the wooll for the fame, or to and for his, her, or .their chief workman imployed under him, her, or them, in thofe works, or any of them, from time to time, to make proof in writing by the affidavit of the said person or persons who shall fo imploy, fpend, and confume the said fope, or of his, her, or their chief work-man, unlefs he, she, or they be a knowri Qyaker or Quakers, and by the folemn affirmation of such Quaker or Quakers, before the collector and fupervifor of the diftrict or divifion where such fope fhall be fo employed, fpent, and confumed, or either of them, (who are hereby refpectively impowered and require^ to adminifter the fame upon the requeft of the manufacturer, or his, her, or their chief workman aforesaid) which said affidavit or affirmation fhall fpecifie the kinds and quantities of the manufactures fo made, finifhed, or prepared, and the days between which, and the places where the fame were fb made, finifhed, or prepared refpectively, and the Quantities and kinds of the fope which were actually employed, fpent, and confumed therein ; and that no allowance,. by virtue oF this act, was before made to such manufacturers refpectively, or for his, her, or their benefit; of the duties payable by this act for the fope fo fpecified in such affidavit or affirmation, or any part thereof; and that upon the making of every such affidavit or affirmation the laid collector, out of the money in his hands of the said duties upon fope by tbif act granted, (ball pay to the laid ma,-

nufa&ujcrs

 kjOOQle

171 iv}	Anno	dedmo Anna. c. 19-	33^

tiufidurers relpedively, fo much as one third part of the duties • granted by this ad for the fope fpecified in every such affidavit or affirmation taken by the said colledor and fupervifor jointly, or by the said colledor fingly, doth amount unto, without any delay ; and in cafe the fame were adminiftred by the fupervifor only, then upon a certificate thereof, made and figned by the Aid fupervifor (which he is hereby required to make and fign upon demand) the said colledor shall out of any monies in his hands of the said duties on fope, forthwith pay to the said ma-•ilufadurers refpedively the said third part of the laid duties fo payable by this ad tor the fope fo fpent and confumed, as aforesaid; ahd in cafe the colledor lhall not then have money lufficient in his hands to fatisfy such payments, that then and in. every such cafe the commiffioners for the said duties on fope, for the time being, upon a certificate thereof from the said colledor, (who is hereby enjoined and required to make and fign such certificate) shall forthwith caufe such payments to be made out of any monies arifing by the said duties on fope, without ally further delrfy.

XXX.	And it is hereby declared and enaded. That the said Such affidavit# affidavits, affirmations, and certificates, touching the said al- not to be lowance to the woollen manufadurers aforesaid, lhall and may be written 6r printed upon paper not ftamped or marked for any the duties charged by this or any other ad upon ftamped vel-	?

lom, parchment, or paper; and that ho fee, gratuity, or re- No fee to bd ward whatfoever, shall be required, demanded, or taken from t^ken f°r any the Aid manufadurers, for making any the payments Qf allowance,«c* the said allowance for fope confumed in the woollen manufactures, or for making, or taking any the said affidavits, affirmations, or certificates relating thereunto, (except four pence for Except, kt. writing every such affidavit, affirmation or certificate) upon pain that any of the said officers offending therein, lhall For every such offence pay treble damages to the party grieved, befides full cofts df fuit, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty relatirigpto the duties upon fope are by this ad to be recovered.

: XXXI. Arid for the better preventing frauds and abufes in Perfons for-obtaining the allowances laft-mentioned, it is hereby further fwearing, to enaded. That if any person of persons lhall in such affidavit or affirmation, fwear, affirm, or alledge any matter or thing that allowance, ftlall be falfe and untrue, with an intent to defraud her Majefty,

Her heirs or fucceffors, such person or persons offending therein, fhail for every foch offence forfeit and lofe treble the value of the allowance for which such affidavit or affirmation lhall be made, to be recovered in like manner, (to wit) one third part thereof to the ufe of the Queen’s majesty, and the other two thirds thereof (with full cofts of fuit) to the ufe of the informer or profecutor ; and if any person or persons being once For fccond of-convided of any such offence, shall again offend in the like fen.ce kind, and be thereof duly convided in any court of record at JVeJlminfltri or m any the laid counts of Scotland^ every fuch;

Z 2	perfon*





3W

Vuty on paper, Sic. imported for 32 years from 14 June, 1712. made perpetual kj 3 Geo.

1. c. 7. 1. i.

Ada fine.



Imperial Fine#

Soper Royal Fine.

Royal Fine.

Medium Fine.



Veiny Second#



Ah ho declmo AiiWJfc. t?. r$.	[i ft i.

pMen or perlbns, for such other offence, fhall fuffer as in ck/e* of wilful and corrupt petjury.

* XXXII. And be it enadttd by the authority aforesaid, That there lhall be railed,* levied, collected, and paid, urtto and for the t*fe of her Maicfty, her heirs and fuCceflors, for and upon a!l paper of what kind foevfer, and all paftboards, mildboslrds, and fcalt-beards, and all books, prints, and maps, which, at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckonfed from the four and twentieth day of June9 drtc thousand feven hundred and twelve, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of 'Great Britain, (over and above all other cuftoms, fubfidies. and duties impofed upon or payable for the fame) the feverai and relpe&ive rates and duties herein after fcxpreffed, (that is to fay)

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name df Allas Fine, which (ball be imported or brought in, as afore* ftid, the fom of fixteen drillings for every team, and after that rate for a greater or lefTcr quantity.

For atrd upon all paper ufually called or known by. the name of Atlas Ordinary, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fam of eight (hillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufiially called or known by the name of Imperial'Fine9 which shall be Imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the futn Of lixteen (hillings for every ream, and after that hate For a greater or lefler auantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Sitper Royal Finty which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fbm of twelve (hillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantify.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Royal fine^ which shall be imported or brought in, as afore* ft id, the futn of eight (hillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Medium F/w, Which (ball be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fum of fix ihiHihgs for every ream, and after that rat$ for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ulually called or known by the name of Demy Fmey which shall be imported or brought in* as afore* faid, the fum of four (hillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater Or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of DemySccondy which shall be imported or brought in, as ifbre* faid, tire fum of two (hillings and fik pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler auantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Demy Printings which shall be imported or brought in* aa aforesaid, the fum of one (hilling and ei§bt pence for OYerjT and after that rate for a greater or lefler qeantfm" / v-';	*	•

~	For



#?n;j	Anno	decimo Anna. c. 19.	j+t

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by die n&me Fine Holland of	Fine Holland Royal, which shall be imported or brought in, as Roy*1*

aforefaid, the Aim of three (hillings and three pence tor every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Fine of Fins Holland Second, which (nail be imported or brought in, '•ecoiul* «

2s aforesaid, the Aim of two (hillings for every mm, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity.	>	•

Fpt and upon ah paper ufually called or known by the name Blot Royst «f	Rhe Royal* which shall be imported or brought in, as afore-

faid, the Ann of two (hillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all painted paper which shall be imported or Painted paper brought in, as aforesaid, the fum of eight (hillings for every imported, ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Cartridge poof Cartridge Paper, which (ha|l be imported or brought in, as P61"’ aforesaid* the Aim of one (hilling and fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name BkphantFine, of	Elephant Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as

aforefaid, the Aim of eight (hillings for every ream, and after that rate for * greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called a known by the name Ordinary Ete-<of Ordinary Elephant, which shall be imported or brought in, as pbsut. aforesaid, the fum of three (hillings and three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon alt paper uAially called or known by the name Fine Large of Eitto Largo Pofl,which shall be imported or brought in, as F°d* '■ aforesaid, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Fine Fools of Fine Fools Cap,which (tell be imported or brought in, as C*P* aforesaid, two (hillings and fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon ail paper ufoally called or known by the name Second Foote of &eeoml	Fools Cap,	which shall be imported or brought in, as Cap.

aforefaid, two (hillings for every ream, and aftar that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

•• For and upon all paper ufoally called or known by the naineBaftard, or of Ba/lard, or Datddt Copy, which shall be imported or brought double Copy, ip, ts aforesaid, two (hillings for every ream, and after that rate (or a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Chancery (/( Chancery Double, which shall be imported or brought in, as Double, aforesaid, two (hillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Superfine Fob pf Superfine Pot, which mall be imported or brought in, as afore-M, two (hillings for every ream, and after that fete for a greater or lefler quantity,

Z 3 For





34*

Second Pine Pou

Genoa Modi.

Genoa Dpmy rin$.

Genoa Demy Second.

Annd dccimo Annm. C. 19.	[ r 71 ir.

For ami upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Second Fine Pot, which shall be imported or brought in, a* aforesaid, one fhilling and fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

‘Genoa Royal. For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name *	of	Genoa	Royals which shall be imported or brought in, as afore-

faid, three (hillings and three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Genoa Medium, which shall be imported or brought in, afc aforesaid, two (hillings and fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Genoa Demy Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, two (hillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Genoa Demy Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, after the rate of one (hilling and fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

Genoa Crown For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Fine.	of	Genoa	Crown Fine, which shall be imported or brought m, *s

aforefaid, one (hilling and fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

Genoa Crown For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the narrte Second. 0f Genoa Crown Second, which shall be imported or brought inf, as aforesaid, one (hilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the hanrfe of Genoa Fools Cap Fine, which lhall be imported or brought ip, as aforesaid, one (lulling and fix pence for every ream, and aftdr that rate fot a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the nanfe of Genoa fools Cap Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one (hilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of German Lombardy which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one (hilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name pf German Demy, which lhall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one (hilling and fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of German Crown, which shall be imported or brought in, is aforesaid, one fhilling for every ream, and after that rate fo£a greater or lefler quantity.

German Fools For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name CaP*	of	German	Fools	Cap%	which	:ftiall	be	imported	of	brought	iri, as

afore&tf.

Genoa Fools Cap Fine.

Genoa Fools Cap Second.

German Lombard.

German De-

Ceifyan

Crown.



*7* i-I	Anne	decimo	Annjb.	c.	19.	34^

aforefaid, one (hilling for every ream, and after that rate for a , greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paftboards, mildboards, and fealeboards, Part board, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, live (hil- Jcalcboard, lings for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.	,/Geo. ,	^

- And for and upon all other paper, white or brown, or of afly All other pa-other colour or kind whatfoever, which shall be imported orP®1*20*- P*r brought in, as aforesaid, (not being particularly charged in this _al°" a<ft) a duty after the rate of twenty pounds fox; every one hun- r dred pounds of the true and real value of the fame, and aftej: that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

XXX1IT. And it is hereby enadled, That there shall be an- Books, prints, fwered and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for a”|!^apS| ,m“ and upon all books, prints, and maps, printed or wrought off in any parts beyond the feas, which, at any time or times within rem.V or during the term laft mentioned, shall be imported or brought, In pari rebound or unbound, into Great Britain, (over and above the present duties thereupon) a duty after the rate of thirty pounds c ”*• a * for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the fame, and after that rate for greater or lefler quantities : which said duties for and upon the said feveral forts of paper, and the said paftboards, mildboards, and fealeboards, and the said books, prints, and maps to be imported, as aforesaid, shall be paid by the refpe&ive importers thereof, from time to time.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby declared. That the values of such Value of pa-of the said paper, and of the said books, prints, and maps, as per, books, are tp pay the said duties ad valorem, (hall, in all cafes, be taken h°w to be to be fo much as such imported kinds are really worth, to be afccrtained* fold at the port of importation, without any abatement for the

duties thereupon charged by this or any former a<5ts ; and that

the refpe&ive cuftomer, colle<ftor, comptroller, or other perfon

or perfons, officer or officers of the cuftoms, for the time be- .	.

ing, shall receive and levy the fame duties fo payable ad valorem,

upon the oath of the merchant or importer accordingly: and

fuch oath shall and may be adminiftred, and all other matters

done for afeertaining the said duties of such paper, and of fueh

books, prints, and maps fo payable ad valorem* in the feme

manner and form as are lawfully ufed and pra&ifed for afeer*

taining any duties payable ad valorem, upon any other comxno- . -

dities imported.

XXXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, Duty on pa-That the feveral rates and duties by this a& fet or impofed upon &c*to ** all or any the said forts of paper, and upon all or any the said pa“ on cntx7* paftboards, mildboards, and fealeboards, and the said books,

prints, and maps, to be imported and brought into Great Bri* tain, (hall, from time to time, be fatisfied and paid in ready money, upon the entry or entries made, and before the land*, ing thereof; and that in cafe any of the said imported paper, pr any the laid paftboards, mildboards, and fealeboards, books,

Z4	prints.





£4*	cijg	f!7i*

Landed before prints, or maps, (hail be landed or putoa duMont of my fluf-ent^,&c.for- or ycjjy^ before due entry be made thereof at the oid^owhoofe iir the port or place whene the famefhaU be iaported« ead'before the said duties by thU ad charged or chargeable therewpcm* shall be duly paid, or without a warrant for the Imdfog or defo iivcring the fame, firft figned by the coramiflioners, odtetikovoi or other proper officer or officers of the cuftoms tefpe&fvely. That all such paper, and all the (aid paftboards, miidboard% and icaleboasds, books, prints, and maps, as shall bo fo hn4t4 or ppt on (bore, or taken out of any (hip or voflel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the Vakie of the fame, shall bo forfeited, and shall and may be feratd and recovered of the tot« porter or proprietor thereof, to wit, one moiety of the foam to the ufc of her Majefty, her hdrs and foccetiors, and the other moiety of the fame to the ufe of such person or peribns a* will feize, inform, or fue for the fame, or the value thereof, in any her Majefty’s courts of record at Wijlminfitr% for any fetch ofiences committed m England, WaUs, or Birwuk upon pr in her Majefty’s court of feffion, court of juftipary, or court 5>f exchequer in Scotland, for any such offences committed ha Scotland, by adion, bill, (bit, or information, wherein no efioin, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed.

How thefe XXXVI. And be it further enaded by the authority ofore-&al!bc faid, That the said duties upon the (aid imported paper aa$ riWlc<r boards, and upon the (aid imported books, prints, and maps, during the continuance thereof, shall be afcertaiaed, fecurec)* yaifed, levied, recovered, and anfwered, for the ufes and pur-pofes in this ad expreffed, by such rules, ways, means and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as the present duties upon (uch paper, boards, or (uch books, prints, or maps refpedively, or any of them, are by any law or statute now in force, to be afccrtained, fccured, railed, levied, recovered and anfwered, during the con-tineance thereof refpedively.	1	*

XXXVII.. And be it enaded and declared by the authority by the com^ aforesaid, That such of the duties impoled by this ad upon thp miflionert of laid paper and boards, and upon the (aid nooks, prints, and the cuftomi. maps, as shall arife in England, IVak^ and the town of JUrwicf upon Twed> shall be under the management of the commife fioners and officers of the cuftoms in England, for the tkoe be? ing $ and such of the duties impofed by this ad upon imported paper and board*, or (uch books, prints, or map*, as aforriaid, as that) arife in Scotland^ shall be under the management of the commiflioners and officers of the cuftoms in Scotland, for the tifxit being * and. that the refpedive receivers general of die cuftoms in England and Scotland, fo* the time being, (hall, famy time to time, pay or caufe to be paid, ah the monies that they refpedively shall receive of the (aid duties for the said paper and boards, and for such books, prints, and - maps imported, »a* aforesaid, {the neceflary charges of railing a*A apeounuag fof tpe fame excepted] into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer

in



»711 -T	Anno	dctian Anna. c. 19.	34$

iaMnelanii difliaftly and apart from all other branches of .the publics. revenues, for die purpofes ip this aft exprefled, and under the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilitjes as are to be infii&ed by this ad, for diverting or mifapplyiag any money by this, ad appropriated or appointed for any the purposes herein after mentioned.

XXXVUI. And be it further enacted by the authority afbre^ Paper, pft-faid, That there frail be ,raifed, levied, collc&cd and paid, -to board, &c. . and for the; ufc of her Majtfty, her heirs and foccdfors, for mad tin Great and upon, all paper of what kind foevenr, and . upon all paft»» beards, tnildfaeards and feakboards, which frail, at any time or , times within or during the term of thirty two years, to be rec- 1. c. 7. C 1. koned from the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, be made in Great	the	fcve-

ral and oefcoftive duties herein after-mentioned, that is to fay.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Demy Flee.' of Demy Fine, which shall be fo made in Great	the	fum

of one frilling and fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or Idler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Demy Second, of Demy Second, which frail be fo made in Great	the

fum of one frilling for every ream, and after that rate fora greater or Idler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Crami Kao, of Cretan Fine, which frail be fo made in Great Britain, the font of one frilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater Or Idler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name ct Cream Second,.whkA frail be fo made in Great Britain, the con“* fum of nine pence far every ream, and after that rate for a greater or Idler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Pools Cap of Feolt Cap Fine, which frail be fo made in Great Britain, the Fine> film of one frilling for every ream, qpd after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Fools Cap of FeoitGnp Second, which frail be fo made in Great , the Second, fum of nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Fine Pots.

(Of Fine Pets, which frail be fo made in Great , the Aim pf one frilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater Or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Second Pots, pf Second Potti which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the fum of foe pence for every ream, and after that sate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Brown Large flf Breton Lor# Cap, which frail be fo mpdo in Great , Cap.

the





3+6

Small Ordinary Brown.

Whited

Brown.

Pa ft board I,

Paper not

particularly

ch*r<ged.

Anno dcdtfx) Ann A. c. rg.	11 yii.

the fum of fix pence for evefy ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Small Ordinary Brown, which fhall be fo made in Great Britain*, the fum of four pence for every ream, and after thar rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Whited Brown*, which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the fum of fix pence for every bundle, each bundle containing forty quires, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paflboards, mildboards, and (caleboards, which shall be fo made in Great Britain, three (hillings for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

* And for and upon all other paper, white or brown* or of any other colour or kind whatsoever, which shall be made in Great Britain, as aforefeid (not being particularly charged in this a<ft) a duty after the rate of twelve pounds for every one hundred pounds of the.true and real value of the fame^nd after that rate for any greater or lefler quantities: which said duties for and upon the (aid feveral forts of paper, and other the com~ modifies laft-mentioned to be made in Great Britain, shall be paid by the makers thereof refpedively.

Printed paper. XXXIX. And it is hereby enabled. That for and upon all paper which, at any time or times during the term lad-men* tioned, shall be printed, painted, or Aained in Great Britain, to ferve for hangings and other ufes, there shall be anfwercd and '"	paid	to	her Majefly (over and above the duties payable for fuch

paper before the printing, painting, or flaming thereof) the fum of one penny for every yard fquare, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity ; to be paid by such person or persons, 1	as	(hall	print,	paint,	or	ftain	the fame.

A ream to be XL. And be it declared and enabled by the authority afore-ao quires, of faid. That a ream of paper chargeable by this a<9, whether the **(beets each. fame be imported or made in Great Britain, shall be underftood 1	to	confift	of	twenty	quires,	and each quire of four and twenty

(hects ; and that all forts of paper of the refpe&ive dimenfions and value of the paper chargeable by this a<51, under the refpee-tive denominations aforesaid, with the refpe&ive rates and duties •'	hereby	granted,	(hall	be	charged	and	chargeable	with	the	(aroe

refpc&ive rates and duties, although the fame denominations (by wbteh they ore now ufually .known) (hould be altered, or by whatfoeyer other name or names, the fame or any of them* now are, or during the said term, shall or may be called or known. •

Her Majefty XLL And for the bettter afeertaining, charging, and fecur-oi lord rreafu- jng the duties by this a<ft fet and impofed upon all forts of pa-Pcr* anc* ^ ^ paflboards, mildboards, and fcaleboards made ^mmi iojv jn Qreai Britain, and upon the said printed,. painted* and flaia-





54?

ijii.]	-Anno detimo Anna. c.	1*9.

ed paper, during the term aforesaid, according to the true fcneatt* ing of this aft, and for preventing of frauds concerning the fame; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such com-mifliohers or persons as her Majcfty, her heirs and fucceflors; on the high treafurer of 'Great Britain, now being, or the high treafurer of Great Britain, or any three or mbre of the cora-miffioners of the tfcafury, for the time being, lhall, from time to time, by One or more commission or comnriflions for that purpofe appoint, (hail be her Majcfty’s commiffioncrs for the receipt and management of the said duties by this aft fet and impdfed upon all paper, paftboards, mildboards, and fcale-, boards made within Great Britain, and upon the said printed, j painted, and ftained paper chargeable by this aft : which said who are Ur 'Commiftioners, or the major part of them refpeftively, shall appoint othep and have hereby power, by commission under their refpeftivc °™ccr*» hands and Teals, to fabftitute and appoint under them such receivers general, colleftors, comptrollers, furveyors, and other jOfficers, as shall be requifite and neceflary for the purpofes aforesaid; and that the said commiflioners fo to be appointed, and all the officers for the said duties upon paper, shall have * out of the fame such falaries and rewards for their refpeftive fervices in relation to the fame duties, as the said high treafurer ' yiow being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the • commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, shall think <reafonable to eftablilh or allow in that behalf; and that the said 7^ ^oney t* refpeftive commiffioners for the said dudes on paper, for the be paid into time being, (hall, from time to time, caufe all the monies totbeExche-arife by or for the said duties on the said paper, paftboards, <lucr#

. mildboards, and fealeboards, and for the said printed, painted, and ftained paper, to be made or wrought in Great Britain* during the term aforesaid (the neceflary charges of managing, collecting, railing, paying, and accounting for the fame excepted) to be paid, from time to time, as the fame shall arife,

' info the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer in England, under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities herein after ex-■ prefled.

XLII. And it is hereby enafted and declared, That the va- The dptyoa ‘ lues of such of the said paper made in Great Britain as is to pay PaP^ *bat duty ad valorem, as aforesaid, shall in all cafes be taken to be io much as such paper shall be worth to be fold (fo boa as the afccrtamcd. fame is perfectly made, from time to time) at the next market town, without refpeft to the duty hereby charged thereupon; and that the colleftor for the time being shall receive the said duties payable ad valorem for such paper accordingly, upon the oath of the maker or makers of such paper, or of bis or their , chief workman or fervant employed in making the fame, according to the heft of their knowledge or belief, unlefs fiich maker, workman, or fervant be a known Quaker, and the fo-lemn affirmation of such maker, workman, or fervant, to the fame effeft, in cafe he or (he be a known Quaker, ftiall and i»ay be taken inftead of such oath; which oaths and affirmations





34#	deei«o AM.H#. 42, fj.	f »7«.

tkm* to efcertrin the value of such paper fo to be charged* shall and may be adminiftred by the proper coU*d«r:	fopervifbrof

the diftriA or divifion within which, fuch. maker of .paper 4eth »l»abU. without any fee or char§e for.the fame. :.

per, paftboard*, XUII, And it is hereby further eu»<5fa4 by the aotfawriiy &c. before i4 aforesaid, That all and every perfop and perieos wbatfoewee, June, 17it, to who, on or before the four and tweijtfoih day of iw-efee fiK^name*** ^ °ur £o*d one thoufand- fevep hundred and twelve, shall , and placet of w*ke any paper. paftboard, mildboard, or fealeboard, or OtaJl abode, and of print, paint, or (lain any paper »n £rit#*, a$ aforesaid, their work- for fair, pr not for fale, mail, on or before the said four and min of 1 °" twent*®tfl day of Jutrtt one thousand favep hundred and twelve, h l Oeo i. &ve or leave notice in writing at the office: for the faidduttea or Wat. t.«. 3$. paper neat to the place where such paper, paftboand, nuldboard, 1.17. tfieerj and fealeboard shall be made, or where such paper, shall he are 10	made, printed, painted, or ftained, of their refpe&iv« names and

“quaxtitui t‘c	of abode, and of the place or places whew every fitch

ej faper, 'before person or persons do ofiielly make or print, point, or fours way pn*uig, &C. inch paper, paftboard, mild board, nr fealeboard; and font au and every fudt maker or makers, as often as he, for, or they (hali change their places of making, printiog, painting, or Gaining of paper, or making of paftboard*, mudhoande, and fcale-boards, and all and every person and persons who foall at any time or times hereafter, during the continuance of the (hid duties on paper, be a maker or makers of paper, pefibosrd, mildboard, or fealeboard, or shall print, paint, or (fain jay pa* per, as aforesaid, foall give or leave the like notice «f their m-foeitive names and places of abode, and the places where they shall refpe&ivelv make, or intend to make any fitch paper, paftboard, mildboard, or fealeboard, or to print, paint, or (bust «ny fitch paper, as aforesaid, before they rcfpe&ivdy do pro-feme to make, print, paint, erftain the fame, in any fitch, new jot other place or places, to the end the said comniwonere, or other officers for the said duties on paper, may, from time, to time, have due knowledge of all tfie places where such goods shall be made or wrought, and be the better enabled to touutt the duties hereby granted thereuponi and if any foch person or persons who foall make, print, paint, or ftain any paper, or make say paftboard, mildboard, or fealebanwl, for which a doty ought to be paid by this aft, shall uegle# to give nr leave fitch notice, as aforesaid, he, foe, or they, (hall, for every foefe of-fence, forfeit the fum of thirty pounds.

And of their XLIV. And the better to prevent any frauds or eonceal-place, of dry- stents, whereby her Majefty, her heirs or fufleeffars, may ha ,nS> ^c- injured or deprived of his, her, or their dots; bo it Author enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person w&KforVtr, .during the continuance of the said duties upon paper, fhlU sfc •any place for drying the fame, or making it fat tor- ufe, other than foch common place or places whereof he, foe, nr they foall farft have given notice in writing at the proper offiec for the fame dudes, to be the place or place} for fits, per, .or their

drying

pain of 20I.





»7X i*3 ArtftO decimo	C.	ig.	£49

drying or fintfhing the fame. Upon pain of forfeiting the film of twenty pounds for every such offence.

• XLV. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority Entry to be aforesaid, That frdfrt and after the four and twentieth day of Junt^ ohe thbufand feven hundred and twelve, during the con-ttnuance of the said duties upon paper, all and every person and * persons who shall make any paper, paftboard, tnuaboard, or fealeboard in Great Britain, or print, paint, Or ftain any paper, as aforesaid, itl Great Britain, (hall, once in every fix weeks, xhake a true entry in wrfiting at the nertt office for the said duties upon paper, of all the paper, paftboards, mildboards^ and fcale^ boards by him, her, or them feverally made fit for ufe, within filch fix Weeks refpefiively; which entries shall contain the juft Penalty 50L kinds arid quantities thereof, on pain to forfeit, on every neg-ledt of such entry, the film of fifty pounds; which entries shall be made Upon oath, of upon an affirmation, as aforesaid, to be ffefpedtively taken and adminiftred as this adt preferibes, in cafes Where the value of any unrated paper is to be afeertained, as aforesaid, without any fee or charge whatfoever to be demanded or taken for the fame.

XLVI. Provided always,That no person who shall make, print. Entries, Sec, paint, or ftain any paper, paftboard, mildboard, or fealeboard,to he at the shall be obliged to go or fend farther than the market town, where his or hCr paper is made, printed, painted, or ftained, or fcch boards are made, or the next market town to the place of making, printing, painting, or ftaining the fame refpe&ively,

. for the making of such oaths, affirmations, or entries, as afore-& id.

XLVII. And be it further enadted, That all and every per-Duty to be fon and persons who shall make any paper, paftboard, mild-board, or fealeboard in Great Britain, or print, paint, or ftain entry, on pai* Why paper in Great Britain, (hall, from time to time, within fix of double the < weeks after he, she, or they shall make or ought to have made duty, fiich entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said duties for all fach paper, paftboard, or fealeboard, as shall by or for them fefpedtively be made, and for all such paper as shall by them re-(pc&ively be printed, painted, or ftained, fo as to be fit for ufe or fale, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence double the Aim of the said duty whereof the payment shall be fo refufed or negledtcd ; and that no such perfon, after such default in payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out any paper, paftboard, mildboard, or fealeboard, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of the |>aper, paftboard, mildboard, and fealeboard, fo delivered or carried out,

XLVffl. And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Officers may * laid. That all and every the officers of the said duties on paper, cn.Wf by , (hall, at all times^ by day or by night, and tf in the night, then in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of tne peace, ^4^ 3cc. be permitted, upon his or their requeft, to enter into the houfe, ftifly yard; drying-houfe, ware-houfc, or other platfe belonging

to





to take account of the kinds of paper, &c. made} and report to the commiflion-ert, leaving a copy thereof with the mak-er, on pain oi 40 s; '

Officers to be fworn.

Officers to

take an accountjof rags, cordage, &c. in makers cuff ody, See.

No paper makers, &c. t6 remove goods before an accoant been uk-

Anno decimo Annm. c. ty.	{.171 r.

to or ufed by any person or, perfons, who, within or during the term of years laft-mentioned, shall make any paper, paftboard, mildboard, or fcaleboard in Great Britain, or shall print, paint, or (lain any paper for hangings, or other ufes, as aforesaid, and to take a juft account of the kinds and quantities of the paper, paftboards, mildboards, and fealeboards, which fh'all have been made, printed, painted, or ftained by such person or persons, from time to time; and shall thereof make a rdport or return in Writing, to the refpedlive cdthmiHIon6rs for the said duties on paper, or such as they refpedtively shall appoint to receive the fame, leaving a true copy, if demanded, of such report in Writing under his hand, with or for the said makers of paper, pad-boards, mildboards, and fealeboards, of the peffans that fhall print, paint, or ftain such paper refpedlively; and such report or return of the officer or officers laft-mentioned, shall be a charge upon such maker or makefs of paper, paftboards, mild-boards, and fealeboards, and upon the persons who shall print, paint, of ftain paper, as aforesaid, refpedively ; and if the (aid officer shall refufe or negleft to give or leave a true copy of his report in writing, at the time of taking such account, being demanded, as aforesaid, every such officer for every such offence, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings for every such maker or person refpeeftively.

XLIX. Provided always. That every officer, who shall be impowered to make such charge as is laft-mentiorted, (halJ, in the firft place, be fworn for the due and faithful execution of his office, and the oath in that behalf shall and may be admi-riiftred by all of any the commiffioners of the said duties on paper, or by any of her Majefty’s justices of the peace, who (half give to such officers a certificate thereof.

L. And for the better preventing of frauds, it is hereby enabled, That all and every the officers of the said duties on paper, fhall also be permitted to take an account of the quantities' of rags, cordage, and other materials for making the said paper, paftboards, mildboards, and fealeboards, chargeable by this a<ft, which shall be in the cuftody or pofllffion of any maker, and of all paper in the poffeflion of any person using the art of printing, painting, or ftaining paper, and of their refpedKve proceedings in making, printing, painting, or ftaining the fame; and if any such maker or other person shall obftruft or hinder any the said officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given to him or them by this a<5l, for afeertaining and fe-Curing the said duties relating to paper, paftboards, mildboards, and fealeboards, or the printing, painting, or ftaining thereof, the offenders therein for every such offence shall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

LI. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons who shall be a maker or makers of paper, paftboard, mildboard, and fcaleboard, or shall print, paint, or ftain any paper chargeable by this adt, shall (under pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds for every such offence)



1711.}	Anno decimp Ann.®. c. i9.	35«

fence) remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, en thereof

carried, or fent away any paper, by him, her, or them made,^eo®cc^&^

printed, painted, or ftained, or any paftboard, mildboard, or^P*1110 xo •

fcaleboard, by him, her, or them made, of which no account

(hall have been firft taken by the proper officer, from the ware-

houfe, workhoufe, or other place where such goods shall have

t^en firft put, after their being dried and fit for ufe, without

giving to the proper officer two days notice at the leaft, of his,

her, or their intentions to remove, carry, or fend away the

lame, that fo the said officer (without his own wilful negleft of

default) may have time to take an account thereof.

Lll. And it is hereby further enacted. That all and every papcrmaker*, per (bn and persons who shall be makers of paper, paftboard, &c. to keep mildboard, or fcaleboard, or printers, painters, or (tainers ofthc*rg°°di any such paper, as aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, keep all the paper by them refpeftively made, printed, painted, or (tain- 0f ^ ed, and all the paftboard, mildboard, and fcaleboard by him or them refpeftively made, and which shall not have been furvey-	,

ed and taken an account of by the said officers for the said duties thereupon, feparate and apart from all other their paper and	t

other commodities aforesaid, which shall have been furveyed and taken an account of by the said officers, for the fpace of eight and forty hours, after the making, printing, painting, or ftaining thereof, unlefs such paper, and other the goods laft-jnentioned, (halt have been fooner furveyed and taken an account of by the said officers refpeftively, on pain to forfeit for every such offence therein, the fum of five pounds.

LIU.	And be it further enafted, That if any of the said Concealing

makers, printers, painters, or ftainers, shall fraudulently hide	i

or conceal, or caufe to be hid or concealed any paper, paftboard,to C1 s 19 mildboard, and fcaleboard made, or any paper printed, painted,

or ftained, chargeable by this aft, or any the materials for making the fame, to the intent to deceive her Majefty of the juft duties by this aft granted thereupon, that then, and in every such cafe, the party fo offending shall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every luch offence.

LIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. Paper, paft-That all paper, paftboards, mildboards, and fealeboards, and ^oar^*»

all materials and utenfils for making them, or any of them,

printing, painting, or ftaining such paper, as aforesaid, which houfe unen-

(hall be found in any private ware-houfe, work-houfe, drying- tred, forfeited,

room, or other place for making, or keeping, or for printing,or thc valuc*

painting, or ftaining the fame, for which no entry shall be made,

or notice given, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and loft, and tfi?

fame or the value thereof shall and may be feized and recovered

by the said officer or officers for the (aid duties upon paper, to

Jier Majefty’s ufe.

LV. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- All papers, ' faid. That all the paper, paftboard, mildboard, and fcaleboard. See. charge-and all the materials and utenfils for the making thereof, and for xbl?	the

printings painting, or ftaining such paper, as aforesaid, in the	■ar*'

|5*	Anno	dfcrfnao	Atm A.c.19. £1711!

custody of any maker or makers, or of any such printed*, pointer, dr ftainet of paper, as aforesaid, or of any person or penbns, to the tife of, o; in truft for them, or any of them, shall be liable and fubjeft to, and are hereby made chargeable with aU the debts and duties for paper, paftboard, mildboard, and leak-, board, made, or for such paper printed, painted, of ftained, a* aforesaid, in arrear and owing by such person or perftfos any such goods, fo made, printed, painted, or ftained, by him, ter. Or them, or in his, her, or their ware-houfes, workihg-hoafes. Or places aforesaid, and shall be also fubjeft to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or perions fo using ftich work* houfe or other place, for any offence against this aft, relating to the said duties upon such paper, paftboard, mlldboard, and foaled board; and it shall and may be lawful, in all such cafes, to levy debts and penalties, and ufe such proceedings as may lawfully be done by this aft, in relation to paper, in cafe the debtor or offender were the true lawful owner of the fame.

Stock in hand, LVI. And be it further eriafted by the authority aforesaid, on 24 June, That for all paper (whether the fame be of foreign or Britifl to pay. aianufa&ure) and for all paftboards, mildboards, and fcale-boards which any merchants, ftationers, wholefale fellers, retailers, printers, paper-makers, or other dealers in paper in Great Britain, or any person or persons in trufl for him, her, them, or for his, her, or their ufe, shall be poflefled of, and interefted in, upon the four and twentieth day of Jane, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve, being for fale, and for all paper printed, painted, or ftained, as aforesaid, which shall be in the hands of any person or persons for fale, on the said four and twentieth day or June, one thou-fencj feven hundred and twelve, there (hail be yielded and paid to her Majcfty the like rates as are by this aft to be paid for the Tike forts of paper, paftboard, mildboard, and fealeboard refpec-tively to be made or imported, orpaper to be printed, painted, or ftained, is aforesaid, after the laid four and twentieth day of The fame en- June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve ; and that like tnes, allow- entries (haJ1 be made, and. the duties paid down, or fecured to be paid within three months, and the like allowance shall be for dock on made for prompt payment, and all matters and things shall be (ope.	done	and	permitted	tq be done for afeertaining and fecuring the

faid duties For such (locks of paper, and other commodities laft-mentioned, and the like penalties and forfeitures shall be in-flifted for any fraud, concealment, refufal, negleft, or other offence relating thereunto, as are by this aft provided, in relation to the (locks of fope which any dealers therein shall have apod the said tenth day of June, one thousand feven hundred ap4 twelve, or in relation to the duties thereof.

Paper,&c.that . LVIL Provided always* and be.it further enafted by the au-hath *** thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any on P^kn or perfons, who (ball have aaaally paid her Majefty*s rarity. At* duties by this aft payable for any quantity of paper, paftboard* mildboard, and fealeboard whatfoever, made in ureatBrkaht, or

im-

Ann6 decifao Annje. c. 19. •	3$$

imported Into the fame, or for any such printed, painted, of Rained paper, as aforesaid, and to and for any other person or' persons who fliajl buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such quantity of paper, or any other the goods laft-meritioned, from the Tald person 9r persons who dually paid her Majefty’s duties for the lame, to export such paper, paftboard, mildboard, Or fcale-board, or printed, painted, or ftained paper, for any foreign parts, by way of merchandize, giving fufficient fecurity before* the (hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of such Commodities which shall be intended to be exported, as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be (hipped and ex-

fiorted ; and that the fame, or any part thereof, shall not be re-anded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain: which fecurity the cuftomer or collector of the refpedVive port of such exportation, is hereby directed and authorized to take, in her Majefty’s name, and to her ufe.

LVm. Provided always. That if after the (hipping any fuel) Paper, Src. paper, or other the commodities laft-mentioned, to be export- relanded, fbiv ed, as aforesaid, and the giving or tendring such fecurity, as a- k\tccl» *** forefaid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein v after-mentioned, the paper or other commodities fo (hipped to be exported, ot any part thereof, shall be relanded in any part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such cafe (over and above the' penalties of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to her Majeftv's ufe) all the paper and commodities Which shall be fo .landed, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

* LIX. And it is also hereby enabled. That any person or persons, who shall export any paper, or any paftboard, mildboard, or fcaleboard, or any such printed, painted, or ftained paper, as aforesaid, to any foreign parts, shall or may make proof upon oath, or by such affirmation riefpedtively, as aforesaid, that the duties thereof have been paid or fecurea, according to this a<ft

Swhich oath or affirmation the colle&or who received the said On oath that uties is hereby required and impowered to adminifter) and	.has

thereupon the (aid cuftomer 6r collector of the said port of ex-portation, shall give to the exporter thereof a debenture, ex- on debenture preffing the true quantities and kinds of such commodities fo ex- the cu-ported, and the exportation thereof being certified by thefearcher	*5"

tipon the said debenture, the collector appointed to receive the JjJLy Q said duties upon paper in such county or place where the fame duties, were exported (upon producing the (aid debenture fo certified to him) shall forthwith pay the duties which shall have been received upon this a (ft, for the paper, paftboard, mildboard and fcaleboard fo exported, to the persons or agents fo exporting the fame ; and if such colleftor shall not have money in his hands to pay any such debenture, then the (aid refpe<ftive commiflion-trs for the said duties of paper, are hereby required to pay, or caufe to be paid, the said debenture out or any duties upon pater arifing by this a<ft; or if the duty of such commodities a-forefaid fo exported, were only fecured, and shall remain unpaid1,

Vol. XII*	A	a	then

354	Aimo deciino Ann-®* c. 19.

then the fame shall be difcharged, upon the fecujr’rty for the fame; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary not-withihinding.	.

All the pow- LX. And be it further enafteft by the authority aforesaid, ersin ix Car.i. That all and every the powers, direftions, rules, penalties, for-c.»4. and other feitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by ao aft STnVorce for Fa^e lTX twe^h year of the reign of King Charles the Second, jnanagfogCW intituled, An att for taking away the court of wards and liveries. thefe duuei. and tenures in Capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, am for fettling a revenue upon his Majefty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating to her Majefty’s revenue of excite upon beer, ?le, and other liquors, are provided and eftablifh-pd for managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, of recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining the duties hereby grantT ed, or any of them, (other than in such cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and preferibedbv this aft) shall be praftifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and tor the managing, raifing, levying, collefting, mitigating, recovering* and paying the said duties upon paper, and other the commodities fair mentioned hereby granted, during the continuance of thi$ aft, as fully and effectually, as if all and every the said powers, rples, direftions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated in this present aft.

All fine»,&c Laa. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, to be feed for That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the fei^ m by the laws duties by this aft impofed upon paper, and upon printed^ ofexcife. painted, and ftained paper, and upon paftboard, mildboard, and fealeboard, (ball be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, ■ by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalty qj forfeiture js or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excite, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at IVcfminfer, or in the court of feflion, court of jufticiary, or court of Exchequer of Scotland refpeftively, as aforesaidj and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture (the said penalty on the officer for not giving or leaving a copy of his charge, as afareCaid, only excepted) fhall he to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, ana the other moiety to him or them that shall difcover, inforn^, qt file for the fame.

Commiifion- LXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That such e?« for thefe persons as, in purfuance of this aft, shall be commiflipners fox duties to have the said duties on the feveral forts of paper, and other the com-thefame jurif- modifies laft mentioned, to be made, printed, painted, or ftained commiffionert m Extend, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hal\ of excife.	have the fttme jurifdiftion, power, and authority, and may ad-

judge, determine, mit gate, and order, in all cafes and matter* relating to the fame duties arifing within the limits aforesaid, as the commiflioncrs of excite upon beer, and other liquors, may or can lawfully exercife, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order in the like cates or matters, in relation to the said duties, of excite, by any law or statute now in force.

;	'	LXIIL	Pro-

i y i t	Anno dccimo Annje .	i 9.	4 $fg

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Books printed aforesaid, That for the encouragement of learning, fo mucn ** °f money as (hall, from time to time, be paid for the duties grant- ja^# cd by this aft, for any auantities of paper, which, during the oriental or* continuance of the said duties, shall be ufed in the printing any northern lan-books in the Id tin, greel, oriental, or Northern languages, with- {ju*|cs*^ in the two Univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of b^ckof the** them, by permiffion of the vice chancellors of the fame refpec- duty on tively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in manner fol- papery lowing; that is to fay, The chief manager of the prefs in each of the said univerfities, shall and may, from time to time, make proof by oath in writing before the vice chancellor (who is hereby irnpoWered to adminifter the fame) expreffing therein the leinds and quantities of the paper fo ufed, and how much the duties thereof, payable by tnis a<ft, doth amount to; which said oath in writing being certified by the said vice chancellor and produced to the lord freafurer, or commiffioners of the trea-fury for the time being, the said lord treafurer, or commiflion-ers of the treafury for the time being, shall forthwith, from time td time, iflue his or their orders or warrants to the refpedlivc commiffioners, who by this aeft are to manage the duties upon paper, to caufe payment to be made of fo much money, as the duties payable by this a<5t for the paper fo ufed in the printing of the said books in the said univerfities, as aforesaid, shall a-mount to; the fame payment to be made (without fee or charge whatfoever, and without delay) to such person or persons as the said refpe&ive vice chancellors fhall authorize and appoint to receive the fame, out of any of the duties upon paper arifing by this a<ft; any thing in this act contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

LX1V. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority And in the aforesaid, That for the encouragement of learning, to much as (hall, univerfities of from time to time, be paid for the duties granted by this adt, for any quantities of paper, which, during the continuance of the said duties, shall be ufed in the printing any books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern languages, within the univerfities of Scotland, or any of them, by permiffion of the principal of the fame refpedhvely, shall ana may be drawn back and repaid in manner following; that is to fay, the chief manager of the prefs in the said univerfities shall and may, from time to time, make proof by oath in writing before the principal (who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame) expre(T-mg therein the kinds and quantities of the paper fo ufed, and how much the duty thereof payable by this adf doth amount to j which oath in writing being certified by the said principal, and produced, the lord treafurer of Great Britain, or the lords com-miflioners of the treafury for the time being, shall forthwith, from jtime to time, iflue his or their orders or warrants to the refpedhve commiffioners, who by this adfc are to manage the duties upon paper, to caufe payment to be made of fo much monies as the duties fo ufed in the printing of the said books in the A a ?	(aid

 C :>Qle

35f

Faftboard made of pa

AnncKlecimo Aniub. c. 19.	-[1711.

bad univerfities of Scotland (fall amount to; the feme payments to be made without any fee or charge whatfoever, and with/out delay, to such person or persons as the said refpedtive principals ihall authorize and appoint to receive the feme, out of any of the duties upon paper arifing by this a& in Scotland; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXV. Provided always,' and it is hereby declared, Tha* part-board made in Great Britain,, of paper which shall have paid tbc ^aid1 the drtv <*uties c^ar?e^ and chargeable by this ad, shall not be charged not charge, with any further or other duties by virtue of this ad, upon the able.	parting or annexing together the (beets of such paper, and its

* receiving thereby the denomination of paftboard or parted paper. Printed linens * LXVI.. And be it also enaded by the authority aforefeid, imported to That there shall be raifed, levied, colleded .and paid, tp and for pay 151. per the ufe. of her Majefty, her heirs and fucccflfors, for and upon remfromao c^ecluere^ anc^ ftripec* linens, and upon all linens printed, July,i7ti.a?or painted, ftained or dyed, after the manufadure, or in the thread 3a years. :or yam before the manufadure, in any foreign parts^ which at Explained by any time or times, within or during the term of thirty two years, j» Amia, p. a. t0	rcckoned from the twentieth day of Juiy, one thpufend fe-

CJAadtperpetualvcn hundred and twelve, shall be imported or brought into the by 3 Geofi. kingdom of Great Britain, and may lawfully be uled or worn there (over and above all other cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties impofed upon or payable for the fame) a duty after the rate of . fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real . value thereof, to be paid by the importers refpedively.

LXVII. And it is hereby enaded. That the feid duty upon such imported linens chargeable by this ad, (hall, from time to time,* be managed, afeertfained, paid, fecured, railed, levied, and brought into the Exchequer, in the fame manner and form, and by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the abovefaid duties upon imported paper are by this ad to be managed, afeertained, paid, fecured, raifed, levied, and brought in, as aforefeid; and that all the provisions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in this ad, for managing, afeeaaining, paying, tc-curing, raifing, levying, and bringing in the feid duties upcyi paper imported, or any oi them, shall be applied, pradifed, and put in execution, for managing, afeertaining, paying, raifing, fecuring, levying, and bringing in the said duties upon the Importation of such linen, as afotelaid, as fully and effedually as if the feme were again repeated in this present ad.

LXVIII. And moreover it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefeid. That from and after the said duties hereby granted upon the said chequered, ftriped, printed, painted, ftainoj, ai^d dyed linens imported, as aforefeid, from time to time, shall be paid to her Majefty'\s ufe, the relpedive commi(Tinners, officer and officeis of the cuftoms of the port or place where the feme shall be imported, shall caufe every piece and parcel thereof to be marked or damped with a diftind feal or mark, to be provide

C. 7. f.I.

Thefe duties how to be managed.

After duty

f>aid, printed inens imported, to be damped.



35?

i 711.] Anno decimo AmtM. C. 19.

cd and tifed as this ad dire&s, to denote the payment of thodifc* ties for the fame.

LXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Duty on (ilk* That there shall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, to and callicoes, li-for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and up*	nrinted

on ail filjcsy callicoes, linens, and fluffs, of what kind foever, in	Br^

which, at any time or times within or during the term of thir- tain from July ty two years, to be reckoned from the twentieth day of Jufo iot%% one thousand feven hundred and twelve, shall be printed, (lain* ed, painted, or dyed m Great Britain, (fuch callicoes, linens,^jGeofi/* and fuftians, as mall be dyed throughout of one colour only^ c. 7. f. 1. and fluffs made of woollen, or whereof the greateft part in value shall be woollen, always excepted) the feveral and refpe&ivc rates and duties herein after expreffed (over ai^i above the duties payable upon the importation of them or any of them) that is to fay.

For and upon all filks fo printed, ftained, or painted in Gnat Silks,

Britain (filk handkerchiefs excepted) the fum of fix pence for every yard in length, reckoning half a yard for the breadth.

' And for all filk handkerchiefs fo printed, flained, or painted Silk handker* in Great Britain, the fum of three pence for every yard fquare, chiefs, and in thofe proportions for wider or narrower filks.

For and Upon all cajlicoes to be fo printed, ftained, paint- Callieoea, ed, or dyed in Great Britain, (except as aforesaid) the fum of three pence for every yard in length, reckoning one yard wide, and after that proportion.

And for and upon all linen and fluffs (except before except- Uncn and ed) to be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed, as aforesaid, mftuffs.

Great Britain, within or during the term laft mentioned, the fum of three half-pence for every yard in length* reckoning yardwide, and after that rate for a greater or leuer quantity.

LXX. And for the better afeertaining, charging, and fecor- Her Majefty ing the said duties by this adl fet and impofed upon all filks, cal- or ford trea-licoes, linen and (luffs, (except before excepted) which shall bearer to ap-printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Bri-tdin, within or during the term laft mentioned, and for prevent- oncri* ing of frauds concerning the fame; be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That such commiffioners or persons as her Majefty, her heirs or fuccefibrs, or the high treafurer of Great Britain now being, or the high treafurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall, from time to time, by one or more commission or commiffion* for that purpofe appoint, shall be her Majeft/s commiffioners for the receipt and management of the said duties fet and impofed upon all such filks, callicoes, linens and duffs, printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, as are chargeable by this a6t $ which said commiffioners, or the major part of them refpedlively^ shall and have hereby power. Who are to by commission under their refpedtive hands and feals, to fubfti-fubftitutein-/	A	a	3	tute	ferior	oficen.*



'

f$f	J|flp<>^ehtme	Am*.	$.4$\	t	M.

-Wfoaed appoint under them such receivers general, colfefforv comptrollers, furveyors, and other officers, as fhali be requir fite and neceffitry for the purpofes aforesaid j and that the (aid «jmmiffioner9 fa to be appointed* and all the officers for the duties laft-meotioaed, shall have put of the fame, fuel) falaiiea art4 rewards for their refpedive fervices in ration to the fame duv ties, as the fad high treasurer now being, or the hightreafuveiv or any three or more pf the comtniffioners of the treafory for the time being, shall think reafonable to eftablifh or allow in that behalf) and that the fajd rrfpedsve cpwraiffioners feu: the laid . . duties laft mentioned, for the time being, fhail, from time to time* caufe all the monies to arife by nr for the fame duties* during the continuance thereof (the neceffitry charges of managing, collecting, raffing, paying, and, accounting for theft dunes excepted) to be aKo paid, from time to time, a* the fame shall arife, into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer in £qfr land ,under the penalties and forfeitures, and disabilities herein .» after mptaffed.

Calficoprint- . JLJfXJ. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid* ers before »o That aU and every perlon and persons whgtfosYer, who, on or ^▼e^notice to be^orc l^c twentieth day of July, in th» year, fif our yd one me proper	tfaoufand feren hundred and twelve, fhail print, ftain, paints of

officer of their	dye any of the said goods, fo that a duty shall be payable by thi*

names and	aft upon the printing, flaming, painting, or.dying the lame, as

ab^e &c.	»fcw»id* (hall, oo or before the fajd twentieth day 6f July* pne

’	"	thoiifand feven hundred and twelve, give or leave notice in wntf-t

mg, at the next office for the fame duties, of their refpe&ivs j	rutnres and places of abode, and of the place or places where

every such perfect or persons do ufually prints paint,- ftain, 41 dye, is aforesaid, any such filks, linens, caHkoes, or fluffs, -of . dry the fame; and that all and every fitch painter, painter, flamer, or dyer, vs often ashe, she, or they fhail change their place* of printing, painting, ftaining, or dying any the said goods, or for dicing the fame; and all and every perfbn and perfoos who ihall, at any time or times during the cvmtiouance of this be a printer, painter, ftainer, or dyer of any such filks, calicoes, linens, or fluffs, or fhail print, paint, (lain, or dye any such goods, as aforesaid, shall give or leave the like notice of these icfpective names, and their places of abode, and the rooms and places where they fhail refpe&ively work, or intend to work ia fitch printing, painting, ftaining, or dying, and the places where they relpe&ively fhail dry or intend to dry any such goods,, M aforesaid, before they reTpe&ively do prefume to work in aoy.foch on forfeiture ®cw or other place or places, upon pain to forfeit the fom of of 3o 1. thirty pounds for every negled or default, by not givin& fudh notice, as aforesaid.	.	>

Such printers • -LXXlI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority to make en- aforesaid. That from and after the laid twentieth day qf rtries^cc. once one thousand (even hundred and twelve, during the continuance ' forfeiture of*™	a<^»	and	every person and perfon* who fhail printl

501.	paint* Haiti, or djiq in Cr4at Sritm» as aforesaid* any Jakp*

csulicoes.

!

i

i

t V

i

i

i

f

>

4

I

I

!

I

I

!

I

I

I

\

I

I

i

t7ti.J Amiodecimo AittiM. c. ly.	'

callicoes, linens, and (luffs, upon the printing, painting, ftain-ing, or dying whereof a duty is chargeable by this a<S, fhall Cnee in every fix weeks make a true entry in writing at the next office for the fame duties, of all such filks, callicoes, linens, and fluffs fo by him, her, or them, feverally printed, painted, ftain-ed, or dyed within every such fix weeks refpedtively ; which entries (ball contain the juft kinds and quantities thereof: and if such printer, painter, ftaiher, or dyer, be not the true owner of such goods or any of them, fo printed, painted, ftained, ot dyed, then, and in every such cafe, he, she, or they, in every such entry, fhall fpecify the names and places of abode of the persons who are the owners thereof, or for whofe account they refpeclively do print, paint, ftain, or dye the fame, on pain to forfeit for every negle<5l of such entry, the fum of fifty pounds ; which entry fhall be made upon the oath of the printer, painter, flainer, or dyer, or of his, her, or their chief workman imploy-6d, to the beft of their knowledge or belief, unlefs he, fhe, or t hey be a known quaker, and the folemn affirmation of a known quaker, to the fame effect, fhall be taken inftead of such oath ; and the said oaths and affirmations to verify such entries, fhall and may be adminiftred by the proper collector or fupervifor of the diftrifl or divifion within which such printer, painter, ftain-er, or dyer, doth inhabit, without any fee or charge whatfoever to be demanded or taken for the fame.

LXXin. Provided always, That no person for the making such entries, oaths, or affirmations as are laft mentioned, shall be obliged to go or fend further than the market town where ket town* his or her filks, callicoes, linen, or fluffs are printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, or the next market town to the place of printing, painting, ftaining, or dying the fame.

LXXIV. And be it further enaefted by the authority afore- ??nt5ri faid. That all and every person and persons who fhall prtnt, ^ks to* paint, ftain, or dye, as aforesaid, any filks, callicoes, linens, clear off the or such fluffs, as aforesaid in Great Britain, fhall, from time to dude*, on time, within fix weeks after he, lhe, or they fhall make, or ought forfeiture of to have made such entry, as aforesaid, clear off all the said du- double duty* ties which fhall be then due or remain unpaid, for all such filks, callicoes, Jincns, and fluffs, as fhall have been printed, painted, ftained, or dyed by him, her, or them refpeeftively, as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every default therein double the fum of the fame duties whereof the payment fhall be fo negledled j and that no such perfon, after such default in payment made, fhall deliver or carry out, or caufe to be delivered or carried out, any such printed, painted, ftained, or dyed goods, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, on pain to forfeit double the value of the goods, fo delivered or carried out.

LXXV\ And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Officers That all and every the officers of the said duties on the said print- eJ^trershoufef ed, painted, ftained, or dyed goods, fhall at all times, by day all times, or by night, and if in the night, then in the prefence of a con- to take acy liable, or other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon count of filks,

A a 4







Anno dedmo Anna. c. 19.	[17	*x.

i

and make a repot t to the comnuHio iters, leaving a copy with the printer, on pain of 40 s.

Officers to be fvforn.

Officers to take an account ot the Quantities of iilks, &c. in the priutert hands.

bis or their rcqueft, to enter into the boufe,work-hoitfe,dryiiag-

place, ware-houfe, field, or other place belonging,to, or ufcd Dy apy person or persons who, within or during the tferm of years laft-mentioned, shall print, paint, (lain, or .dye any filks, callicoes, linens, or (luffs (except before excepted) and Xp take Ja juft account of the kinds and quantities thereof, phkh fhaU have been printed, painted, gained, or dyed, by such perfon. of perfons, from time to time, and shall thereof make a report or return in writing to the refpedive cpmmiffioners.for the duties lad-mentioned, or such as they refpedtivcly shall appoint to receive the fame, paving a true copy (if demanded): of such report in writing, under his hand, with or for the fail printer, painter, ftainer, or dyer refpediveiy; and such report or return shall be a charge upon every fucb printer, painter, ftainer, or 'dyer refpeclively ; and if the said officer shall refufe'jor negledt to give or leave a true copy of his report at the timeof taking Tuch account, being demanded, as afore&id, ’'every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the fum of forty (UUings to every such printer, painter, ftainer, or dyer refpedtvely.

LXXVI. Provided always, That every officer, who shall be* empowered to make such charge as is 1 aft-mentioned, shall in the firfl place be/worn for the due and faithfiiLexecutioii.of his oF-fice; and the oath in that behalf shall and may he adminiftred by all or any the commiffioners for the duties lad-mentioned* or by any of her M^jcfty’s justices of the peace, who fhall give to such offi er a certificate thereof.

LXXVII. And for the better prevention of frauds, be it further enabled, That all and every the officers of the said duties on such printed, painted, ftained, or dyed goods, as aforesaid, shall also be permitted to take an account of the quantities of filks, callicoes, linens, and (luffs, which (hall, at any time or times, be in the cuftody or pofleffion of any printer, painter, ftainer, or dyer, to be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed; and in cafe such officer or officers shall mifs any quantity or quantities of such filk, callicoes, linen, or (luffs, whereof he had taken an account at his laft furvey, and shall not upon reafonable demand receive fatisfadion what is become of the fame, then, and

in every such cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for such officer to charge such printer, painter, ftainer, or dyer, with the duties of such filks, callicoes, linens, or (luffs fo miffing, ai if t(ie fame were printed,' painted, ftained, or dyed.

Obftruai^ LXXVm. And be it enabled. That if any person or persons, officer forfeit shall print, paint, (lain, or dye any the goods arbrefkid, shall obftrud or hinder any the said officers in the execution of the powers given by this ad, for afeertaining and fecuringthe duties thereupon, the offenders therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

Printers not to LXXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority afore*. sre5i	That	no	perfon	or persons who shall print, paint, (lain,

officer ha$ or dye, any filks, callicQes, linens, or (luffs, chaigeable with the taken account bid duti$$ by $11$ (tali repave, carry* or fend ayray, or

fufftr



1711*]	Ando	cfedmo Anna. c. 19,	361

fuffer \q he removed, carried, or fent away, any the filks, calli- thereof, or be-

coes, linens, or fluffs, by him, her, or them printed, painted,

ftained, or dyed refpedlivdy, until such time as the proper of-

freer shall have taken an account of every particular quantity of

fuch goods fo to be carried away, and until every particular

piece and parcel, or remnant of such goods, be duly marked

‘with a* damp or Teal, denoting the charging of the duty, as this

adt diredls, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds

for every such offence; and that all the printed, painted, ftained, Shj; Geo. t.

or dyed filks, callicoes, linens, and fluffs, fo carried away, with- «• »*• fi

out being marked with a damp or feal, denoting the charging

.of the said duties, and being found in the pofleffion of any draper,

or other trader or dealer therein, or any person for the ufe of

fuch draper, trader, or dealer, for fale, shall and may be feized,

or the value thereof shall and may be recovered, to'wit, one

/noiety thereof for the ufe of her Majefty, and the other moiety

to the ufe of the feizor, or informer.

LXXX. And it is hereby ordained and enabled by the autha- Receipts grm-rity aforesaid. That upon payment of the said duties for any quantity of the said printed, painted, ftained, or dyed goods, the receiver or collector shall give a receipt for the fame gratis.

LXXXI. And it is hereby further enabled. That all and every Silk not fur-the said printers, painters, ftainers, and dyers of the said filks, veyed, to bo -callicoes, linens, and*fuch fluffs, as aforesaid, (hall, from time to time, keep fo much of the fame goods as shall not have been 011	5

furveyed and taken an account of by the proper officers, fepa-rate and apart from all others of the fame kinds, which shall have been furveyed and taken an account of by such officers, on fain to forfeit, for every offence therein, the fum of five pounds.

' LXXXII. And be it further enadled, That if any of the said such filkscoa-printers, painters, ftainers, or dyers, shall fraudulently hide or cealed forfeit conceal, or caufe to be hid or concealed, any filk, callico, linen, *®1« or fluffs, before or after the fame are printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, with intent to deceive her Majefty of her juft duties by this adt granted, then, and in every such cafe, the party fo offending shall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every such offence; and all the filks, callicoes, linens, and fluffs, which shall be found in any private work-houfe, or other place, whereof no notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or the value thereof, shall and may be feized and recovered, to wit, one moiety thereof to the ufe of her Majefty, and the other moiety to the ufe of the feizor, or informer, as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it enadled, Jlxzt all the utenfils and in- utcnfik gcc ftruments for the printing, painting, ftaining, or dying of any for printing* such goods, as aforesaid, in the cuftody of any such printer, paint- filks. Sec. er, ftainer, or dyer, as aforesaid, or of any person or persons, chargeable to the ufe of or in truft for them, or any of them, shall be liable ]Tlth. to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the debts and duties ncf in ..# iri arrear and owing by such printer, painter, ftainer, or dyer, for any such filks, callicoes, linens, or fluffs, printed, painted, framed, or cjyedby him, her, and them, or ih his, her, or their

. work-

Anno derimo ANNA. c. ;

{171U

pay one half part of* che duty.

workhoufes or places aforesaid; and shall be also fubjeeft to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or perfbns fo cling such workhoufe, or other place, for any offence against this aeft, relating to the duties of such printed* painted, ftained, or dyed goods ; and it shall and may be lawful m all such cafes, to levy debts and penalties, and ute such proceedings as may lawfully be done by this a&, in relation to such goods, in cate the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the fame.

. LXXXIV. And whereas[ruralprinters, painters, fiainers, and dyers, and also feveral merchants, drapers, mercers, upholders, and other traders and dealers, have or may have, on tty twentieth day of July, one thoufand/even hundred and twelve, for ftsle either by whole* fall or retail, feveral flocks or quantities of such chequered and ftriped linens, and painted* Jlained, and dyed linens, as aforesaid, which have been imported into Great Britain, andfeveral flocks and quantities of such filis, cailicoss, linens, and fluff's, as aforesaid, which hove been printed, painted, flained, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Gneat Britain ;

Stock in hand be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and on ao July to every such printers, painters, ftainers, dyers, drapers, mercers, upholders, traders, and dealers refpedtively, having on the laid twentieth day of July9 one thousand feven hundred and twelve, in his, her, or their cuftody or poflqfTioiv or in the cuftody or poffeffion of any other person or persons, for his, her, or their ufe, benefit, or account, any flock or quantity of such chequered or ftriped linens, or of such printed, painted, ftained, or dyed filks, callicoes, linens, or such fluffs, as aforesaid, being for tale either by wholelale or by retail, (hail yield and pay to her Maje-fty for the lame, to much money as one half part of the raresf and duties by this a6t impofcd on the like refpe&ive commodities after the commencement of this a<ft, shall amount unto; the said half part for the said flocks, to be paid within three months after the said twentieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred and twelve.

LjXXXV, And to the end the said flocks may be known and difeovered, and the said rates for tlie fame may be afeertained and anfwered ; be it further enabled by the authority aforefiiid. That all aud every the said printers, painters, ftainers, dyers, mercers, drapers, upholders, traders, and dealers refpe&ively, shall deliver or caufe to be delivered, on or before the said twentieth day of July, one thousand (even hundred and twelve, to the proper officer to be appointed in this behalf, a particular in writing ffgned by tiiemfelves or their appointments, of their, feveral flocks before-mentioned, deferibing the whole quantities and kinds thereof diftin&ly, as they are charged in this aft, and llialj verify the said particular by such oath or affirmation respectively, as aforesaid, to the beft of his, her, or their knowledge and belief^ which oath or affirmation shall and may be adxrii-ni ft red by the proper officers who shall be appointed to receive the said partipularj and the proper officers to be appointed for charging the duties on the said printed, painted, ftained, dr dyedf

goods.

A particular of ltock in hand to be given in upon oath, &c.

Officers may enter any /hops, See. to view ltock in hand/



jy ri.j	Anno decimo Aim A. c. t$.	g8g

Jood$y are hereby authorized and iippowered to enter into am bops, warehoufes, or other places whatfoever, where any such -flock of such goods shall be or remain, there to view the fame, land to take an account thereof; and all and every the (aid person or persons chargeable as afarefaid, for their refpe&ive (lock pf such goods, shall be obliged, by force and virtue of this a<5t* if thereunto required,, to permit and fuffer the.proper officer and officers to make such entrance and view as aforesaid; and if any Refufal toper-person or persons lhall refufe to permit or fuffer such officer or mit them for-oflicers to enter into their (hops, warehouses, or other places fciu 5° *• {being thereunto required) to view the laid (locks of chequered and (biped linens, and of such printed, painted, (lamed, or dyed filks, callicoes, linens, and (luffs, as aforesaid, or any of them,

*nd every part thereof, then every such perfon, for every such refufal, (had forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

LXXXVI. And* is hereby enaded. That the collector up* Coile&orto on the receipt of any the said duties for such docks of chequered* give receipts end driped linens, and of such printed, painted, ftained, or grabs, dyed filks, callicoes, linens, and duffs, or any of them, shall give a receipt for the fame gratis; and in cafe the said duties for on dock foch docks shall not be paid on or before the nine and twentieth not paid by flay of September out thousand (even hundred and twelve, or if *9 Sept. yi*. before that time, the fame be not focured to be paid on or be- ^ fore the five and. twentieth day of December*> one thousand feven diftrain* hundred and twelve (which fecurity the proper officers are hereby required to take by bond in her Majedy’s name and to her Vffc) then such officer or officers shall and inav, by virtue of this a&, levy such duties for the said dock that mall not be paid or fecured, by didrefs of the goods and chattels of the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate liable thereunto, and for pon-payment, may fell such didrefs within ten days, teridring the overplus (if any be) to the owner, after fatisfadlion of the duty and charge of the said didrefs.

LXXXVII. Provided always, That if any such P^on or d?fc0Snt fort# persons chargeable for such dock, shall pay or caufe to be paid prompt pay-feis or their duties for the fame, within the said fpace of three ment. months, he, she, or they shall be allowed for such prompt payment after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum for every fiun fo advanced.

• LXXXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Not giving in

That if any person or persons who ought to give such particular a particular of

pf such dock of the chequered, and driped linens, and of such ftockf

printed, painted, flamed, and dyed goods, as aforesaid, or any

of them, shall ncgledl to give a particular of the fame,. in fuen

manner and form, as aforesaid, bn or before the twentieth day

of July, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, or ftiall wit- or omitting

tingly or willingly omit or leave out of the fame-any part of his* anypaitthere*

Her, or their said dock, to the intent to defraud her Majefly, or	'

(hall fraudulently remove, carry away, or conceal his, her, or fofc duty be"

their said flock, or any part thereof* before her Majedy’s duty paid, Set.

thereupon Jhahbe paid or fecured, as aforesaid, thattbqn, and forfeit* 50!.

jn and goods.



6

364	Anna	decimo	Annas.	c.	19.	{*71ii

- in every fach cafe, he, fhe, or they fo offending, foreveiy such offence shall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and in all and every foefa cafe and cafes, the dock or quantity of such goods, for which no* such particular shall liave been given, or which fhall he fraudulently omitted out of the fame, or which shall be fo concealed or carried away before her Majefty’s duty shall be paid or fecured, shall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by . *ay of her Majefty^s officers, to wit, one moiety thereof to the * wfe of the Queen, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the feizor.

After the duty	LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority

» paid, linens Aforefaid, That from and after the duties of the said ftock of to be ftamped, pfaequered and ftriped linens, and of such printed, painted, ftain-ed, or dyed goods, as aforesaid, or any of them, shall be paid or fecured, as aforesaid, the officer or officers for the fame du-, .,	-	ties, shall caufe every piece, parcel, or rfcjnant whereof the

duty shall be fo paid or fecured, to be marked with such diftinft: mark as this aft directs, to be provided and ufed to denote the paying or fecuring such duty, as aforesaid.

Ko fee for	XC. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That no fee

entries, Sec.	or reward shall be had or taken by any of the said officers, from

any of the said printers,' painters, ftainers, dyers, mercers, drapers, or others, for any entries, accounts, receipts, or marks, before in this aft mentioned, or any of them, under the penalty of five pounds to be forfeited to the party grieved for every fuen offence.	,

All the power* XCI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, in 11 Car.». That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, for-oiher exdfe	claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an aft

a£b, to be in made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, force for ma- intituled. An act for taking away the court of words and liveries, naging thefe tenures in capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and duties. jor	n reVenue upon his Majejly, in lieu thereof or by any

Other law now in force relating to her Majefty’s revenue of ex-dfe upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided and eftabfilh-ed, for managing, raifmg, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made or preferibed by this aft) shall r	fab praftHed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the manage

' *	ing, railing, levying, collefting, mitigating, recovering, and

paying the said duties hereby granted upon the said printed, painted, ftained, or dyed filfcs, callicoes, linens, and ftuffs, during the continuance of this aft, as fully and effectually as if all ana every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated in this present aft.

All fines. Sec. 'XCIL And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, to be feed for That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the said ©ft*	duties by this aft impofed upon any filks, callicoes, linens, or

0 *C1 * fluffs,' printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Griat Britain, as a-

forriaidj



3*5

ijii*|	Anno	decimo	Amim. c.i§.

forefaid, /hall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated,- by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of dejt>t, bill, plaint, or information m any of her Majefty's courts of record at Wefim\nftery or in thfe court of feflion, court of judiciary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland, refpe&ively, as afatfefeid; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture (not ot he wife appointed by this'ad,) shall be to her Majefty, her heirs and fucoeflors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them that shall difeover, inform, or fue for the feme.,	*	>

. XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted. That fiich Coimmffioa-perfons as, in purfuance of this ad, shall be commiffioners for m for thefe the said duties on the feid filks, callicoes, linens, and ftufis* duties to have printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in England, 1Valezy and the	ui"

town of Berwick upon Twetdy shall have the feme jurisdiction, England, &c. power and authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, as commiT-and order, in all cafes and matters relating to the fame duties fionersofex-arifing within the limits aforesaid, as the commiffioners of eao-01*5, cife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, may or can lawfully ex-ercife, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order, in the like cafes or matters in relation to the feid duties of excife, by any law or statute now in force.

. XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Tbefc goods authority aforesaid. That it (ha)l and may be lawful to and far having paid any perlon or perfons, who shall have actually paid her Mak* *hedu^»"W fty’s duties by this adfc payable for any of the feid imported hn- 0nCftcurity^ ens, or for any filks, callicoes, linens, or (tuffs, to be printed, tec. 9 painted, ftained, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, and to and for any other person or persons, who shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such imported linens, or any fuch-goods printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Bri-tain, from the person or persons, who actually paid her Maje-fty’s duties payable by this aft for the foipe, to export any such goods for which the duty was fopaid for any foreign parts, by way of merchandize, giving fufficient fecurity before the (hipping thereof, that the particular quantities fo intended to be ex* ported, and every part thereof, mall be (hipped and exported* and not to be relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain; which fecurity the cuftomcr or collector of die port of exportation shall take in her Majefty'* name* and to her ufe.

XCV. provided always. That if after the (hipping iff any If rdaaded, such goods, and the giving or tendring such fecurity, as afoue* forfaited* !faid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein after* mentioned, the feme, or any part thereof, shall be relanded in any part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such cafe (over and above the penalty of the bond* whieh shall be levied and recovered to her Msyefty’s ufe) all the said goods, which shall be fo landed, or the value .thereof, shall be forfeited. v

XCVLAni



&

On oath that the duty has been paid.

arid on debenture trom the cullomer, &c. collector to repay the duties.

Commiflion-ers of the cuf-toms to pro* vide (tamps tor the imported linens.

Commiflian-ers for managing the duties on painted filks, See. also to provide ftaikp*. •’

Ann® ctodmd Amim. t§.	f-#yf

XCVI. And it is also hereby enafted, That afty ^erfcn or ptr+ fens who shall export any facb cheqaCired,ftriped, printed, painted; ftained, or dyed goods, as aforesaid, to or for any foreign parts* jhail and may make proofupon hath, or by (bch affirmation refpec-lively, /as atotefirid, that the duties thereof have been paid or fe-cu red ^according to this act (which oath or affirmation, the cti-Aomer or ootteftor of the port of exportation is hereby required and Unpowered to adminifter) and thereupon the said cuftotner or colie&or of the feid pdrt of exportation fhall give to the exporter thereof a debenture* expreffing the true kinds and quantities of the chequered and ftriped linens, and of the said printed, painted, ftained,' and dyed gckxte fo exported ; and the exportation thereof being certified by the fearcher upon the said debenture, .the collector appointed to deceive the said duties upon such chequered and ftriped linens, printed, painted, ftained, and dyed goods, in the county or place where such exportation was made (upon producing the fhid debenture fo certified to hinfi) fhall forthwith pay the duties which shall have beervreceived upon this aft for the goods fo exported, to the persons or agenti fo exporting the fame; and if such collector shall not have money in his hands to pay any such debenture, then the refpeftiv® oommiffioncts for the mid duties on chequered and ftriped linens, printed, painted, ftained, and dyed goods, are hefeby required tdrpay or caufe to be paid the said debenture out of any the duties upon chequered and ftriped linens, primed, painted, ftaini ed, and dyed goods, arifing by this aft; or if the duty of thfc goods fa exported were only Secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the fame shall be discharged upon thefecurity for the fame; any thing in tb« aft contained notwithstanding.

jCCVIL And be k Anther enafted bvthe authority aforesaid, That the refyeftive commiflioners or the cuftoms in Great Britain., (hall, on or before the twentieth day of July, one thousand ftven hundred and twelve, provide or caufe to be provided inch and fomany feals Or ftamps with which all the said imported linens, during the continuance of this aft, shall be marked,; upon payment of the duties thereof, as aforesaid, and fhall caufe the fame to be delivered to the proper officers of the' ptftoms for that purpofe; and that fherefpeftive Commiflioners to be appointedformanaging the said duties upon filks, calli-cdfes* limtia, and fluffs, to be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in £r«rf Britain, (hall, on or before the twentieth day of

Sly, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, provide proper w or ftamps, of another kind, for marking such of the said filks, callicoes, linens, and fluffs, to be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Great Britain, as aforesaid, during the continuance of this aft, as are to be (lamped and marked, for an4 k» order to the charging of the refpeftive duties for the fame, and also fo many feals or ftamps, of a third kind, with which all the said (locks or quantities of chequered and ftriped linens, an4 of such printed, painted, ftained, or dyed goods, as aforesaid, bn the fold twentieth day of July, one thousand feven hundred

gad





*7*x\l	Anno	dccimo	Annje.	c* 19.	967

and twdvq, upon paying or ftcuring the said half duties for the feme, are to be marked or damped, and shall caufe the said re* foeflive feajs or damps to be diftributed to the refpe&ive officers for the feveral purpofes before mentioned; which officers arc hereby enjoined and required, in ufipg the fame, to do no hurt or damage, or the leaft damage that may be to the goods to be lo marked or (tamped; and the said refpeftive commiffioners, in providing the said refpeflive feals or (tamps, shall take care that they be To contrived, that the impreflion thereof may be durable* and fo as the feme may be leaft liable to be forged or counterfeited > and that the said (tamps* or any of them, shall or Stamps mar may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as her Majefty, J* her heirs or fucceflbrs, shall think fit j and if any person or per- cemnterfeit-fons whatfoever, Hull, at any time or times hereafter, counter- mg (lamps, felt or forge any (tamp or leal to refemble any (tamp or leal felony* which shall be provided or made in purfuance of this aft, or shall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the (ame upon any of the said commodities chargeable by this aft, thereby to de-r fraud her Mgjefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, of any of the laid duties hereby granted, then every such person fo offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be judged a felon, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy; and if any person or persons (hall, at any time or times, Selling with a during the continuance of this aft, fell any printed, painted, counterfeit ftained, or dyed filks, callicoes, linens, or other (luffs, as	Sft»

kforefeid, with a , counterfeit (lamp thereupon, knowing theory. • fame to be counterfeited^ and with an intent to defraud her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, all and eveiy fiich offender and offenders, their aiders, abettors, and aflmants (being duly convicted, asaforefaid) (ball, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, the fum of one hundred pounds, and shall be adjudged to (land in the pillory in fome publick place for the fpace of two hours.

XCVill. And be it further enafled and ordained by the an- Commiflloii-thority aforesaid. That at any time or times, during the conti- era or juft ices nuance of this aft, upon oath made by any credible person or maT iflue war-perfons, that he, fhe, or they have reason to fufpefl or believe, that any printed, painted, ftamed, or dyed filks, callicoes, linens, or fluffs, as aforelaid, for which a duty ought to have been paid ed. or charged by this aft, are or (tyill be in the cuftody or poflefe Con of any draper, or other person or persons trading or dealing therein, or of any person or persons, for the ufe or account of such draper, or other trader or dealer, for fale, without having thereupon such marks or (lamps as are by this aft required, to denote the payment or charging of the said duties thereupon; it shall and may be lawful lo and for the commiflioners, who shall be appointed for the said duties upon filks, callicoes, linens, or (tuffs, printed, painted, ftaiped, or dyed in Great Britain, or the major part of them, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or any two justices of the peace in any other parts of the kingdom of Great Britain, from time to time,

*	fo



i>ogle

368	Anno	decimo	Annje. c, 19.	1711.']

to iffue their refpe&ive warrants or orders, thereby authorising and requiring any officer or officers for the fame duties (with the affiftanceofa conftable, or other officers of the peace) in the day time, to fearch for the fame, and to open doors, chefts, trunks, and package, ahd to feize such goods, and to bring them to the office for the said duties next to the place where they shall be fo feized, in order to a further proceeding thereupon according to this a<S; and that every such warrant and order shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

Callicoes with- XCIX. And for the more eafy collecting the duties, and ini or not ex- preventing difputes that may arife from the difference of the Sshth1of”* breadths of callicoes which are or fhall be printed, painted, or yard broad,to	>	be	it	enaCted	and	declared, That all such callicoes

pmy as yard* which are or shall be printed, painted, or ftained, and which broad. fhall be within one eighth part of a yard of yard broad, or not exceeding one eighth part of a yard of yard broad, shall pay as yard broad, and no more nor lefs; any thing in this aCt to the contrary notwithstanding.

’ C. And moreover be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That there shall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the ufe of hex Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, for the fe-» Aug. 1712. veral and refpeCtive things herein after-mentioned, which, at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the firft day of Jugufl, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve, shall be ingroffed, Male perpetual printed, or written, the feveral and refpeCtive rates, duties, by 3 Geo. 1. charges, and fums of money herein after expreffed, in manner c. 7. f. 1. following j that is to fay.

New ft amp

duties for 33 years from

Copies of court roll in England, &c. copies of admittances to cuflom right, and tenant right ejlates are exempted by 12 Apn. ftat. 1.

Original in-ftrument of fur render of heretable rights in Scotland.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroffed or written, within or during the term laft mentioned, any furrenrder of or admittance to any tbpyhold land or tenement within thofe parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any grant or leafe by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court roll of any honour or manor within the fame parts of Great Britain, or any of them, (other than and except the original fiirrender to the ufe of a will, arid the court roll or book wherein the proceedings of the court are entred or inrolled) the fum of two (hillings and three pence fterling.

' For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroffed or written, within or during the feme term, any principal or original inftrument of furrender, or refignation of any meffuages, houfes, lands, tenements, hereditaments, tithes, mills, fiflrings, and other heretable rights, or any of them, to be made to any of herMajefty’s fnbjeCls, who are or shall be the fuperiors tnereof, or to any city, town, burgh, or corporation, or to ,any magistrates or others who have power to receive such furrenders or refigna-tions in Scotland> the fum of two (hillings and three pence fterling.	'	-

For





I7M-]	4onp dp4n)9 Aw©- £.4*	M9

For eypg flop or pJwc? 9f vplluQi or pa/ph^ept, ,0/ itajt-flf Charter or re-piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrofled or written, within fi^nanoil» or during the fame term, any charter or fefignation, confirmation^ Novo dpmus, of charter upon apprifing^ or adjudication made pr grafted by such fuperior, or others, as aforesaid, in $cjt!an$, the fum of two (hillings and three pence fterling.

For every lj:in or piece of vellum or parchment, pr flveet pr Original rt* piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrofled or written, withip t®ur» or during the lame term, ,apy principal or original retour of any fcrvicepf heir?, or any precept of .Clan Qonjlat of lands or tenements holding of any fubjedt, as aforesaid, in Scotland> the fum of two (hillings and three pence fterling,

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, dr (heet or original fai-piece of paper, upon which Jftiajl be ingrofled or written, within fine, or during the fame term, any principal or original faifine, taken or following upon any mortgage, wadJfet, heretable bond, alienation or difpofition, or upon any charter, precept of Clan Conjlat, retours, apprifings, pr adjudications of lands or tenements hpldipg of any fubfedt, as aforesaid, in Scotland* the fum of two fhillings three pence fterling.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet Qr original 3n-• piece of paper, upon which fhall be ingrofled or written, within ftrument of or dpring the fame term, any principal or original inftrument jhrrender of of furrender, or refignation, fervice, or cognition of heirs, charter or faifine pf any houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments holding burgage, or of burgage-tenure in Scotland, the fum of two (hillings threepence fterling.

And for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon Tranifen of which shall be written at any time or times, within or during flock, die term laft mentioned, any transfer of (lock in any company, fociety, or corporation yvhatfoever within Great Britain, (over and above the present duties payable tp her Majefty fpr the /ame) the fum pf two (hillings and three pence fterling*

CL And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, Thgt Qn there shall be raifed, levied, colledled and paid, to and for the phiets, ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, for and upon ajl Ew&ns <f boqks and papers commonly called pamphlets, and for and ihiJe dutus upon all new? papers, or papers containing publick news, in-telligence or occurrences, which (hall, at any time qr times f. 14! yvithin or during the term laft mentioned, be printed in Great Britain, .fo be difperfed and made publick, and for and upon such advertifements a? are herein after mentioned, the refp.edlivp duties following ; that is to fay.

For every such pamphlet or paper contained in half a (heet, or any lerfer piece of p^p.er, (0 printed, the fum of ope halfpenny fterling.

For every such pamphlet or paper Chejng larger t^n half ? one whole Jheet, gnd not exc^pdjng pi*f wholp ftieetj fo printed, > duty (he*

Vpl. £H.	f.b	‘.............aft»

Larger pamphlets.

Advertife-

mentt.

Salve* for a&s of parliament] dec.

Comnuflion-ers of the ftamps to ma mge thele du tics.

tettttftn Sec. to be ftamped before writtCJ

Anno cJerimo Ann.*. C. ig.	Z*7***

after the rate of one penny fterling for every printed copy

thereof.

And for every such pamphlet or paper, being larger than one whole (beet, and not exceeding fix fheets in oftavo, or in a Ieffer page, or not exceeding twelve (heets in quarto, or twenty fheets iq folio, fo printed, a duty after the rate of two (hillings fterling for every (heet of any kind of paper which fiiatl be contained in one printed copy thereof.

And for every advertifement to be contained in the Lends* 'Gazette, or any other printed paper, such paper being difperfed or made publick weekly, or oftner, the fum of twelve pence fterling.

CII. Provided always, That this aft shall not extend to > charge any ads of parliament, proclamation, order of council, forms of prayer and thankfgiving, or any ads of ftate which shall be ordered by her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, to be printed, or the printed votes, or other matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either houfe of parliament, with any of the said duties on pamphlets or news papers, or to charge any books commonly ufed in any the schools of Great Britain, or any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, with the said duties on pamphlets, or to charge any Angle advertifement printed fay itfelf, or the daily accounts or bills erf goods imported and exported, or the weekly bills of mortality, (fo a$ such accounts or bills do contain no other matters than what have been ufually comprized therein) with any the duties aforesaid ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftauding.

CIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefakf. That for the better and more effectual levying, collefting, and /paying unto her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, the said fe-veral duties hereby granted and made payable for or in refpeft of the said feveral and refpeftive* matters and things to be in-groffed, written, or printed, as aforesaid, the fame fhall be under the government, care, and management of the commif-fioners for the time being, appointed to manage the duties payt able to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and charged on ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the ne-Ceffary officers unaer them for rhat purpofe, and to caufe aB such further new ftamps to be provided, to denote the duties faft mentioned, as shall be requisite, and to do all other things neceffary to be by them done, for the putting this aft in due execution with,relation to thofe duties.

CIV. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That all vellum, parchment and paper, upon which any *of the laft mentioned feveral and refpeftive matters and thingsf (hall, from and after the said firft day of Auguji, one thousand fcven hundred and twelve, be refpeftively ingrofled, written, or printed (the paper to be ufed iff printing the said pamphlets ex-

cccding

 L,ooQle

I)i i.J	Arino decimo Ann.hr. c. 19.	37*

teediftg one (heet, as aforelaid, only excepted) shall before such ingrofling, writing, or printing, be brought to the head office for (tamping or marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, and the fame commiffioners by themfelves or by their officers employed under them, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required forthwith, upon demand to them made by any perlbn pr persons from time to time, to (lamp or mark, as this aft di-refts, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, he or they paying to the receiver general of the (lamp duties for the time being, or to his deputy or clerk, for the ufe of her Ma-jefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, the refpeftive duties payable for the fame by this aft, without any other fee or reward, and without delay; which ftamp or mark to be put thereupon in purfuance oi this aft, shall be a fufficient discharge for the fe-veral and refpeftive* duties hereby payable for the said vellum^ parchment, and paper, which shall be fo damped or marked.

C V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That if any person or persons, or corporation, (hall, from and P^00* writ-after the said firft day of Auguftj one thousand feven hundred °&c. t*-and twelve, within or during the term laft mentioned, write, fore (tamped, ingrofs, or print, or caufe to be written, ingrofled, or printed, 10I or fign any of the laft mentioned feveral and refpeftive matters and things, or fell, utter, or expofe to fale any such pamphlet or news paper, as aforesaid, (the said pamphlets exceeding one (heet, as aforesaid, only excepted) before the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the fame shall be refpeftively ingrofled, written, or printed, shall appear to have been fo duly damped or marked, as aforesaid. That then every such person or corporation, fo offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall for every (uch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds* together with full cofts of fuit* and every fteward, or steward or ofc other officer, or his deputy, offending herein, and being con-ficer offending vifted of any such offence, shall (over and befides the forfei- foifeit places, Cure or penalty aforesaid) forfeit and lofe his office and employ-ment, and be incapable to hold the fame j and that if any of the said feveral and refpeftive matters and things, fo to be ingrofled or written, as aforesaid, (hall, during the term laft mentioned, be written or ingrofled, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not appearing to have been duly (lamped or marked according to law, that then and in every such cafe there shall be due, anfwered and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs (over and No writing above the duties hereby payable) for every such matter and thing	*

refpeftively, the fum of (rve pounds; and that no such matter good, till’5U Or thing shall be available in law or equity, or be given in evi- paid to the dence, or admitted in any court, unlefs as well the laid duties OjL*** hereby charged, as thefeid fum of five pounds, shall be firft p^4dutybt f>aid to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, and a re- p ceipt produced for the fame under the hand of the receiver general for the time being, of the (lamp duties, or of his deputy tor clerk* and until the ycllum, parchment, or paper, 'titrwhich t	B	b	2	fuch


qjx	Anno dedja^ANiiJt. c.ig,	(p7Mf

fuch matter or thing 1$ To written or ingroffed, (ball he. marked

cr ftamped, according to the tenor and true meaning hereof* and the fa id receiver general, and his deputy or clerk, are hereby injoined and required, upon payment or tender or the said duty, payable by virtue hereof, and of the said lum of five pounds, to give a receipt for such money* and the other proper officers are thereupon required to mark or fboxp such matter , or thing With the proper mark or ftamp requifite in that behalf-Commiflion- . CVL And l^e it farther .ena&ed by the authority afore&id, ers to be That every commjffioner and officer, who shall ait in or about foorn.	raanaging or collecting the dudes laft mentioned, srnd here-

by granted, (hall, before he shall a<5t in or about the fame, tak* the oath following, that is to fay.

Their oath. T *A. B. do fwear, That I will faithfully execute the truft fepofti mi in me, purfuant to the aft of parliament, whereby certain duties are charged upon fur renders of and admittances to copyhold lands cr tenements, and other the matters and things thereby dir editd to he . fidmpei, as is therein mentioned, without fraud or concealment * and Jhall, from time to time, true account make, of my doings therein* r * and deliver the fame to such person or persons, as her Majtfty* her heirs and fuccejjars, /ball appoint to receive Jucb account * and Jhall take no fee, or reward, cr profit, for the execution cr performance ipf the laid trujl, or the bufmejs relating thereto, from ayy person or persons, other than such as Jhall be allowed by her AJaj(Jiy, her heirs,and JucceJJirs% or Janie other person or persons by her or them tq that purpofe authorized.

; Which oath shall and may be adminifired by any two or more of the commiffioners kfi mentioned, or any jufbee of the peace.

Cferomiflioii- CVII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforekid, •f* t^rrf3fCnr That the said commiffioners for managing the said duties oa ^treafary! foropt vellum, parchment and paper, aim all other officers* who shall he employed in or about the cdle&ing or man?gUM of the duties laft mentioned, and hereby granted, fiiall, in an# for the better execution of their said offices and trufts, obferve and perform such ruler, methods and orders, a* they refpecr tively (hall, from time to time, receive from the lord high to&r furer of Great Britain now being, or from the lord high tiear furer of Great Britain, or three or more of the commifficmem dF No^te to be the treakry for the time being * and that no fee or reward &W taken.' he demanded or taken by any her Majefty’s officers relating tiq the said ftamp duties, from any of her Majefty’s fubjeds, fof any matter or t^ing to he done in purfuance of this a# * and i# cafe any officer mtrufted, or to be intruded, in the execution ojf this a6f, in relation to the said ftamp duties, shall refute or oe#-le£t to perform any matter pr thing by thi? a<9t required to bf done and performed by him, whereby any of her Maj^fty’sSub* jc&s shall or may fuftain any damage whafibever, 4uch office? So <#{«%	t»y any

i \	flat	ute.





iyn*J	Anno	dectifio Aicwjff. c. 1^.

Astute*, to anfwer to the p^rty grieved all such damages with treble cofts of fuit.

OVIH. And it is hereby further eftadted by the authority Thcfe duties aforefeid, That the duties by this adf granted on ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, and the said duties upon news papers and gencrafof the pamphlets, shall be all paid, from time to time, into the hands duties, of the receiver general, for the time being, of the said duties or* ftampt vellum, parchment and paper; who shall keep a feparate qnd diftindt account thereof, and pay, from time to time, aB the monies arifing thereby (the neceflary charges of raiftng, paying, and accounting for the fame excepted) into the receipt of the Exchequer of her Majefty, her heirs and lucceffors, for the	'	.

purpofes in this ad exprelfed.

CIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted, That as upon renews often as her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, shall think fit to al of (tamps alter or renew the laid marks or (lamps to be provided and ufed jbofe who fcrveHum, parchment, and paper, in purfuance of this atft, any of them, it shall be lawful for all perfons, who shall at that themTmay time have in their cuftody or poflefllon any vellum, parchment have it chang* Or paper, marked with the (lamp or damps which shall be fo edin 69 day** altered or renewed, and upon which none of the matters and things hereby Charged, shall be ingrofled, written or printed^ at any time within the (pace of fixty days after such intention of renewing or altering, (nail be publifhed by proclamation, to	4

bring or fend fiich vellum, parchment or paper to the comraif* fioners lad mentioned at the said head office, or to such officers as shall be appointed in that behalf; and the fame commiflioners find officers reflectively are hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered to the feveral persons who fhall fo bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, parchment and^ paper, the like quantity of vellum, parchment and paper, and as good in quality, ftadtpt with such new (tamps, without demanding, or Penalty on of-takingdiredly or indirectly for the fame, any fum of money or fochanec05 confideration whatsoever, under the penalty of forfeiting for iooj# efvery such offence, one hundred pounds, to be fued for, recovered and divided in foch manner as the other penalties in this oCt, relating to the said duties hereby charged on vellum, parchment and paper, are directed to be fued for, recovered, and divided 5 ahd in cafe any person shall negledt or rcfnfe within the Paper not -lime aforesaid, to bring or caufe to be brought and delivered to brought in inch commiflioners or officers, as aforesaid, any such vellum, ^cm0£ n0 parchment, or paper, the fame is hereby declared to be of no ufc> &c. Other effedt or ufe than if it had never been (tamped; and that 4il matters or things charged with the duties laft mentioned, and hereby granted, which shall after that time be ingrofled or Written thereon, fhall be of no other effedt than if they had been ingrofled or written on vellum, parchment, or paper not marked, or (bmped at all; and all persons who shall ingrofs, write, or print any the matters or things hereby charged on 'foch vellum, parchment, or paper, after the said time, shall forfeit and furor a*herein before is eitedted, for persons writing, t '	Bb3	irigroffing.



374	Anno	decimo	AnSje.	C.i £.	[17it:

ingroffing, or printing on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or damped.

Proclamation CX. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That as ftamps^o^e °^ten as Her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, shall think fit to fenttothe alter the said damps, or any of them, that the proclamation mayors, &p. which is hereby intended to be made for the giving all persons due notice thereof, (hall,, within thirty days after the date thereof, be fent to the mayor, chief magiftrate, or other head officer of every city, corporation, borough, and market town, throughout her Majefty’s kingdom of Great Britain \ which of-

not SbU&in §ccrs rcfp®^*ve^y cau^c die ^amc to be publifhed to the info Pu habitants of such city, corporation, borough or town, either on the next market day, or next Sunday in the church imme-, diately after the time of divine fervice, upon pain of forfeiting .	the fum of two hundred pounds,

p ^of cveryC°* CXI. And for the better colle&ing ahd fecuring the duties pamphletT hereby charged on such pamphlets containing more than one bove 1 (heet, (heet of paper, as aforesaid; be it further enaSed by the autho-* publifhed in rity aforesaid. That one printed copy of every such pamphlet, tobebrou °ht	frQm and after the said firft day of Augujl, one ihoufand

to the damp feven hundred and twelve, and during the (aid term of thirty office within and two years, from thence next enfuing, shall be printed or 6 days after publifhed within the cities of London or IVefiminfter, or within printing, 8tc. ^ limits of the weekly bills of mortality, (Hall, within the fpace of fix days after the printing thereof, be brought to the said head office for ^marking or (lamping of vellum, parchment, and paper y and the title thereof, with the number of (heets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, shall He regiftred or rntred in a book there to be kept for that pur-pofc, which duty shall be thereupon paid to the said receiver general of the (lamp duties, or his deputy or clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the fame, on such printed Copy, or the fame shall be (lamped to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged on such pamphlet: and that on* If printed elfc- Prmted CCW of every such pamphlet, as laft mentioned, .which where, to be during the fame term, shall be printed or published in any part brought to of Gnat Britain, not being within the limits laft before men* hea.d tioned, (hall, within the fpace of fourteen days after the print-diyt, to He'4 t^creof» be brought to fqme head colledor of the said ftamp enfred, &c. duties, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof, with the number of (beets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept for x that purpofe j which duty fhs|ll be thereupon paid to such collector, who shall thereupon give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy.

If the duty be CXII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, not paid, &c. That if any such pamphlet 9pntaining more than. one (beet of author, &c. paper, as aforesaid, Ihall, during the laft mentioned term of p^°yCtbl,mn"t>vo ^ thirty years, be printed or publilhed, and the duty * y * hereby charged thereon shall not be duly paid,, and the tide fhercof regiftred, and pne copy thereof (tapped, where required

fQ

t





*

ifu-l Axuu)dedmo AN^.x.19.^.	375

fo to be, within the refpeftive times herein before for thofe- fe-: veral purpofes limited, that then the author, printer, and puh-^ lifher of, and all other persons concerned in or about the printing or publifhing of such pamphlet, shall lofe all property therein, and in every copy thereof, although the title thereto were regiftred in the book of the ftatiohers in London, according to the late aft of parliament in that behalf, fo as any per-fon (notwithftanding the said aft) may freely print and publill*, the lame, paying the duty payable in refpeft thereof by virtue of this aft, without being liable to any aftion, profecutiori or. penalty for fo doing ; any thing in the said aft of parliament for veiling the copies of printed books in the authors or purchafers. of such copies, or in any by-law contained, or any cuftom or other thing to the contrary notwithstanding: and the * printer and also for-and publilher of such pamphlet, and every other person con-*®itl°l*.( ^ cemcd in the printing or publilhing thereof, (hall, in Iuch cafe, * forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, with full cofts of fuit.	.	.	*

CXIII. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Pamphlets to aforesaid, That during the fame term of two and thirty years, havetheprint-no person whatfoever shall fell, or expofe to fale, any such pam-n'ame phlet, without the true refpeftive name or names, and place or printed thare-places of abode, of fome known person or persons, by or for on, on pain whom the fame was really and truly printed or puDli(hed,of»ol. written or printed thereupon, upon pain that every person offending herein, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, with full cofts of fuit.

CXiV. And in regard of the incertainty how many copies of pamphlet8un-the said printed news papers or pamphlets to be contained in onefold to be can* (heet, or in a lefs piece of paper, may be fold ; and to the in- celled by the tent the duties hereby granted thereupon may not be leflened by commiiEon-printing a lefs number than may be fold, out of a fear of a lolscr8> thereby, in printing more such copies than will be fold ; it is	>

hereby provided and enafted, That the commiffioners' for managing the said (lamp duties, or the major part of them, or. filch head officers as they shall appoint in this behalf, shall arid may cancel, or caufe to be cancelled, all the ftamps upon fiich copies of any impreffion of such news paper or pamphlet, as lad mentioned, as shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands. of the person or persons by or for whom the fame shall be.

!Minted or publilhed, and upon oath or oaths made before the ame commiffioners, or the major part of them, or such head officer (who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame, and to examine into all circumftances relating to the felling or dif-pofing of the printed copies of such news paper or pamphlet) to the fatisfaftion of such commiffioners or head officer, that all such copies, fo cancelled, shall be really and truly remaining . unfold in the hands of the person or persons by or for whom -the fame were printed orpubliftied, and that none of them shall have been fraudulently returned or rebought after the fame shall have been fold or difpofed of, shall and may caufe the Jjlce number of other (heets, half (heets, or lefs pieces of paper,

Bb 4	”	to



Anrt* cJeelrtto	d.tg.	[ryr*.

and the like to be f&tfjped with the farfle rfc(\>e6five ftarrips (gratis, am! with-ofct paying any duties for thfe fatrfe) for the pferfoh or persons (tamped gratis p**d r^e duties for such (lamps as shall be on such copied fo tobechangedremaining unfold; any thing herein contained to the contrary for draft* ntatwithranding. And the lame cammiffioners, or the' major part of them, ate hereby impowerfed to make such rules *nd, orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the tidies for such cancelling and allowances, as aforesaid, with reipe& to fuchr federal ana refpedtive newS papers or pamphlets, as lad mentioned, as they (hall, upon experience and Cohfideration of the feverai circumrtances, find hefcetfary ot convenient for the ef--fedhial fecuring the duties oh filch news papers and pamphlets^ arid doing joftice td the perforis concerned in the printing and pbblifhing thereof.

Counterfeit- CXV. And be it further eftadied by* the authority aforesaid, inettamps That if any person or perforis whatfoever, (hall, at any time or fcx>nY* times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any (lamp or mirk to re-r*	feinbfe ariy ftdirlp Or mark Which (Ball be provided, made, or

ufed, in pqrfuance of this a<5t, of shall counterfeit dr tefembtt the impreflion df the fame, uporf ariy vellum, parchment, of paper, thereby to defraud her Majefty, her heirs or fixxefiors* 6f any of the said duties on Vellum, parchment, or paper, or * *	ihall utter, vehd, or fell any vellum* parchment, dr pajw with

fuch counterfeit mark or ftamp thereupon, knowing loch (lamp of mark td be counterfeit, or if arty person Whatfoever shall privately and fraudulently uTe any (lamp or mark, thereby to defied hef Majefty, her heirs pr fucceflors, of any duty upon, vellorti, parchment, or paper hereby granted, then every person fo dffehdi ng, Sind being thereof convidied in due forth of Jaw, shall Be adjudged a felon, and shall differ death as in cafes of felonV, Without benefit of clergy.

Comwiflion- CXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afbreiaid*. ei-s to furnifh Th<tt the (aid commiffroriers far the time being, appoihtfcd to liu^^&c.	pMnage the said duties upon ftanlpt vellum, parchment, and

^	*	pfcper, fttall take care fhaf the feveral parts of the kingdom of

(irtat Britain (hall, frorh time to time, be fufficientfy furriifhed With Vellum, parchment, arid paper, (lamped and marked, as afeotefaid, fo a£ the fubjc<5ts of her Majefty, her heir* and fuc-cefforS, tniy have it In their efe&ion to buy the fame of the officers, of perfonS to be employed hy the far’d commfflioners at the ufuril ahd broft common rates above the said duties, of td bring their oWn vellum, parchment, or paper to be ftamped^ as arorefaid, or to furnifh therrifelves or others that shall nave done the fame.

Treafury to CJCVII. And for the better diftribution of the said velluth, fet the prices 'parchment, and paper* arid that the fubjedls inqy have the \u fta&ct VC ^"ame Wlt^ more cohveniency, and at an eafy rate; be it further *	ena6lbd By the authority aforesaid, That the lord high treafufer

of Gtea^ Britain, now or for the time being, or the comshif-fiohcrS of the treafury for the time being, (hall, once in every year at* the fet the prices of Jfcuript vallum, parchment

and



jjii.J	Arino	derimd A&MM. 1.10.

and paper that it shall be fold at; and that the commiffioners for the said duties upon vellum, parchment and paper, shall {tamp the said price fo fet upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper fo by them to be fold ; and that the fame commiffioners lhall likewife allow and pay to Allowance of every person that fhall bring vdlum, parchment, or paper tnr* per cent, for the said head office to be damped, in purfuance of this aft, the 6 montb** duties whereof hereby impofed fliall amount to the fum of ten pounds, or upwards, after the rate of fix pounds in the hundred pounds per annum for six months, upon present payment of the said duties upon the said vellum, parchment, or paper, fo by them bought; and that any persons that fhall buy of the	•

faid commiffioners, or their agents, vellum, parchment, or paper, at the head office for damping the fame, the duty whereof amounts to the fum of ten pounds, or upwards, shall have the fame allowance.

CXVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- The duty on faid. That from and after the said fird day of Auguji, one thou- advertife-ftnd feven hundred and twelve, all and every person and per- mentsto be fons who fliall print or publifh, or caufe to be printed or pub- Pa1^ Wltbia liflied, any advertifement or advertifements, (hall, Within the 30 ays* fpace of thirty days after the printing or publication of such ad-• vertifement or advertifements, pay or caufe to be paid the duty or duties thereon, hereby chargea, to the refpeftive persons to whom the fame are hereby appointed to be paid, (that is to fay) to the receiver general, tor the time being, of the duties on ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, or his deputy or clerk, the said duties for all such advertifements as shall be lo printed, or publifhed within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality j and to the next adjacent head officer, for the time being, appointed for collection of the said damp duties, the said duties hereby charged for and upon all such advertifements, as afore-faid, which shall be printed or publifhed in any place out of thofe limits ; and the commiffioners and officers lad-mentioned, or such of them to whom it fliall appertain, are hereby required, upon payment of the duties hereby charged on such advertifement or advertifements, without any other fee or reward, to damp with the proper damp, to be provided for that purpofe, one copy of such advertifement or advertifements, ot to give a receipt for the duty or duties hereby charged thereupon, in tedimony of the payment thereof; and in default of£>efall]t 0f such payment witnin the time herein before for that purpofe payment for-lirfiited, the printer or publiflier of every such advertifement feits treble shall be liable to pay treble the duties before by this aft charge- th* duty, able thereupon, to be recovered with full cods of fuit.	(

CXIX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. Pecuniary pe^ That all pecuniary penalties hereby impofed, relating to the naities to be . duties on flampt vellum, parchment, and paper, or upon cards, e moiety to dice, pamphlets, or advertifements, (except such touching which oth^efthe * other provifions or directions are made or given it\ this aft) informer.

{hall be divided and didributed, to wit, one moiety thereof to

- her





Two or more juft ice* to determine offences.

. r t.

Perfon* aggrieved may appeal to the

2narter fef-6ns.

Juftices may mitigate penalties.

Anna defiimo Annjr. C. ig.	[1711;

her Mmjefty* her heirs and fucceftors, and the other, moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to such person or persons as shall inform and fue for the fame in any of her Majefty’s courts at Wejlminjier, for offences committed in England, WaU.r, or herwick upon Tweed, and in her Majefty’s court of feflion* court of jufticiary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland, by a<SHon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

.. CXX. Provided always, and it is hereby epafied by the authority a/orefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for two or more justices of the peace to hear and determine any offence against this act, in or by the printing, felling, uttering, or eaepofing to .fale, within the limits of the poramiffion by which such justices of the peace are or fjiajl be impowered to a<5t, any pamphlet or pamphlets, news paper or news papers, not marked or (tamped as this a£t dire£ts; which said justices of the peace are hereby authorized and required, upon any information ex~ hiblted, or complaint made in that behalf, within three months after any such offence committed, to fummon the party ac-pufed, and' al(b the witnefles on either fide, and upon the appearance or contempt of the party accufed in not appearing (upon proof or notice given) to proceed to the examination of the witnefs or witnefles upon oath (which oath they are hereby impowered to acfminifter) and to give judgment or feotence accordingly ; and where the party accufed shall be convicted of such offence, either by the view of the said juftices, or either of them, or upon fiich information, as aforesaid, to award and iffue warrants for the levying any pecuniary penalty or penalties fo adjudged, on the goods of the offender, and to cauie fale to be made thereof, in pafe they shall not be redeemed within fix days, rendring to the party the overplus, if any $ and where goods of such offender cannot be found, to commit such offender to prifon, there to remain until such pecuniary penalty fhall be paid and Satisfied : and if any party shall find himfelf or herfelf aggrieved, or remain unfatisfied in the judgment of the said juftices, then he, she, or they shall and may, by virtue of this a<ft, complain or appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter feffions for the county, riding, (hire, or place, wherein such offence fhall be committed ; who are hereby impowered to futnmon and examine witnefles upon oath, and finally Jo hear and determine the fame, and in case of conviction, to jflue warrants for levying or compelling, by such means, as aforesaid, the. payment pf the said penalties. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and fpr the said refoe&ive juftices, where they shall fee caufe, to miti-

5ate or leflen any such penalty, in such manner as they in their iferetion shall think fit, the reafonable eofts and charges of the officers or informers being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and fo as such mitigation do not reduce the penalty to lefs than one fourth part thereof over and above the fajd coft

and



179

17x1.]	Annd	decimo	Annas.	C.	xgl

and charges; any thing Contained in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXI. And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, That Brokers not to all and every person and perfons, who shall be imployed as a ^ke broker or brokers, follicitor or folliciiors, or otherwise, in the on fwfekwe behalf of any other person or persons, to make any bargain or of »gl. contract for the buying or felling of .any tallies, oraers, Exchequer bills. Exchequer tickets, bank hills, or any (hare or in-tereft in any joint (lock erefted by ad of parliament, or by letters patents under the great feat, or bonds of any company thereby erefted, who (hall, after the firft day of AuguJij one thousand feven hundred and twelve, take or receive, diredly or indiredly, any fum or fums of money, or other reward, exceeding the fum of two (hillings and nine pence for every hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer fum, for his or their fervice in folliciting or procuring such contrad or bargain, shall forfeit for every such offence twenty pounds, with full colls of fuit, to such persons as shall fue for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Ma-jefty’s courts of record at tVeJhninJler, in which no effoin, pro-* -tedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (half bo allowed.

CXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the Commiflion-authority aforesaid. That every perforj, who mall be appointed swandofficers a commiffioner for all or any the duties granted by this ad, and 19 ** f*001* every fubordinate officer under such commiflioners, who shall receive any falary or allowance in refped of his office, (the fe-veral commiflioners and officers of the cuftoms excepted) shall before his afting in his refpedive truft, take an oath for his due and faithful execution of the fame, according to this ad, which oath shall and may be adminiftred to any such commiffioner by any other person who shall be appointed a commiflioner, as aforesaid, and to the said officers refpedively by any one of the said commiflioners, or by one justice of the peace, who shall give to the officer a certificate thereof, gratis.

CXXIII, And it is hereby enaded, That if any person or persons shall be fued, molefted or profecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, such person and persons shall and may plead the general HTue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if afterwards a verdid shall paft (Jfneral ifftw for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff shall difcont-tinue his adion, or be nonfuited, or judgment shall be given against him upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble cods to him or them awarded against such plaintiff.

* CXXIV. And to the end all the said rates and duties upon fope, paper, chequered and ftriped linens, and.upon printed,	.

painted, ftained, or dyed goods, and upon ftarapt vellum, parchment, and paper, or otherwise, howfoeuer before granted by this aft, may be duly and certainly raifed, and the fame (except the neceflary charges of executing this aft) may \>e juftly





.Amcr^mo Awn**. c. if	£	17x1.

and doty brought into Che laid rbecipt of Exchequer, tccefdhg to the true meaning hereof 5 it is hereby enaded by f!ft tmtbo-rity ifotefaid, That, from lime tb time, during the ttorlrifriu-Mice Of this art, there Stall be appointed such and fb many* com-CettirhUten- miflimers and officers as shall hie proper and ncceffitfy tor noa-to^bcaDOoS^ na?*n®( r^6nfy colfarting, and paying the firid fererri rate* edt who are **** duties herein before granted, and for keeping and refadrmg to be liable to the account* of the (ante, add that the hcfpe^veedmmrDDocra the a& 9 & 10 and officers concerned therein*' (halt perform their feveral do-

W.	3. c. 44.	m relation to the premifleB, as to them refpertively (hall

appertain, under such add the Kkepeftalfies, forfeiture* and dif*

; abilities, fotf any offenefe or ndglert therein, or for detaining, dn ▼ertiitg, or mi (applying any part of the monies arififtg by the find tales end duties, as are preferdfod fod to T* inflated by virtue of kn art of parliament made and palled in the ninth yeas e£ the reign bf his late majesty King ffitikm the Thrift}* in tint-kd, M 08 for reefing a fitrn, net eneetdiag tit# tnilGihs, upon d fiend for payment 'of anmdties* after the rate of eight pounds per edn-* min per annum, and for fettling the trade to tit Eaft Indies, for . the like offence dr nteglert relating to the dudes thereby granted or referred uhto, or for detaining, diverting, or mifappling any part of the monies, which were granted or appropriated by the §A fafi-toentrotiecfc.

veeo^ttobs G3£XV< Afld be it enadfod by the authority ifordaid, That ^ Vcar^y and wdry year, diiritig the term of thirty two years* clearing off tfKdiomhg fat fo-ft ym> to begin from the nine and twentieth the principal day ctf September* dne thotrfand (even hundred add twelve, the lam of foil fam of one hundred fixty eight thoiriand and three pounds* *34,74ol. with fey or ^ut the monks to arjfe by the feveftl duties, rates, and cent. 6 *pcr ftmls of motley by this art herein before granted ar appropri* atfed, or any oc them, and to be brought iitto the receipt of the Exchequer, as aforeftid, (m cafe the? fame (hail extend thereunto} iHtH be computed and reckoned to be i yearly fundi rind in daffi aU thermon.e» arhkig trio the Exchequer for the fame duties, rates, and (urns of money, fo granted or appropriated, (had itotoihottntto tfcefurrt oforite hundred fixty eight thou (and and thrteporinefe per ednam* then the irrajwesfo arifing ffo for as the fame <h*K extend) (hail be part of the yearly fund far and hi-wbritath* arifrierhag hnd paying off all arid every the prindipd Amis hhrflri after mentioned, amounting hi the whole to the fnm of fewri ftiittkfts three hundred forty one fhoitftnd knot hundred dhd forty pobnds, principal money, together with in* Deficiency to riwrififot the fame, after thb rate of foe poiinds fertentim per be made g^kiifenm, as bfriein>after is mentioned? and in baft the fame ot* ad*t°fbe	***** ratC8> an<* *um8 money ty this aft grantedrir appita-

granted in	fwhriedfonU at any Witte dr tifo&'appear to he fodeftefetti dr low

parliament, in the produce of the fame, os that within any one year, to be reckoned, os aforesaid, the ftid mantas arifing m the exchequer, for of Upori jrccouht of die fame duties, shall not aahounrt -to as mtch as orib hundred fixty eight thbufand and thrdb pounds, that tb^i arid fo often, and m every such cafe, fa

much

 3QQle

.Anne dttfiltfa A»m«.	c.	$$*

much ax ihsJA be stenting-to make-up the laid fund orfyatti

one hundred fixty eight thousand and three pounds, for every

or any fiich year, (ball be fupplied and made good, from time

to time, out of the firft aid or fupply to be granted in parliament^

next after such deficiency lhall appear, and (hall, from time to or oat of any

time, be transferred thereunto, as foon as the fame lhall be

Santed; and in cafe no such aid or fupply (hail be granted. Exchequer ea by and out of any publick money which lhall be in the fold unupropri-receipt of exchequer, not appropriated to any particular ufe orated, ufes by ad of parliament j and the lord high treafurer now be* mg, or the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury tor the time beiqg, are hereby ftfhftly enjoined and required to make up fiich deficiency accordingly, out of such unappropriated pubtick money, without any further or other warrant or author rity for the lame.

CXXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Any persons find. That it dull and may he lawful for any perfbn or perfons, ”?y ~f f°n~ natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute for or towards advancing the fum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds for carrying on the said war, by paying at or before the relpe£tive days and tiroes by this a£t limited in that bo* half, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that pur* pofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of ten pounds, or divers entire films of ten pounds upon this a&> and that for the raifing the said fum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds, any perfon, who will become contributor or adventurer, shall and may advance the fum of ten pounds, for which fums fo advanced, he, she, or they shall be entitled to receive, by virtue of this ad, fiich principal money, and the intereft thereof, to be paid, as herein after is mentioned, by and out of the (aid yearly fund fettled by this ad; and that every contributor or adventurer may advance as many entire fums of ten pounds, as he, she, or they shall think fit, and for every such film of ten pounds fo advanced, he, she, or they, is or arc to be intended in one lot or (hare of and in the said yearly fund, by virtue of this ad; and the fame intire fums of ten pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such receiver or receivers, at or before the refpedive days and times, and in the. refpe&ve Times of pay-jproportions herein after mentioned, (that is to fay) one fourthment* part thereof, on or before the twenty fourth day of Jvne> in die year gf our Lord one thou land (even hundred and twelve, one other fourth part thereof, on or before the twenty fourth day of Jvbt in the (aid year of our Lord one thousand fevon hundred ana twelve, one other fourth part thereof, on or before the twenty third day of Jvgvfiy in the fiud year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and twelve, and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the twenty fourth day of September* ip the said year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve.	.

Tba



3«a

EXP.

Anno declmoANN®. c. i$r.	[17^;

The Queen to appoint managers. Manager* to meet together at ibme pubiick office. Books to be provided with two columns* tor lottery number [one.] [two.] [three.] Receivers to be appointed by the lord trcafurer. Managers to examine tjie books* and deliver them to the receivers, Sec. Tickets how to be delivered out. Receivers to redeliver the books, See. by 27 October, 1711. Outermoft column tickets not dif-pofed of to be delivered into the Exchequer, and thence ifTued as caffi, &c. Tickets of the outermoft column to be rolled up and put in a box. Upon one of the tickets shall be written twelve thousand pounds; upon ano* ther, five thousand pounds; upon two others, two thouiand pounds: upon one other, four thousand pounds 5 upon two others, three tliou&na pounds; upon ten others, one thousand pounds; upon eighteen others* five hundred pounds; upon thirty others, two hundred pounds $ upon pne hundred others, one hundred pounds; upon five hundred fixty and four others, fifty pounds; and upon nine thouiand two hundred fixty and <iine others, twenty pounds : which together with five hundred pounds to the firtt drawn ticket, and five hundred pounds to the Jaft drawn ticket, in each of the three lotteries, will amount for each lottery to two hundred and eighty thousand five hundred and eighty pounds, which makes the benefits on all the three lotteries amount to eight hundred forty one thousand feven hundred and forty pounds; which with one million five* hundred thousand pounds, will be the principal money payable on the remaining fifty thouiand blank tickets in all the three lotteries, being five hundred thousand pounds lor fifty thousand blank tickets in each lottery, amount to two millions three hundred forty one thousand feven hundred and forty pounds, being the total principal money to be repaid. Outermoft column tickets to be rolled up, and put into a box. No money to be received after 14 June, 1711, See. Pubiick notice of the time of cutting the tickets. The manner of drawing the tickets. The manner of the second drawing for the courfe of payment. Every number draws to relate equally to the tickets of the fame number in every of the threo lotteries. An exafr table of the courfe of payment to be printed. Po£-iefiors of fortunate tickets above sol. to appear before the managers by »4 Feb. 1712. Fortunate tickets to be printed. Forging tickets felony. Managers to enter the fortunate lots above 20I. principal money in a book, and tranfmit it into the Exchequer by 24 March, 1712. Intereft to be paid half yearly. Fortunate lots not above 20I. principal money, and unfortunate tickets, to have principal and intereft. Sec. Firft payment at 24 June, 1713. Managers to be fworn. Penalty on officers of the Exchequer and other officers, offending. Money lent tax-free. Tickets to be exchanged for (landing orders. Notice to be given in the Gazette, of taking in tickets, and delivering out orders. Orders to be numbered in courfe, as they are brought in. The money, as it comes in, to be divided into three equal parts, for the three lotteries. The orders of the three lotteries to be paid numerically, Sec. Any number of tickets, not exceeding an hundred, may be included in one order, fo as tfiey be in the fame lottery and courfe of payment. Several orders for fmall Anna in the fame lottery and courfe, may be exchanged into one order. The monies arifing by this a&, to be applied to pay off principal and intereft. No undue preference, if fubfequent orders be paid before others, who did not demand their monies. Deficiency of one year to be made good out of the next. Surplus to be applied to make good deficiencies, &c. Notice to be hung up in the office when orders become due. Eight pence per cent, per diem allowed tor the firft payment, and 4d. per cent, for the other payments, till 25 Dec. 1712. Receivers may take in money before they receive their books. Contributors advancing one fourth part, and tailing in the reft, to forfeit the firft fourth part: and if no ticket shall have been delivered him* tnen the ticket to be returned into the Exche^ quer. Sec. Treafury to appoint a paymafter, Sec, Who shall be fubjefik to the rules of the treafury. Alignment of (landing orders Lobe regiftred. Her Majefty, Sec. to reward the managers, Sec. out of the monies arifing by the duties. Extraordinary benefits of 2000I. may be divided into handing orders not lc£s than 500L principal money. If all the principal

. and



Anrio declmo Anna. C. ig:

3*3

and intcreft be paid off before 3* years, then the refidue to be difpofed of by parliament. Guardians to contribute for infants, &c.

CLVIII. And whereas by an at1 of parliament made in the ninth 9 Ann. c, ij. year of her Majefly's reign, intituled, An a£t for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs j and for charging certain new duties on ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and on cards and dice ; and on the exportation of rock fait for Ireland; and for fecuring thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the pod office, and by feveral duties on hides and fkins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and fe-venty pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the fads-faction of fiich orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any fum not exceeding two millions, to be raifed for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, it was enabled^ That the commijjioners for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches for the time being, or the major part of them, fhould have power, and are thereby required (amongjl other things tberem contained) to licenfe all such hackney chairs which, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, within or during the term of thirty two years, from thence next and immediately enjuing, fhould be kept and ufed for hire within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the fuburbs thereof \ and within all and every the parifhes and places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality; and that the number of all such chairs fo to be licenfed upon that aft 1 fhould not at any one time, within or during the term hfl-mentioned, exceed two hundred $ and that upon every one of the said licences fo to be granted^ for keeping or ufwg for hire any hackney chair, there fhould be rejervedand payable to her Majejly^ her heirs and fuccejforsj the Qnnual fum of ten fbillings9 to be paid quarterly at the four mofl ufual feafls in the year, by equal portions* during the continuance of every such licence for a chair; and in the fame all feveral rates, reflriftions, and claufes are infertedy in relation to such chairs and the chairmen fo licenfed; as by the fame, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: and whereas it is found neccffary or convenient that a greater number of such hackney chairs fhould be licenfed to be imployed within the limits aforesaid $ be r it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the commit ^ackl fioners for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches now be- ney coaches ing, and the commiflioners for licenfing and regulating hack- may licence ney coaches for the time being, or the major part of them, i°°kmore shall have power and authority, and are hereby impowered and chairs.^ required, under their hands and feals, or the hands and feals of By ,» Geo. 1. the major part of them (over and above the number of chairs c. 12. f. 15. authorized to be licenfed by the said /ormer adf) to licenfe any0** * additional number not exceeding one hundred such hackney chairs, which, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, Madeperte-one thousand (even hundred and twelve, at any time or times tool by 360 within or during the term of thirty one years, from thence riext *•c- 7* A r and immediately enfuing, shall be kept and ufed for hire within the cities and limits aforesaid, fo that the number of all the laid chairs licenfed, or to be licenfed upon this or the said former

aft*

o.

1 ft. c.





Anjjo dccimo Ann,#. c. i,$.	1	*.

npt at any one tijne withio Of	Aft *PW laftr

mentioned, exceed three hundred, ftackney	CLLX.	And it is hereby enabled. That upon every one of

ffcw ffSW the laid licences tar any c£ the said chairs to he granted by this quarterly,	there	(hail he refierved the like yearly rent of ten (hillings,

do he ppid quarterly; and that the fame chairs, and the perfooa do he .fo Jioeafed for carrying or using the fame, (hall, in refpe& and to be Tub- faorepS^ have the fame rates and benefits, and be fubje# and jeft to the fame liable to ilie tame rules, penalties, makers, and things, as are ru^cs *s t^e by the laid former ad prescribed. in relation to the hackney omer^hackney Qfajgf Qr chairmen, which were thereby authorized to be li-Oflnfed » aod that all periont, who shall prelume to carry for hide io any hackney or common chair, any person or peifons fUtbtn the limits aforesaid, without such licence upon this or the Aid former *€t, shall he liable to (uch penalties as he, she, #r they would have incurred for using m unlicenfed chair, if this adfc had oot been made.

9 Ann*, c« 33. CLJL And whereas in and by the said 4ft made in the ninth year of Cards and dice her Maj/Jlfs reign ( amongfi ether things therein contained) it tads made before #u&ed, That from and after the eleventh day pf June, one thousand in the” hands*' few* hundred and eleven, during the term of thirty two years from of the makers, thuue next enfuing, there jhatt be rdfei and paid unto and for the to pay for evc-*feof her Majefly, her heirs and fucceffort, for all playing cards or ry pack one	which,	within	or during the fame term, should be made fit for

for^errepair ^ **	**	Great	Britain, or imported into the fame, the duties

J P foihmdng, (that is to fay) for every pad of such cards, the fum of fix pence, and for every pair of such dice, the fum of five/hillings .• Now tt as hereby eaa&cd Jby the authority aforesaid, That there shall be eaifed, levied, coUcded, and paid, to and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs pad fucceffors, for and upon all playing lands and dice which ,now remain unfold in the hands of any per (on .or persons trading or dealing therein, and which were aduaUy and completely made before thetwelfth day of June, in the year,of our JLord one thousand feven hundred and eleven, and for .which no duty charged by the fame former ad of parli« unseat hath been paid, the feveral and refpedive rates, duties, aadfums of money hereafter mentioned (that is to fay) for and upon .every -pack^ofinch cards, the fum of one half* penny, and for and upon-every pair of such dice, the fum of fix pence.

Such c^rd^aiui CLXd. And he it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, brought tcthe TJiat all such playing cards and dice as were made and finifheri ftamp office m Great Britain before the (aid twelfth day of June, one thou-Aug. food ieven hundred and eleven, fhall, before thefirft day of UIXJa fe. dugaft, ooeehoufand feven hundred and twelve, be brought to nwM<b>wc. |he £fid head office for marking and.ftamping of vellum, parch-pcot, and paper; and upon oath made that the fame were actually made and finiihed in Great Britain,beforc the said twelfth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven (which oath she oommffioners for the damp duties, .or any of them, or any officer or officers, by them or the major part of them, tfaereimto>to be appointed, is and are hereby impowered to ad-

miniftcr)





>7ii«l	Anno	decimo	Annje.	c.	ig.

385

xniniftcr) and upon payment of the duties hereby charged on tlie fame to the receiver general laft-nfentioncd, or his deputy or clerk, the fame commiffionert or their officers, shall caule such cards and dice as are laft-mentioned, to be fealed, marked or (lamped with such feal, mark, or damp as the fame commif-fionerS shall provide, to denote the duties hereby charged on such cards and dice, and which the fame commiffioners afe hereby authorized and required to provide accordingly; and that all playing cards and dice whidi shall not be brought to the (aid head office to be fealed, marked, and (lamped, as afore-faid, and for which the duties hereby charged, shall not be j>aid, and touching which such oath, as aforesaid, shall not be made before the said firft day of Auguft^ one thousand feven hundred and twelve, shall be adjudged and deemed to be eards and dice made fince the eleventh day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, and to be charged accordingly with the full duties impofed by the said former ad.

CLXII. And for the better fecuring her Majefty’s duties on No cards or playing cards and dice, and preventing the defrauding her Ma- dice to be iold jefty thereof, be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, or^d That from and after the firft day of Auguft, in the year of our before m^k-* Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve, during the con- ing, on penal* tinuance of thofe duties, no playing cards or dice shall be fold ty of 5I. or expofed to fale, or ufed in play in any publick gaming houfe, unlefs the paper and thread inclofing, or which shall have m~ clofed the fame, shall have been refpedively fealed and damped, or marked according to the said former ad in that behalf, and unlefs one of the cards of each pack or parcel of cards fo Ibid, shall be also marked or (lamped on the fpotted or painted ;fide thereof, with such mark or marks as the commiffioners for Ihe time being, appointed to manage the said damp duties,

(hall dired or appoint; upon pain that every person or persons 9 Anne, c.*j. who (hall, from and after that time, and during the continuance of the fame duties, fell or expofe to fale any such cards or dice which fhall not have been fo refpedively fealed, marked, and (lamped, as hereby, and by the former ad of parliament relating to the said duties, is refpedively required, shall forfeit for every pack or parcel of such cards, and every one of such dice fo fold or expofed to fale, the fum of five pounds, befides full cods of fuit, to be recovered and diftributed as the penalties relating to the growing duties impofed by the said former ad on cards and dice, are to be recovered and diftributed.

CLX1II. And it is hereby further enaded, That if any Counterfeiting person or persons shall at any time or times hereafter mark*, counterfeit or forge any feal, (lamp, or mark to refemble any feal, (lamp, or mark, which, in purfuance of the said former ad, hath been provided, or in purfuance of the fatne, or of this prdent ad, shall be provided, to denote the payment or charging of any the duties on cards or dice by this or the said former ad payable, or shall counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of the fame upon any card or dice, or any thread

or paper*inclofing any cards,- thereby to defraud her Majefty,  ;	C	c	her

her





g86 .	Anno	decimo	AnK-®.'	C.	19;	£1711.

her heirs or fucceflbrs, of any the said duties upon cards or dice, or shall utter, vend, or fell any cards or dice with such counterfeit fcal, (lamp or mark, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, or shall privately and fraudulently ufe any feal, ftartip or mark, provided and ufed, or to be provided and ufed in purfu-ance of this aft, or the said former aft, relating to the said duties upon cards and dice, fo as thereby to defraud her Majefty, Jier heirs or fucceflbrs, of any of the said duties upon cards or dice, then every such person fo offending, and being thereof convifted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy. Cards and dice CLXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the au-F*ajejnrScQt~ thority aforesaid, That all such cards and dice as were made in Tune i n to l^at Part Great Britain called Scotland, before the (aid twelfth be brought* to day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, {hall and the head office may, at any time before the said firft day of Auguji, one thou-at Edinburgh, fand feven hundred and twelve, be brought to the head office tufti i^to at Edinburgh^ appointed or to be appointed for collecting her be marked. Majefty’s (lamp duties there, and by him (lamped or marked with such refpeftive (lamps or marks as shall denote the refpec-tive duties hereby charged thereupon (which (lamps or marks the said commifiioners Tor managing her Majefty’s (lamp duties are hereby impowered and required to provide and fend to such officer or colleftor for that purpofe) upon oath taken, that such cards or dice were aftually made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, before the said twelfth day of Juw, one thousand feven"hundred and eleven, and upon payment of such refpeftive duties to such officer or colleftor, and that such cards or dice, being fo (lamped or marked, shall and may be fold, or cxpofed to (ale, or ufed in play; any thing herein contained -	. to the contrary notwithstanding.

Rents of hack-	CLXV. And it is hereby declared and enafted by the autho-

neychairs,and rity aforesaid. That all the monies to arife, as well by rents of du^S-oncard5	a^ditional	number	of hackney chairs, to be licenfcd in

oroDriatedaP" purfuance of this aft, as by the said duties for cards and dice p p * made before the twelfth day of June* one thousand feven hundred and eleven (the neceffary charges of raifing the fame excepted) shall be added to the funds lettlcd by the said aft of the 9 Anna, c. 13. ninth year of her Majefty’s reign, and applied towards the payment of the principal and interefl monies therein mentioned, in like manner, and under the like penalties as the other rents upon hackney chairs, and the growing duties upon cards and dice are hereby applicable and appropriated.

Perrons mak- CLXVI. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-ing cards, &c. faid. That from and after the twentieth day of A fay, one thou-in any place fand feven hundred and twelve, if any person whatfoever shall tlc^Tjifeit* ma^e> or cauk t0 be made, any cards or dice, in any houfe, cards and ma- room, or place, before he shall have given due notice of his or terials. her intention to make cards or dice in such houfe or place, ac-Fa> thcr provi- > cording to the form and effeft of the said former aft, such per-

^tbe de^nutdin^ ^on over anc* above penalties impofed by that aft,

* £jKau tng	forfeit

 L^OOQle

1711-3	Anno	ddcimo	Annje.	c.	19.	387

forfeit all the cards and dice, and all materials and utenfils for *bis duty, 6 making cards and dice, which shall be found in such houfe or £’eo* *• C,2I# place, or which shall have been made or manufactured there, ‘ 55' before such due notice lhall have been given; and that no nrta- Removing materials whatfoever begun to be wrought for or towards the mak- terials, torteitt ing of cards or dice, shall be removed from the place wherein ^y tlic the fame lhall have been fo begun to be wrought, until the fame shall have been completely made and worked into cards or dice, or the duties for the cards or dice therewith intended to be made, lhall be paid or fecured, upon pain that every person who lhall remove, or caufe or permit to be removed, any such materials, contrary to the true meaning hereof, lhall forfeit double the amount of the duty on the cards or dice, which might be made from or with such materials, with full colts of iuit.

CLX VII. And whereas by an act made in the third year of the Aft 3 Edw. 4^ reign of King Edward the Fourth, playing cards and dice are prohi- c. 4* to be in bited to be imported into England or Wales; be it declared and torcc* enafted by the authority aforesaid, That the said aft, and all matters therein contained, relating to the playing cards or dice,

(hall and do Hand and be in full force and effeft, and fo lhall be conltrued, deemed, and adjudged, as to every part of the kingdom of Great Britain; any thing in any other aft, touching the said duties on cards and dice, to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

GLXVIII. And to prevent the evading the payment of the Ivory, bone, said duties on dice by new inventions of any thing ufed or to be u^ed lor ufed in play inftead of dice; be it further declared and enafted ^ denned *° by the authority aforesaid, That all pieces of ivory, bone, or djcet other matter, made or ufed for any game or play, with any letters, figures, fpots, or other marks thereupon, to denote any chance or chances, are and lhall be conftrued, deemed, and adjudged to be dice, and to be charged accordingly with the foil duties on dice ; and if there shall be more than fix chances fig-nified on any one of such pieces of ivory, bone, or other matter, then such one piece lhall be and is hereby charged with the full duty of five (hillings payable for a pair of dice; and if there lhall be more than the number of chances ufually in a pair of dice, then such one piece lhall be and is hereby cnarged with a further duty, proportionate to the number of chances exceeding thofe of one pair of dice.

CLXIX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Officers may faid, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers thereunto appointed by the said commiffioners for the are ma(je> said ftamp duties, to enter into any houfe or place where cards or gaming-or dice are or lhall be made, fola, or expofed to fale, or fuf- houfes, on for-pefted to be privately made, or into any publick gaming-houfe, *clture lol# room, or place, and there to fearch and fee what quantity of cards or dice lhall be making, and whether the cards or dice fo fold, or expofed to fale, or fo ufed in play, be duly fenled, marked, and ftamped, according to the true meaning of this

I’c 2	aft.



3«S

Cards or dice may be re-moved without marking,

Anno decimo Anna. c. 191	[1711.

aft, and of the said former ad ; and if the owner or occupier of any hoyfe or place, where cards or dice are or shall be made, fold, or expofed to fale, or of any such publick gaming-houfe, as aforesaid, (hall, at any time or times, refufe entrance or liberty of fearch to such officer or officers, such owner or occupier (hall, for every such refufa1, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered and divided, as aforesaid.

CLXX. And for encouraging the exportation of cards and dice into foreign parts, be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to remove any cards

portation.

Such bonds entered into

in order to ex- *>r dice from the place where the fame are or shall be made, without fealing, marking, or (lamping the fame, or paying any the duties payable for the fame by this or any former aft of parliament; provided that within one month after the fame shall be made, and before the fame shall be fo removed from the place of making thereof, a bond be entred into to her Ma-jefty, her heirs or fucceflors, with fufficient furety or fureties, in a penal fum of double the duties on such cards or dice, with a condition for the exporting such cards or dice into fome part or port beyond the feas, within a time to be limited in such bond, and that the fame, or any of them, shall not be re-ejort	landed in any part of Great Britain, and that such bond be left

mtput in fuit 'n the hands ot the said commiffioners for the damp duties, and before April, a certificate be given by them, or such officer as (Kali be in that 2711, &c. are behalf appointed, that such bond is entred into with relation to <void, s^Geo. i- such cards or dice; anything in the said former aft for im-* ,9‘ ‘4 ’ pofing duties on cards and dice to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

CLXXI. Provided always. That such boards of cards as were aftually made in Great Britain, and printed or fpotted, JunT,Ai7ii,and rcacty t0 ^ cut into cards before the said twelfth day of to be charged June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, and whereof an only with one account has been already taken by the commiffioners for ma-halfpenny per naging the (lamp duties, or their officers, fhall be charged only ^ ’	after the rate of one halfpenny per pack 5 any thing in this aft,

or in the said former aft, for charging the duties on cards and dice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Juftices may CLXXII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore^ curdair^or^V	it	(hall	and may be lawful to and for any two or

turesTno^ex-1* more of the justices of the peace for the time being, redding ctedi’ng aol. near to the place where any pecuniary forfeitures, not exceeding twenty pounds upon this or any of the afts of parliament, touching any the duties under the management or care of the said commiffioners for managing herMajefty’s duties On ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be incurred, or any offence against any of the lame afts shall be committed, in any wife relating to the fame duties, or any of them, by which any fum of money only may be forfeited, to hear and determine the fame ; which fuid justices of the peace arc hereby 'authorized and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint

Boards ready to be cut into cards before

 C.00Qle

3*9

•1711*1	Anno	dccimo	Ann^. c. 19.

plaint made in that behalf, within one year after feizure made or such offence committed, to fumuion the party accufcd, and also the witnefles on either fide, and upon the appearance or contempt of the party accufed, shall be convicted of the offence ^Hedged against him, and to award and iflue out warrants 1 under their hands and feals, for levying any pecuniary penalties fo adjudged, on the good of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they fhould not be redeemed within.fix days, rendring to the party the overplus, if any j Party aggriev-and if any, party fhall find himfelf aggrieved, or remain unfa- *d may appeal tisfied in the judgment of the said juftices, then he or they 4uartcr fhall or may, by virtue of this ad, complain or appeal to theIcl on8‘ justices of the peace at the next general quarter feflions for that county, riding, or place, who are hereby impowered to fum* mon and examine witnefles upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, and in case of conviftion, to iflue warrants for levying the penalties, as aforesaid.

CLXXIII. Provided nevertheless, That it fhall and may be Juftices may lawful to and for the said refpeftive juftices, where they fhall m,tlgate Pe-fee caufe, to mitigate or leffen any iuch penalties, as they inn UC5, their difcretions fhall think fit, the reafonable cofts and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcovery, as in the profecution of the fame, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and fo as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to lefs than double the duties over and above the said cofts and charges ; any thing contained in this aft, or any other aft of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

, CLXXIV. Provided alfo, That no writ or writs of certiorari So writs of shall fuperfede execution, or other proceedings, upon any or- certiorari, der or orders made by the justices aforesaid, in purfuance of this aft; but that execution, and other proceedings, fhall be had and made thereupon; any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

CLXXV. And for the better afeertaining and fecuring her All books Majefty’s duties on calendars and almanacks, be it further de- ferving to the dared and enafted by the authority aforesaid, That all books purpofe of an and pamphlets, ferving chiefly to the pjirpofe of an almanack, ^ch^dw by whatsoever name or names entitled or deferibed, are and fuc^. s fhall be charged with thofe duties, by virtue of the aft in that cafe made in the firft feflion of this present parliament, but not with any of the duties charged by this aft on pamphlets or other printed papers; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXXVI. And whereas great lefs hath happened of the duties Claufe to pre-already laid upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and other in- ^cnt clan. " eonvenieneies daily grow, from clandejline marriages; for remedy ir^marnagc • thereof for the future, be it enafted by the authority aforesaid.

That every parfon, vicar, or curate, or other person in holy orders, beneficed or not beneficed, who fhall, after the four and twentieth day of Jync, one thoufarod feven hundred an4 .

C c 3	twelve,





39°	Anno dccimo Ann.®, c. 19.	{1711-

twelve, marry any person in any church or chapel, exempt or not exempt, or in any other place whatfoever, without publication of the banns ot matrimony between the refpeCtive parties according to law, or without licence firft had and obtained from the proper ordinary for the said marriage, shall for every such offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, wherein no effoin, prote&ion, or wager of law,' or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety thereof to the Queen, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall fue for the fame; and if such offender fhall be a prifoner in any prifon^or gaol (other than a county gaol) at the tiipe of such offence committed, and shall be duly convicted of such offence, by aCtion or information, as afore-faid, then upon oath made of such imprisonment before any judge of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, arid upon producing a copy of the record of such conviction, to be like-wife proved upon oath before the said judge (which oaths the said judge is hereby impowered to adminifter) the said judge is hereby required to grant his warrant to the keeper of the gaol or prifon where such offender is a prifoner (which warrant such keeper is hereby required to obey) to remove such offender to the gaol of that county where such offender is a prifoner, there to remain charged in execution with the penalty inflicted by this aCt, and with all and every the caufes of his former imprisonment ; and if any gaoler or keeper of any prifon fhall be privy to, or knowingly permit any marriage to be folemnized in his said prifon, before publication of banns, or licence obtained, as aforesaid, he shall for every such offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and diftributed, as aforesaid.

Salvo for^rch- CLXXVII. Saving nevertheless, to all archbilhops, bifhops, &c* archdeacons, and other ordinaries, their vicars general, com-jun die ion. mifl-aries, and officials, the free exeircife of all ecclefiaffical ju-rifdiCtion, and full power and authority of inflicting all such pains and cenfures for this or any other crime or crimes, as they might have done if this aCt had not been made.

Not to extend CLXX VIII. Provided always. That the said provifion for to Scotland, marriages do not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CLXXIX. And whereat it hat been found necejfary for difpatch in the (lamping or marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, to have feveral diet or Jlampt with the fame mark, type, and device on each of them, and denoting the fame duty; and it hat also been found ne-ctjfary to diftinguijh each of the said diet or Jlampt by feveral letters, mz. one feveral letter on each of them, whereupon fome doubt has anfen, whether in refpeft of the addition of such one letter, such mark, type, or device, be the very fame mark, type, or device, appointed, provided, or publijhed by proclamation, in purfuance of the act or aids in that behalf made, or any of them, as the mark> type

or





171 1.]	Annodecimo	Ann.®. C. 19.	391

ar device to denote Juch duty; in that refpeft^ whether such die or jlamp were a lawful die or Jlamp; be it therefore declared and further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That the said feveral piesforftamp-dies or (lamps, and the impreffions thereby made, and to be difin^uifhcd made (notwithllanding the addition of such letter) are and by inters, &c. shall be lawful marks and (lamps according to the refpedive to be deemed" ads of parliament in that behalf made \ and that all (lamps and lawful fhuaps. marks heretofore made or provided, and hereafter to be made or provided, in purfuance of this or any other ad or ads of parliament, shall (notwithllanding the addition of any letter or letters, or numerical figure or figures, to diftinguifh one die Qr flamp from another of the fame type or device, and denoting the fame duty) be to all intents and purpofes taken, adjudged, and deemed to be true and lawful (lamps or marks, and to be damps or marks duly made, provided, and ufed in purfuance o£ and according to the true intent of this ad, and other the refpedive ads of parliament in that behalf made.

CLXXX. And whereas fome doubt has arifen, whether the judges judi-judges are judicially to take notice of the proclamation ijfued by their daily to take late majejlies King William and Queen Mary, in purfuance of an »°tice of the 4ft made in the fifth year of their said Majejlies reign, intituled, ab^ut The °n An ad for granting to their Majefties feveral duties upon vellum, ftamps, &c. parchment and paper, for four years, towards carrying on the 5 & 6 w. 3c war againfl France; and of the types, marks, or Jlamps thereby M.c* publijbed j be it further declared and enaded by the authority aforesaid. That all courts of justice and judges whatfoever ought without any proof or allegation in that behalf, judicially to take notice of the said proclamation, and of all the types, marks, and (lamps thereby published, and which shall hereafter be publiflied by any proclamation of her Majefty, her heirs or fuc-ceffors, in purfuance of any ad or ads of parliament relating to the (lamp duties, or any of them, as and for the true and lawful types, marks, and (lamps made and provided, or to be made and provided, in purfuance of this and other the refpedive ads of parliament in that behalf made.

CLXXXI. And whereas by the feveral alls of parliament in that Commiflionerp # behalf made, the commiffioners for managing tkejaid duties on ftampt *?r damp du-vellum, parchment, and paper, are to hep their head office in fome theirTYado^ convenient place within the cities of London or Weftminfter; be it foe in any of further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That the commif- the inns of fioners for the time being, appointed to manage thofe duties, court, &c. may keep their head office for the fame duties, or any other duties under their care, in any convenient place in any part of the four inns of court, or of the parifhes of Saint Andrew Holborn,

Saint Clement Danes, Saint Paul Covent Garden, or Saint Giles in the Fields, although the fame be not within cither of thofe cities ; any thing in the said former ads, or any of them, to the contrary notwithllanding.

CLXXXII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- The commif-faid. That no commifiioncr, officer, or other person concerned fioners and or employed in the charging, colleding, receiving, or manag- SSSSSSthi*

C c 4	mgv y 4

^9*	Anno	decimo Anna. g. r$. A	[171	ts.

aa, not to ing any of the duties granted by this a&, (hall, by word* mefi* in'thSC^,C ^8^ or wriliog, w in any other manner, endeavour to pcr-witti c 10ns. fuajc any cledor to give, or diffuade any ekdtor from giving his vote for his choice of any person to be knight of the (hire, commiffioner, citizen, burgefs, or baron for any county,’ dry, borough, or cinque port; and every officer or other person offending therein, shall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds ; one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the poor of the pari(h or place where uich oflfence shall be committed \ to be recovered by any person that shall fue for the fame, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at fVejimrftcr3 or in the court of Exchequer in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in which no cnoin, protection, privilege, or wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed j and every person conviCt on any such fuit, shall thereby become difabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or place of truft whatsoever, under her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors.

EXP*	Several benefit tickets in the late lotteries, not being yet adjufted, prefent

managers may fettle the fame before *5 Dec. 171*. Where Exchequer bills or lottery tickets have been loft, on oath before the barons ot the Exchequer, See. officers to iflue new ones. See.

Claufe for bor- CLXXXV. And whereas by the aft of parliament made in the iipon ftock,1Cy nint^ year °f. Majeftfs reign (amongfl other things) for making (part ot the S°°d deficiencies') and fattsfying publick debts, it was provided, That capital of the feveral Jhares or parts of the capital flock of the corporation winch was South Sea to be erefted, in purfuance of that aft, and is Jime erefted by the the ufe'of th* name °f &overnor and company of merchants of Great Britain publick.0 C tiding to the South Seas, and other pasts of America, and for encouraging the fijhery, should be afeertainod, and be difpofed end dif-pofable for the ufe of the publick, in such manner ana form, And by such feveral ways and means as in the said aft are expreffed in that behalf and as by the fame may more at large appear; be it further enaaed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may b$ lawful to and for the refpedtive treafurers of the navy and ordnance, and the refpe&ive paymafters of the guards, garrifohs, and land forces, for the time being, or any other officers or persons who are or shall be intitled to any parts or (hares of the (aid capital (lock, for the publick ufe and benefit (not being ab-folutely fold, applied, or difpofed for fome of the publick nies By ii Ann*, in that a£fc mentioned) from time to time, by any warrant or flat. i. c. if*? warrants in writing from the high treafurer of Great Britain^ Z%cL now being> or high treafurer of Great Britain', or any three or more of the comroiffioners of the treafuiy for the time being (and not otherwise) to borrow any fum or (urns of money from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who are or shall be willing to advance or lend the fapie, upon credit of the said publick (lock, or any part thereof, and to allow intereft, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum for the forbearance thereof, to be paid every

three



ryu-] Anno decima Ankje.c. 20,21.’	393

three months from the refpedHve times of making such loans or advances, until the refpedive times of repayment of the principal monies 5 and to affign, mortgage, and transfer such re-fpcdlive fharesof the said ftock, whereupon such fums of money iliall be agreed to be fa lent, to the re(pe<£Hve lender* thereof, or such as they feverally and refpetfively shall appoint, and to their executors, administrators, fucceflors, and affigns refpedtively, upon such conditions of redemption, and under such agreements for the fate of the ftock fo mortgaged, for mfaking default in the repayment of the monies to be borrowed thereupon, or for nonpayment of the intereft thereof, and fubjeft to such other conditions, and in such manner and form, as in such warrant and warrants refpe&ively fhall be preferibed in that behalf.

CLXXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That Money fobor-all the money which fhall be borrowed upon the credit of such appi^d^, the ftock, as afbrefaid, fhall be applied and difpofed by the said ufe of the treafurers, paymafters, or others refpedfively chargeable there- publick. with, to such publick ufes whereunto the said ftock fo to be mortgaged would have been applicable by or in purfuance of the said a<ft, if no such mortgage, aflignment, or transfer had been made, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; and that the said treafurers, paymafters, and other officers, who Ihall borrow the said monies, as aforesaid, fhall be anfwerable for the application thereof accordingly ; and that the said company fhaJl not be refponfible for permitting the ftock to be fo transferred, as if the fame were unduly transferred; and that the lenders of such money fhall not be chargeable with the application thereof to the said ufes.

CAP. XX.

An act for the relief of insolvent debtors, by obliging their creditors to accept the utmost satisfaction they are capable to make, and restoring them to their liberty. [EXP]

CAP. XXL

An a& to prevent abufes in making linen cloth, and regulate ing the lengths, breadths, and equal forting of yarn% for each piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the fame.

WHEREAS divers abufes and deceits have of late years been ufed in the manufactures of linen cloth in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, with refpefi to the lengths, breadths, and unequal Jgrting of yarn,, which tends to the great debafmg and undervaluing of the said linen chtby both at home and in foreign parts9 where the said cloths are vended: for remedy whereof, be it epad- The lengths ed by the Queen’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the ad- a"d ^rca<,th* vice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-mons, in this present parliament aflcmbled, and by authority iand. of the fame, That from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thouiand feven hundred and twelve, all forts of linen cloth made in Scotland, fbali be made of well foxted yarn for each piece, and equally

wrought

394	Anno decimo Anjub. c. ai.	[1711.

Domic k, &e. wrought and fine from the one end of the piece to the other;

tn S^J'j	all linen cloth be made by. the ftandard yard wand, of

for £Ann r^e	and breadths following, each piece of linen doth,

fiat. 2.C.2Q. commonly called Saint JobnJlons cloth, when brown or green, and all other plain, brown, or green linen cloth made for whitening, shall be made full yard and nail, or full three quarters of a yard and nail, that when whitened, it may be full yard or full three quarters of a yard in breadth; and that all other forts of plain linen cloth, whether white, brown, or green, fhail be full yard, or full three quarters of a yard in breadth ; and every such piece of plain, brown, or green linen cloth, shall be ia length eighty four yards, the half piece forty two yards, the quarter piece one and twenty yards; and every piece of plain white linen cloth shall be in length forty yards, the half piece twenty yards; and all linen checks shall be made yard and half a quarter or full Yard, or full three quarters of a yard in breadth; and all ftriped linen cloth fhail be made full yard and quarter, or frill yard, or full three quarters of a yard in breadth; and all linen for neckcloths shall be made, the piece to contain twelve neckcloths, the half piece to contain fix neckcloths; and all (brtsof ticking fhaU be made full yard, or full three quarters of a yard in breadth; and that all white, brown,* or green linen cloth whatfoever shall be fold in that part aforesaid, in the water-foukl, or in foulds of one yard or half yard in each fould of length, and not rolled or battered.

Penalty on II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any weavers, See. weaver, or other perfoo, (hall, from and after the said nine and do^ other-n twent*e*h day of September, make, or caufie to be made any of wife than ac- the aforesaid linen cloth, otherways than according to the recording to the fpe&ive lengths and breadths aforesaid, and with well forted aforesaid	yarn, and equally wrought and fine, from the one end of the

breadths!11	piece t0 ^ other> every such person or persons fo offending

and being thereof convidted by the oath of any overfeer or fearch-er of linen cloth, appointed or to be appointed within the feve-ral boroughs royal, counties, ftewartries, boroughs of regality and barony, in that part of Great Britain aforesaid, or by the oath of two or more credible witnefles before any juftiCe or justices of the peace, magiftrate or magiftrates, or other judge or judges competent within their refpedtive jurifdidtions (which oath they or any of them are hereby impowered to adminifter) (hall, for every inch the said refpective linen cloth, shall be lefs than the said refpedtive breadths, and for every half a quarter, the three quarters yard and nail plain cloth, shall exceed the said breadths, forfeit the fum of five (hillings Sterling; and for every yard, the said refpedtive white, brown, or green plain linen cloth shall be lefs in length than the said respective lengths, shall forfeit the like fum of five (hillings fteriing; and for every piece of all forts of linen cloth whatfoever, that is not made or well forted yarn, andl equally wrought and fine, from the one end of the piece to the other, shall forfeit the fum of five (hillings fteriing; and if any person or persons shall buy or ex-

pofo

I7H-] Anno dccimo Annjb, c.2f.	395

pofc to fale, or bring to any town or place, in order for fale, any of the aforesaid cloth, in that part aforesaid, not being made of well forted yam, equally wrought and fine, from the one end of each piece to the other, and of the lengths, breadths, and fouldings aforesaid, and such person or persons fo offending, and being thereof convidled in any time not exceeding fix month s after the time of fale, or expofing the fame to fale, shall forfeit for each piece the fum of five (hillings fterling.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That owners of li-cvery owner or owners of all forts of linen cloth whatloever nen cloth, be-made in Scotland, before expofing the fame to fale, shall bring for® t.hey ex* the fame to any borough royal, town, or place where (lamps are appointed, or to be appointed and kept, an(J there receive the to be ftampt, ftamp of the borough, town, or place ; for the which (lamp the on forfeiture ftamp mailer shall be paid for each piece of all forts of linen jf 5 s- derUng cloth, the fum of one penny, the half piece halfpenny, thetorcac plccc* quarter piece one farthing, and no more; and if any person or

perfons shall expofe to fale, or carry to the water-fide, in order for exporting or tranfporting any of the aforesaid lindn cloth, after the said nine and twentieth day of September, in or from any borough, town, or place in Scotland, before the damp is affixed thereto, or is not made, as aforesaid, such person or per-fons fo offending, and being thereof convidled, as aforesaid, shall forfeit for each piece the fum of five (hillings (lerling.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That Magiftrates to

the magiffrates of each borough royal in Scotland, shall be and damps are hereby impowered and appointed, from time to time, to d a™jCn*t caufe make a (lamp or damps bearing the arms of the refpedlive perfonsfor boroughs, and to appoint a fit person or persons for infpedting Ramping, who and damping all linen cloth brought to be damped, being of b.e f^ora the lengths, breadths, and qualities aforesaid 5 which person or persons fo nominated, shall before his or their admiffion to that

office of damp mader, be obliged to take an oath de fidelx> and likewife find furety for the faithful adminidration and execution pf his office, for such fum of money as the said magidrates shall appoint; and in like manner, the judices of the peace in their refpedlive counties and dewartries, shall be and are hereby im- • powered atid ordained, from time to time, at their quarterly Judices of the feffions in Scotland, to appoint a damp or damps to be made and fhHik^at0 kept at fome proper place or places where linen cloth is fold, their quarter within their refpedlive counties, as their )udices of the peace feffions.

(hall think proper; and the said judices of the peace are hereby impowered and ordained to nominate and appoint a qualified person or persons for damping of linen cloth* brought to be dampt within their refpedlive counties and dewartries aforesaid; who shall be obliged in like manner to take an oath de fideli, and Stamp mailer likewife find such furety for the faithful adminidration and ex- Jyj Jnbifinen ecution of his office, for such fum of money as the said judices doth^nor*1 ** of the peace shall appoint; and that no damp-mader (hall, for ftamp any not himfelf, or any other person or persons, buy or difpofe of any made of well linen doth, direct or indirect, or shall damp any linen that is

not of 5 s. per

Anno decimo ANN&. c.:i.

f 1711

pnfonraent if lflfolyent.

Ufing lime or

piece, and dif- not made of well forted yam, equally wrought, and of eqtn! abled.	finenefs	from	the	one	end	of	the	piece	to the other, and of the

breadths and fouldings afbrefaid (and not rolled or battered) Ik or they fo negle&ing or offending, (hah forfeit for each piece c* linen cloth the fum of five (hillings fterling, and made ibcapabk Buying or ex-ferving in any such office for the future; and if arty period porting before or persons in that part of Great Britain aforesaid, (ball buy, ex-ftamped for- port, or tranfport, or carry to the water-fide, m order to beex-pi<»e5 8 PCF P?rted or tranfported, any linen cloth of Scotland? after the bid Counterfeit- n*nc *od twentieth day of September? before the ftatnp be fixed, jpg itamp?, as aforesaid, he or they fo offending, and being thereof convk-torfeits $pl or ted in Scotland, shall for each piece of linen cloth whatfoever, a year s ipi- ^ forfeit the fum of five (hillings fterling ; and if any person or persons shall affix or counterfeit any (lamp without the authority aforesaid, such person or persons fo offending, fhaH forfeit relpedttvely the fum of fifty pounds fterling, or one year’s im-prjfonment if found insolvent.

V.	And whereas fundry persons of late years have made ufe of Ban pidgeonsdung ^ pjdgeons dung for bleeching and whitening linen cloth, to the great forfeit^o^* prejudice of the said cloth; for preventing whereof, beitena&ed fterling tor	by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons (half,

each piece.	after the said nine and twentieth day ot September, make ufe of

any lime or pidgeons dung, for whitening or blcechiog any fort of linen cloth, and being thereof convicted by the oath or two or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or by the oath of the offender or offenders, and before any judge or judges competent within their refpedfive jurifdi&ions, in that part or Great Britain aforesaid, such person or persons fo offending, and bang thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall forfeit for each piece of linen fo bleeched or whitened, the fum of twenty (hillings fterling ; and if any offender or offenders shall after being convidfced within Scotland? and shall refufe and negledfc to pay any forfeiture incurred by reason of this adl, then it shall and may be lawful for the magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or justices or the peace, ur judges competent, before whom such convidtion shall be made, as aforesaid, and such magiftrate or magiftrates, justice or justices of the peace, or judges competent, are hereby impowered and required to iflue out one or more warrants, under his or their hands and feals, to the conftable or conftables, officer or officers of the town or place where such offender doth inhabit or can be found, within the limits of their refpedtive jurifdidtions, to levy the fame by diftrels and fale of the offender’s goods, returning the overplus, if any be, to the offender, and where no fufticietit diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender to the houfe of corredtion, or gaol of the borough, town, or county, to be kept at hard labour for such time as the judge or judges, before whom such convidlion is made, shall diredt, not exceeding twelve months; and all forfeitures and penalties that shall be recovered in that part of Great Britain aforesaid, by reason of this a<2, shall be the qne half fo the iaformep who dull fqe for and recover the

feme,

Forfeitures, how to be re. covered and difpoied.





*7* *•]	Anno	decimo Ann je. c. 2*.	397

fame, the other half far the poor of the pariftl where the offence is committed.

VI.	Provided always. That all linen cloth which shall be Linen cloth

made in Scotland at any time before the said nine and twentieth	°r*2

day of September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one may be folder thousand fcven hundred and twelve, shall and may be fold, ex- enported be-ported, or tranfported, as the owner or owners of the said linen fore 15 May, doth shall judge proper, at any time or times before the fifteenth 171*

day of Mdfj which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirteen ; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always. That all retailers, or reputed retailers. Pedlars may

and pedlars, may retail any fort of linen cloth, being made of retail linen, the breadths, well farted yam, and equally wrought and fine in	and

each piece, and having always the damp affixed thereunto; any ftamped^&c. thing in this adl contained to the contrary notwithstanding.	*

CAP. XXII.

An act for the relief of merchants importing prize goods from America.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the ninth year 9A1111.C. *7.

of her present Majeftfs reign, intituled, An adt for the encouragement of the trade to America, it is among other things en-afted, That all prize goods and commodities which, after thefir ft day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, flail be imported into any of the ports of Great Britain, Jhall be fubjeft and liable to the payment of the fame duties as thofe goods and commodities would have paid in cafe they had not been prize: and whereas before the making the said aft, prize goods, being of the growth and produce of foreign plantations not belonging to her Majejly or her fubjefts, ivere fubjeft upon their importation into Great Britain, to pay only such duties and cujloms as were payable on the feventeenth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and three, for the like goods of eke produce of her Majejly*s plantations imported oy English flipping: and whereas feveral confiderable quantities of prize cocoa, fugars, indigo, and other prize goods, of the growth and produce of such foreign plantations, have been already imported into this kingdom, and are now in feveral warehoufes under the f^ueetfs locks, and other quantities of the like goods are on board divers flips or vejfels, now imported, and more are daily expefted, and if the fame flould tay the duties they were to pay in cafe they had not been prize, the fame will not be worth freight, cuftom, and charges ; which will be not only a great loss and detriment to the importers thereof, but also a great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of tl*c fame, That all cocoa, fugars, indigo, and othergood$, taken and condemned as prize goods, of the growth and produce forcSn plar^. of such foreign plantations, which are already imported into this-tations/

kingdom of Great Britain, or shall at any time hereafter, before brought into

Great Britain

398	Anno	ctechno	Anna.	C.	23.	[1711.

before a 9May, the twenty ninth day of May, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, be imported into the said kingdom, or which now art des^a^thof^of *n any warehoufes under the Queen’s locks, or on board any (hip the growth of or (hips, veflel or veflels, now imported, having certificates to plantations be- prove the fame prize goods, shall befubjeft and liable to pay on-longing to the \y fucjj dirties and cuftoms as the fame would hate psrid if the crown.	gQOds	had	been of the growth and produce of the plantations, islands, or colonies in America, belonging to the crown of Great Britain.

Prize goods of H. And be it further enacted, That all prize goods, being of fuch^ore^n^ ^ growth aru* produce of such foreign plantations, which shall plantation^!1 at anY ^me a^ter twenty ninth day of May, one thousand imported after feven hundred and twelve, be imported into any part of Great *9 May, 1712. Britain, from any of the plantations, islands, or colonies in f^om any America aforesaid, upon producing a certificate under the hand tionf in'A me- an<* ^ °f the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer at / rica, on pro- the port or place where such goods were imbarked or put on during a cer- board in America, are the fame goods as were condemned in the nate* ^c* high court of admiralty within such plantation, ifland, or colony duties oynly as in A aforesaid, as shall appear to the said colle&or, comp-if they had troller, or other chief officer there, by affidavit made by the been of the person or persons exporting such prize goods, and also an af-gr??*h fidavit made before the proper officer of the cuftoms of such port dons. P anta or P*ace *n this kingdom where the said goods shall be import-Prize cocoa «d, by the mafter, or purfer, or other person commanding the from the plan- (hip or veflel importing the fame, that the goods fo imported *attf**s\horw. are the fame goods for whicli the said certificate was made by a°o Anna; t^le c°Me<^or> comptroller, or other chief officer in America, as c. a6.f 113. aforesaid, shall be fubje<ft and liable to, and shall pay such duties only in Great Britain, as in cafe they had been of the growth and produce of the plantations, islands, or colonies in America, belonging to the crown of Great Britain ; any thing in the said '	recited arf, or any other a<ft, or any ufage or cuftom, to the

Contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the more effeftual preventing fraudulent conveyances, in order to multiply votes for elefting knights of Jbires to ferve in parliament.

7	& S W. 3. TT7H ERE AS by aria ft of parliament made in the feventh year of c* *5-	V V the reign of his late majejly King William the Third, inti-

tuled, An a<ft for the further regulating elections of members to ferve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs and other officers in the ele&ing and returning such members, it is, amongfl other things, enafted. That all conveyances of any mejfuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in any county, city, borough, town corporate, port, or place, in order to multiply voices, or to fplit and divide the inter eft in any honfes or lands amongft feveral perfons, to enable them to vote at eleftions of members to ferve in parliament, /ball be void and of none ejfeft and that no mere them

one



1711.]	Annd depimo Annm. c.23;	399

ane Jingle voice Jhatt be admitted for one and the fame houfe and tenement: and whereas (notwithjlanding this provifton to the contrary) many fraudulent and fcandalous practices have been ufed of late to create and multiply votes at the election of knights of the /hire to ferve in parliament, to the great abufe of the antient law and cufiom of that part of Great Britain called England* to the great injury of thofe persons who have juft right to ele£t y and in prejudice of the freedom cf such eleftions; therefore for the more efle&ual preventing of such undue pra&ices, be it enadted by the Queen’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefenf parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all estates and conveyances whatfoever made to any person or persons in len^y made to any fraudulent or collufive manner, on purpofe to qualify him qualify any or them to give his or their vote or votes at such elections of person to vote

knights of the lhire (fubje& nevertheless to conditions or agree-	to

__ ®	_ 1 r ^	\ J	^	conditions.to

ments to defeat or determine such eftate, or to re-convey the defeat thcv

fame) fliall be deemed and taken, against thofe persons who ex- fame) fliall be ecuted the fame, as free and abfolute, and be holden and en- discharged of joyed by all and every such person or persons to whom such con-veyance fliall be made, as aforesaid, freely and abfolutely ac- 10X1S, quitted, exonerated, and discharged, of ana from all manner of trufts, conditions, claufes of re-entry, powers of revocation, provisoes of redemption, or other defeazances whatfoever, between or with the said parties, or any other person or persons in truft for them$ and that all bonds, covenants, collateral or other And all bonds, fecurities, contra&s or agreements, between or with the said &c.forde-parties, or any other person or persons in truft for them, or any efote ^aUbe of them, for the redeeming, revoking, or defeating such eftate void. or eftates, or for the reftoring, or reconveying thereof, or any part thereof, to any person or persons who made or executed ftich conveyance, or to any other person or persons in truft for iliepn, or any pf them, shall be null and void to all intents and ptrrpofes whatfoever $ and that every person who shall make and Perfons mak-execute such conveyance or conveyances, as aforesaid, or being ing, &c. such privy to such purpofe, shall devife or prepare the fame, and every conveyance, person who, by colour thereof, shall give any vote at any elec- coio^T&reof tion of any knight or knights of a (hire to ferve in parliament, (hail, for every (hall, for every such conveyance fo made, or vote fo created or fucbpffence, given, forfeit the fum of forty pounds to any person who (hall*0,feit gillie for the fame, to be recovered, together with full coftsof fuit, by a<ftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of \yu Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, wherein no effoin, pfit vilege, protetftion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fliall be admitted or allowed.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That After i May, from and after the firft day of May, which shall be in the year fJ^ihaH^vote of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve, no person foraknightof fliall vote for the electing of any knight of a (hire within that a (hire, in part of Great Britain called England, in refpect or irt right of any right of Linds lands or tenements which have not been charged or afleffed to 2	the





400

charged to publick taxes, &c. and for which such person has not received the rents for one year before; tmlefs such lands came to him by de-fcent, &c.

*tbis clause explained 12 Anna;, flat, i. c. 5. on penalty of 40I.

18 Geo. a.c.n.

Anno decitno Ann.®. G. 23.



The oath required by the aft 7 W. 3. c. 25. repealed.

Freeholders to be fworn;

the publick taxes, church rates, and paii(h duties, in such proportion as other lands or tenements of forty (hillingsper annum, within the fame pariih or townlhip where the fame shall lie or be, are ufually charged, and for which such person shall not have received the rents or profits, or be entitled to have received the fame, to the full value of forty (hillings, or more, to his own ufe, for one year before such election, unlefs such lands or tenements came to such person within the time aforesaid by de-fcent, marriage, marriage fettlemeot, devife, or prefentation to fome benefice in the church, or by promotion to fome office unto which such freehold is affixed; and if any person shall vote in any such election, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, he (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the fum of forty pounds ; one moiety thereof to the poor of the p^rifh or parifhes where the lands or tenements lie, for which such person shall vote, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall fue for the fame, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejl-minfler, wherein no effoin, privilege, proteftion, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

III.	And whereas by the above recited aft, it is also further en~ afted. That upon every eleftion to be made of any knight or knights of the /hire to ferae in parliament, every freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at the fame eleftion, fhall (if required by the candidates, or any of them) firfl take the oath therein after mentioned \ be it enafted by the authority aforesaid,. That the said aft, as to fo much only as concerns the said oath, shall be and is hereby re-pealed.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That upon every eleftion to be made of any knight or knights of a fhire within that part of Great Britain called England, to ferv$ in parliament, everv freeholder, before he is admitted to poll^ the fame eleftion, (nail (if required by the candidates, oranvq^ them, or any other person having a right to vote at such election, fifrft take the oath following, viz.

YO U fhall fwear, That you are a freeholder in the county of

and have freehold lands or hereditaments

irw	- ,	.	/ .	_

x8G«o.2.c.i8. tying or being at	in the county of

of the yearly value of forty /hillings above all charges payable out of the fame; and that such freehold eflate hath not been made or granted to.you fraudulently, on purpofe to qualify you to give your vote ; and that the place of your abode is at	in

and that you have not been polled before at this eleftion*

Their oath. Another oath

Tobeadmini- Which oath the (heriff, by himfelf, his under fheriff, or such fwlff y&cC fworn c^er^ or c^er^s (as	he by him appointed for the tak-

frecholder*	*ng the poll, purfuant to the said recited aft) is hereby required

committing to adminiftcr; and in cafe any freeholder, or other perfon, tak-wilful perjury, ing the said oath hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful ?ufflfhland corrul)t perjury, be thereof convifted, or if any per-



iyir.] Anno dedmo Anna. C.	40*

fon do unlawfully and corruptly procure or fubom any freeholder, f° to do, (halt or other perfon, to take the said oath, in order to be polled,	P®*

whereby he shall commit such wilful and corrupt perjury, and ”aEtiz.°c,o# lhall be thereof convilied, he and they, for every such offence,

(hall incur the like pains and penalties as are in and by one all of parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An act for punijbment of such per font as Jhall procure or commit any wilful perjury, enalted against all such who lhall commit wilful perjury, or iuborn or procure any person to commit any unlawful or corrupt perjury contrary to the said alt.

V.	And the better to detelt and punifh any offenders against The eleaor1* this alt, be it enalted by the authority aforesaid, That in tak- name, &c, to , ing the poll, the Iheriff, or his under (heriff, and clerks, lhall bc cntred, enter not only the place of the eleltor’s freehold, but also the

place of his abode, as he shall declare the fame at the time of

the giving his vote, and fhall also make or enter Jurat againft

the name of every such voter who lhall be tendred and take the

oath hereby required ; and that the said (heriff, or returning

officer, (hall, within the fpace of twenty days next after fuch

eleltion, faithfully deliver over upon oath (which oath the two

next justices of the peace, one of whom to be of the Quorum^ P°U books to

are hereby'enabled and required to adminifter) unto theclerk of {^^^vered

the peace of the fame county, all the poll books of such refpec- the clerk of°

tive elellions, without any imbezilment or alteration; and in the peace to

fuch counties where there are more than one clerk of the peace, be kept among

then the original poll books to one of such clerks of the peace,

and attefted copies thereof to the reft, to be carefully kept and c c ns*

preferved among the records of the feflions of the peace of and

for the said county.

VI.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid. Sheriff of That the (heriff of the county of York, for the time being, lhall

be and is hereby required to appoint feven convenient tables or tablelTforVCa places for taking the poll of the said county upon any new elec- taking the tion of a knight or knights of the (hire for the said county, at PolU at the the proper cofts and charges of the candidates for the fame, to coft* Jhe continue till the poll be concluded	•	candidates

VII.	And be it further enaHed by the authority aforesaid, sheriffofChe-That the (heriff of the county palatine of Chefler for the time (hire to do the being, against every eleltion of a knight or knights of the (hire like.

to ferve in parliament for the said county, shall and is hereby required to caufe feven convenient tables or places, and no more, t(^be made at the cofts and charges of the candidates, within the (hire hall of the said county, for taking the poll at such eleltions, that is to fay, two at the upper end, two at each fide, and one at the lower end of the said hall, and shall at such place take the poll at such eleltions till the fame be concluded.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enalted by the authority a- Quakers de-forefaid. That if any person being a Quaker, during the conti- cknmjthetf-nuance of an alt paued in the feventh year of his late Majefty’s ^tho/their reign, intituled. An aft that the folemn affirmation and declaration affirmation, as

Vol. XII.	D d	of



402

directed by ?&8 W. 3. Cv 34. shall be

admitted t& ?<fce.

Anno dccimo Ann-®. 0.24,25.	£1 711.

«/* the people ^////Quakers, /hall be accepted inflead of an oath in the ufual form, shall upon fiich eleftion, as rforefai<f,'if required by the candidates, or any of them,- declare the effedfc of the said oath upon his foletnn affirmation,* in fueh manner and form as is directed by the fold aft of parliament made in the feventh year of the reign of his late majesty King William the T*hh*d, intituled, An act that the folerrm affirmation and declaration of th people called Quakers, /hall be accepted inftedd of an oath in the ujuu. form ; every such Quaker shall be capable and admitted to give his vote for the election of any such member, as aforesaid, to ferve in the houfe of commons within that part of Great Britain called England$ and every (herlrF, by himfelf, or such his proper officer, as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and required to accept such affirmation inftead of the said oath, and shall also make or enter Affirmat against the name of every such Quaker; arid in cafe And affirming any such Quaker shall be convifted, wilfally,falfly and corrupt-any thing falfe jy to ilave affirmed oi* declared any matter drilling, which, if penalties^- ^ame had been in the ufual form, would have amounted to fore enacted wilful and corrupt perjury, every such Quaker fo offending, fhaH against per- incur the fame penalties and forfeitures as are herein before en-iury*	afted	againft persons convifted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

CAP. XXIV.

1* & 1-1 W x An ^or Pro'onS^nS term f°r Payment of certain duties granted by c# q	an act made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of his late majesty King

4Annse c 8 William, intituled, An ad for recovering, Jecunmg, and keeping in repeat 1	the harbour of Minehead, for the benefit and fupport of the navigation eaU

trade of this kingdom.

The ancient ufage mentioned in the recited aft, and the duties,* Scc, thereby laid on goods, See. after June 24, 1701. shall from thence be continued for 16 years, and be levied, &c. as in the said aft is direfted. Truftees appointed to put this and the former aft in execution. A lantern to be hxed at the key-head of the new work, and lights burnt therein between Sept. r. and March 31. Goods (hipped within the liber, ty. See. shall pay the duties. Goods (hipped or discharged at Blue Anchor, See, chargeable with the fame duties as if they had been (hipped, See. within the harbour of Watchett. Claufe for repairing the highways from Birdlipp and top of Crickley Hills to Glouceller city. Nothing in thefe acts shall give power to demand the arrears of 6 d. per pound granted by the former aft, other than what was in the colleftors hands before 17 March, 1711. Continued by 7 Geo. 1. c. 14.

CAP. XXV.

An act for raifing the militia for they tar one thou fund fevex hundred and twelve, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid: and forreftifyinga miftake in an aS paged this fegton of parliament, ,An act for punifhing mutiny and defertion and falfe mufters, and for the better payment of the army and quarters : and for taking accounts of trophy money formerly raged and collefted.

IAntenants, IV. AND be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, &c. fliall not i\ That the said lieutenants or their deputies (halt not for raffing1*1* *^"ue out warrants for the raifjng any trophy money, till the

6	juftices



1711.J Atino decimo ANN-ffi. c. 26s	403

jnflicesof the peace, or the major part of such juftices, at their trophy money# fcveral and refpe&ivc general quarter feflions for their refpedive Marten CC* counties, ridings, divifions, and places, shall have examined, f^onshave ftated, and allowed the accounts of the trophy money laftraifed, allowed the levied, and collected for any preceding year, and certified such accounts of examination of the said accounts under the hands and feals of	,

three or more of such justices to the said refpedtive lieutenants cedUigywxl or their deputies.

CAP. XXVI.

An aB for laying additional duties on bides and Jkins, vellum and parchment, and new duties on flarch, coffee, tea, drugs, gilt and filver wire, and policies of infurance, to fecure a yearly fund for fatisfaBion of orders to the contributors of a further fwn of one million eight hundred tboufand pound? towards her Majefty* s fupply •, and for the better fecuring the duties on candles \ and for obviating doubts concerning certain payments in Scotland •, and for fuppreffng unlawful lotteries, and other devices of the fame kind \ and concerning cake fope-y and for relief of Mary Ravenall, in relation to an annuity of eighteen pounds per annum; and concerning prize cocoa nuts brought from America 5 and certain tickets which were intended to be fubferibed into the flock of the South Sea company \ and for appropriating the monies granted in this feffton of parliament.

MOST gracious Sovereign, We your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjetfs, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being fully refolved to furnifh such fup-

J>lies as may be neceflary for defraying the expences of the pre-ent war* and other your Majefty’s extraordinary and important occafions, have, for thofe ends and purpofes, chearfully and unanimouily given and granted, and do by this adt give and, grant to your Majefty the feveral and refpedtive additional rate9 and new duties for and upon all such (kins and hides, and pieces of (kins and hides, made wares, vellum, and parchment, (larch, coffee, tea, drugs, gilt and filver wire, policies of a(Turance, and such other matters and things as are herein after more particu-t larly deferibed and mentioned, for and during such feveral and refpe&iveterm and terms of years, and in such manner and form as are herein after expreffed ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled, and be it enadled by the Queen’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That New duties on there shall be raifed, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the leather. See. ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon such sported, for fklns and hides, and pieces of fkins and hides, and for and up-on such made wares, herein after particularly deferibed and men- Madfperpmd tioned, as shall at any time or times within or during the term by 3 Geo. u

D d 2	0f	c. 7. £ >•

404	Afino	decimo Anhje. c* 26,	£1711*:

at thirty two years, to be reckoned frofti the firft day of Augufl* one thousand feven hundred and twelve, be imported or brought into the kingdotn of Great' Britain (over and above ail other cuftoms, fubfidics, and duties, by any adt or a6ts of parliament or law whatfoever, impofed upon or payable for the lame) the feveral and refpedive additional rates or new duties herein after exprefled; that is to fay,

Deer (kins*

Loftiee, buffalo, Sec.

Ruffia hides* Calve (kins*

Hor/e hides.

Hides of fleers, &c.

Cdvefldnsj&c

Slinks,.

Tfog skins.

Cordivants.

For and upon all deer (kins, which shall be imported or thought in* as aforesaid, being drefled in oil or allom, or ether-wife perfectly drefled, the fum of three pence for every pound weight averdupois, and after that rate for a gfeater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all lo(hee, buffalo, elk, or any other hides, dreifed in oil, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fum of three pence for every such pound weight* and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all Rujjia hides, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fum of one penny for every such pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all other tanned hides and tahned calve fkins. Which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid (not before in this aeft fpecially charged) the fum of two pence for every pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity. , For and upon all hides of horfes, mares, and geldings, which (Itall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed, the ium of one (hillingper hide, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and upon all hides of fleers, cows, or any other hides of what kind foever (thofe of horfes, mares, and geldings excepted) which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being dref-fed in allom and lalt, or meal, or otherwise tawed, the fum of one fhiliing and fix pence for every hide, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and upon all calve (kins and kips, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being drefled in allom and (alt, or meal, or otherwise tawed, the fum of one penny half penny for every pound weight averdupois, arid after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all (link calve fkins, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, drefled in allom and fait, or other-wife, with the hair on, the fum of one penny for every pound weight averdupois; and for all (link calve (kins which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, drefled in allom and fait, or otherwise, without the hair, and for all dog (kins fo drefled, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fum of one half penny for every such pound weight, and after thofe rates for *ny greater or lefler quantities.

For all (kins commonly called cordivants, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the fum of four lhillings for 2	every



tji i.] Anno decimo Ann^e. c. 26.	405

every dozen, and after that rate for any greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and upon all other goat (kins (not ufually called cordi- Goatskins, vants) which fhall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being drefled in oil, or with allom, fait, meal, or otherwise drefled, the fum of four (hillings for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all kid (kins, which shall be imported or brought Kid skins, in, as aforesaid, being drefled or undrefled, or not perfectly drefled, the fum of fix pence for every dozen, and after that rate for any greater or lefler number or quantity : and if any of the said kid &ins shall be drefled after the importation thereof, it is hereby declared, that no further duties are to be paid for the fame by this aCt upon the drcfling or perfect drefling them, or any of them in Great Britain.

For and upon all (heep (kins and lamb (kins, which shall be sheep and imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the refpeCtiverates follow- lambskins, ing; that is to fay. For all imported (heep (kins drefled in oil, one (hilling and fix pence per dozen; for all imported lamb (kins drefled in oil, one (hilling per dozen; for ail imported (heep Ikins and lamb (kins tanned, nine pence per dozen, and for and upon all imported (heep fkins and lamb fkins drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed, fix pence per dozen, and in proportion to thofe rates for a greater or lefler number, numbers or quantities of such (heep (kins and lamb (kins refpeCtively.

And for and upon all hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and .Hldcs» Welkins, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being charg-tanned, tawed, or drefled, and not herein before particularly ed. charged, and for and upon all wares made into manufactures of leather, or any manufactures whereof the molt valuable part fhall be leather, a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and Ikins, and of the manufactures laft mentioned, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, to be affirmed upon the oath of the importer thereof: the said feveral and refpeCtive rates and duties for and upon all such hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, and made wares, to be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, within or during the term before mentioned, to be paid by the importers thereof refpeCtively.

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That New duties on there shall be raifed, levied, collefled, and paid, unto and forjc^her manu-the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon GrCatCBritain such (kins and hides, and pieces of Ikins and hides, herein after for 32 years j’ more particularly described and mentioned, as ihali at any time from 1 Aug. or times within or during the said term of thirty two years, to JJti. be reckoned from the firft day of Augnji, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, be tanned, tawed or drefled within Great 7. f,

Britain (over and above all other rates and duties by any aCt or afts of parliament or law whatfoever impofed upon or payable

D d 3	for

ir 

 '

46$	Anna	dedmo	Annjr, c. 26.	[*7x1.

for the (ame) the feveral and i^pe6tive additional rates or1 new duties herein after exprefled, That is to fay, .	*n

Tanned hides.

Calve skint* See.

Goat skint*

Shtep skins and iamb skins.

See } Geo. I.

c.4.r.ij.

Tanned skins not before • • charged.

Tawed horfe hides.

For and upon all hides, of what kind foever, which fboll fee (o tanned in Great Britain, the fum of one half peony) for every pound weight averdupois, and after that rare for a greater or? lefler quantity.

* For and upon all calve (kins,‘ kips; hog fkint and dog (kins, which shall be fo tanned in Great Britain, the like fum of one half-penny for every such pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

* For and upon all goat (kins, which (hall, within or during the (hid term be tanned with ihomack, or otherwise in Great Britain, to refemble Spanijb leather, the fum of two pence tor every pound weight of averdupois, and after that ratefor a greater or lefler quantity. '»

For and upon all fheep (kins, which, within or during the fame term, shall be tanned for roans, being after the nature of Spanijh leather, within Great Britain, a duty after the rate of one penny for every pound weight averdupois; and for and upon all (beep (kins and lamb (kins, which within and during the fame term, shall be tanned for glovers, and bazils, within Great Britain, a duty after the rate of one penny for every pound weight, and proportionally for greater or lefler quantities of fheep (kins and lamb (kins to be fo tanned in Great Britain re-fpedtively.

And for and upon all other (kins, and pieces and parts of fkins, which, within or during the term laft mentioned, shall be tanned in Great Britain, (not before particularly charged) a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, and proportionally for greater or jeffer numbers or quantities: the said feveral rates and duties for arid upon all such hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and ■fkins tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the tanners thereof refpe&ively.

And for and upon all hides of horfes, mares and geldings, which* at any time or times during the said term of thirty two years, shall be drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the fum of fix pence for every hide, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity or number of such hides. * ~

Hides officers For an<* uPon hides of fleers, cows, or any other hides of * what kind foever (thofe of horfes, marcs and geldings excepted) which (Flail be fo drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or other-wife tawed in Great Britain, the fum of one (hilling for every such hide, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity or number.	:

Calve skins. For and upon alj calve fkins and kips, which (hail be fb drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the fum of one half-penny for every pound weight averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

* '	For





f jx i.]	Anno dechno Ann^. c. 26.	407

For and upon all dink calve fkins, which shall be fo drefled Slinks with the in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, hair on* with the hair on, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all flink calve fkins, which shall be fo drefled Slinks without or tawed without hair, and upon all dog fkins which shall be hair, and dog tawed, as aforesaid, in Gredt Britain, the fum of fix pence for skins* every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and tipon all buck and doe fkins (except such as fhall Buck and doe have paid the full duty on the importation, as aforesaid) which skins* fhall be drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or be otherwise tawed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, the fum of three pence for every pound weight averdupoisy and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all kid fkins, which shall be fo drefled or tawed Kidtkms, in Great Britain, (except such as shall have paid the full duty on the importation, as aforesaid) the fum of fix pence for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all goat fkins, which fhall be fo drefled in al- Goatskins, lom and fait, or meal, or be otherwise tawed in Great Britain^ the fum of fix pence for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and upon all bever fkins which shall be fo tawed in Great pCver skins, Britainy the fum of one (hilling for every dozen, and after that rate for a greater or lefler number or quantity.

For and upon all fheep fkins and lamb fkins to be drefled it> gheep and allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain> lamb skins, the fum of three farthings for every pound weight averdupoisy See 3 Geo- *• and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.	c**’	I3*	•

And for and upon all other fkins, and parts and pieces of Tawed skin# fkins to be tawed in Great Britainy (not before particularly charged) a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one char^ * hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, and proportionally for greater or lefler numbers or quantities : which said feveral rates and duties for and upon all hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and fkins, to be drefled in allom and fait, or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britainy fhall be paid by fueft persons as fhall be the tawers or makers thereof into leather re- / fpeeftively.

For and upon all deer fkins, goat fkins, and bever fkins, which, *ccrj8,cj?*! • within or during the term aforesaid, shall be drefled in oil with- oi£* reir m in Great Britain, the fum of two pence for every pound weight averdupoisy and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all calve fkins, which fhall be fo drefled in oil Calyc shins, within Great Britainy the like fum of four pence for every pound weight averdupoisy and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all fheep fkins and lamb fkins, which fhall be shesp skins fo drefled in oil in Great Britainy the rate of two pence for eve- and lamb

Pd*

V!

skins.





4°8

Skjns drefTed in oil, not before charged.

Duty on vel-Jum and parchment imported or made in Great Britain.

Made perpetual by 5 Geo. i. C.7. f. 1.

Thefe new duties to be raif-ed as the duties on leather, 9 Anna:, c. ji.

9 Ann*, c.tr.

Anno decimo AKnm. c. 26. ^,	[	1711.

ry fiich. pound weight, and proportionally for greater or leficr quantities of such (beep (kins and lamb (kins refpeftively.

And for and upon all other hides and (kins, ind all pieces of hides and (kins, which, within or during the term aforesaid, shall be drefled in oil in Great Britain, the fum of two pence for every pound weight averdupois, and after that rate for greater or lefler quantities or numbers. The said feveral duties on hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, to be drefTed in oil within Great Britain, to be paid by the oil leather dreflers refpeftively.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid. That there shall be raifed, levied, collefted,-and paid, unto and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, for and upon all vellum and parchment which (hall, at any time or times within or during the (aid term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the said firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, be made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame (over and above all other duties by any aft or afts of parliament or law whatfoever impofed upon or payable for the fame) the feveral and refpeftive additional rates or new duties herein after exprefled, that is to fay, for and upon all vellum Ip imported an additional rate of three (hillings for every dozen; and for all parchment fo imported, an additional rate of two (hillings for every dozen, and proportionally for greater or JeiJer numbers or quantities, to be paid by the importers thereof refpeftively \ and for and upon all vellum which shall be made in Great Britain, as aforesaid, an additional duty after the rate of two (hillings for every dozen; and for all parchment which (hall

be made in Great Britain, as aforesaid, an additional duty after I the rate of one (hilling for every dozen, to be paid by the makers thereof refpeftively.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the feveral and refpeftive addditional or new rates and duties by this aft impofed or chargeable for and upon all or any such hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, as aforesaid, for and during the said term of years hereby granted, of and in the fame, shall and may, from time to time, be afcertained, railed, received, levied, recovered, and fecured, by such ways, means, and methods, and by the fame or different (lamps and marks, and under such pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers of adjudging the said duties, and adjudging and mitigating the said penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, and other powers, and fubjeft to proportional allowances, drawbacks, and repayments, and to such rules and direftions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as the refpeftive duties upon the like hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, granted by an aft in the ninth year of her Majefty's reign, intituled. An act for laying certain duties upon bides and fkins ta?ined> tawed, or dreffid^ and upon vellum

and



I7ir.] Anno decimo ANN^ffi-r c. 26.	403^

and parchment, for the term of thirty Awo years, for profecuting the war and other her Majejlfs moji necejfary occafions, are by that aCt, or any few or flatute thereby referred unto, preferibed, appointed, or enacted, during the continuance thereof, to be afeer-tained, railed, received, levied, fecured, or recovered; and that the a<5t laft-mentioned, and all the claufes, pains of death, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things, therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, paying, or accounting for the said duties thereby granted, or any arrearages of the fame, or any way relating to the fame duties, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, by that aCt chargeable, by force and virtue of this present a£t, be continued, praCtifed, and put in execution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, paying, and accounting for the duties upon hides and fkins, and pieces of hides and Ikins, made wares, vellum, and parchment, by this ad granted, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of this present adt.

V. And whereas Jorne doubts have arifen upon the Jaid aft of the 9 Ann*, c.n. ninth year of her Mdiefly's reign, whether a debenture could be given (*• 39-in purfuance of the fatd aft by the cujlomer or colleftor of the cujloms £^rter° that for two thirds of the duties upon hides and calve fkins Jhipped for expor- thehide* have tation, unlefs the marks or flamps denoting the charging the duty pay- been marked, able by that aft did appear to them thereupon; and it being often found &c. inconvenient that the exporters Jhotdd be obliged to open their bails or JJf packs of leather at the port of exportation \ it is hereby provided and for a draw. enadted by the authority aforesaid. That upon oath made by the back of two exporter, unlefs such exporter be a known quaker, and if he be, thirds of the then upon the folemn affirmation of such quaker (which oath or duty* affirmation the cultomer or collector is hereby impowered to ad-minifter) that all the hides or Ikins contained in such bails or packs refpeCtively, were marked with the marks or Itamps denoting the charging of the duties payable by this aft and the said former aCt, or either of them, and exprelling particularly how much the duty fo denoted to have been paid or charged by the	'

faid former aCi for such hides or Ikins doth amount unto, exclu-five of the duty upon the flock in hand; and also how much the duties fo denoted to have been paid or charged by this aCt for such hides or Ikins doth amount unto, and exprelling the weight of the hides and calve Ikins fo exported or Ihipped for exportation, in such oath or affirmation; then and in every such cafe, it lhall and may be lawful for the cuftomer or colleClor (fuch fecurity being given as the said arequires) to make forth a debenture for the two third parts of the said duties payable by the said former aCt and this present aCt, or cither of them, for the hides and calve Ikins already exported, or (hipped to be exported, for which no drawback hath already been paid, and for the like hides and calve Ikins which shall hereafter be exported, or (hipped to be exported, and for which a drawback ought to be made, according to the true meaning of this or the said fottner aCt; and

every





r

4io

Anfcodecimo Attire. c.26:	[1711.1

every such debenture being verified by the certificate of the fearch-er, attefting the (hipping of such hides and (kins, shall be fatisfied according to this and the said former aA, as fully as if the marks or ftamps on the said hides and (kins had been feen by the proper officer of the cuftoms; any thing in this or the faia former a<5fc contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Hides d petted	VI. And whereas by the said aR made laft feffort of parliament,

or curried to intituled, An aA for laying certain duties upon hides, afid (kins have a draw- fanned, tawecj, or drefled, and upon vellum and parchment, portadon of ^or term thirty two years, for profecuting the war, and one penny per Other her Majefty’s moft neceflary Occafions, tbet'i is provifion lb.	made in the said ah, that a drawback be allowed upon all tanned or

9 Annas, c. n. rough hides and calve /kins, upon their exportation, but no allowance is madefor a drawback on hides or calve Jfkins that are drejfed or cur-tied: for remedy whereof, be it enaAed, and it is hereby enaAed by the authority aforesaid, That all hides or calve (kin9 ^lat are or ^a^	or	curried,	(hall be entitled to a

f. 6*. a jar- drawback upon their exportation, of one penny per pound ther drawback weight, as they shall weigh at the cuftom-houfe, to be paid and is attowid. allowed in the fame manner, and under such cautions, rules, and fecurity, as the drawback upon rough tanned hides and calve (kins is to be paid or allowed.

Duties on VII. And be it enaAed by the authority aforesaid, That there llarch, from (ball be raifed, levied, coHeAed, and paid, unto and for the ufe fbr 3» years, her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all (larch imported, id. which, at any time or times within or during the term of thirty Made perpetual two years, to be reckoned from the firft day of Atigujl, one thou-by \ Geo. i. fand feven hundred and twelve, shall be imported or brpught c‘7* ’into the kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all cuftoms, fubfitlies, and duties already impofed thereupon) the furti of two pence for every pound weight, confiding of nxteen ounces averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity, to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, from time to time, before the landing of the fame; and for and up-Ma^e in Great on all (larch of what kind foever, which at any time or times bniixin, i d. wfrbin or during the fame term of thirty two years, shall be made within the said kingdom of Great Britain, the fum of one penny for every such pound weight averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity: the fame to be paid by the makers thereof refpeAively.

Duties on ira- VIII. And be it enaAed by the authority aforesaid, That the ported it arch said duties upon imported (larch shall be raifed, levied, recover-the^ubes on* an^werec^» anc^ Pa^> and be brought into the receipt of her fope.U 1CS °n 'Majefty’s Exchequer in England, (to and for the ufes and purposes in this aA expretted) by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabiHties, and with such allowances, and in such mariner and form, as the loAnnx, C19. duties upon imported fope, granted by one other aA of the pre-fent feffion of parliament, or by any laws and statutes therein referred unto^ are to be raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, and paid.

*	JX.An4



17ix.]	Agno	decimo Ann^. c. z6.

IX.	And for the better afcertaining, charging, and fecpring Her Majefty the duties by this aft fet and impofed upon all forts of (larch.01* tr?afury to made in Great Britain, during the term laft-mentioned, accord-.

ing to the true meaning of this aft, and for preventing oft frauds concerning the fame: be it further enacted by the authority ?r, forefaid, That such commiflioners or persons as her Majefty, her. heirs or fucceflbrs, or the high treafurer of Great Britain now . being,. or the high treafurer of Great Britain, or any three or more,of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being* lhalJ, from time to time, by one or more commiflion or com-* jni (lions for that purpofe appoint, shall be her Majefty’s com-miflioners for the receipt and management of the said duties fet and impofed upon all the (larch made within Great Britain phargeable by this aft j which said commiflioners, or the ma-? Commifliori-jor part of them refpeftively, shall and have hereby power, by ers to fubiB-commissions under their refpeftive hands and feals, to fubftitutq tl^e inferior and appoint under them fijch receivers general, colleftors, comp- officcrs* trollers, furveyors, and other officers, as shall be requisite and neceflary for the purpofes aforesaid ; and that the said commif-fioners fo to be appointed, and all the officers for the said duties on (larch, shall have out of the lame such falaries and re- The monies awards for their refpeftive fervices, in relation to the fame duties, to be paid in-as the said high treafurer now being, or the high treafurer, or to thc Exciic*. any three, or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the ^ucr* jtime being, shall think reafonable to eftablilh or allow in that behalf > and that the refpeftive commiflioners for the said duties on ftarch tp be made in Great Britain, for the time being, (hall, from time to time, caufe all the monies to arife by or for the (aid duties on (larch tp be made ir^Great Britain, during the term a-forefaid, (the neceflary charges of managing, collefting, and railing the fame excepted) to be paid, from time to time, as the fame shall arife, into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer in England, under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities herein after exprefled.

X.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforesaid. That starch makers all and every person and persons whatfoever, who, on or before to give ac-jthe firft day of Augufl, in the year of our Lord one thousand fe- count °f *bcir yen hundred and twelve, shall make any ftarch in Great Britain, pja^ofa-fbr fale or not for fale, (hall, on or before the fame firft day of bode, and of Auguft, one thoufapd feven hundred and twelve, give notice in their work-yrriting at the office for tfie said duties on ftarch, next to the houfes, &c. at place where such ftarch (haU be made, of thjeir refpeftive names

and places of abode, and of every work-houfe, ftore-boufe, Qf 5Q i# )room* and other place by him, her, or them refoeftively made ufe of in or for the making, drying, and keeping of such ftarch, or of flour, meal, or other materials proper to be made into ftarch, and also of all the fats, troughs, boxes, kilns, doves, utenfils, and veflels, ufed in the making of the fame; and that from and .after the said firft day of Augufl, during the continuance of the said duties upon ftarch, no maker of ftarch shall preft, fet up, alter,

Change, enlarge, or make u(§ of any work-hopfe, ftore-boufe,

■*	  room



oogle

41a	Ain<yderimG	Annas.1 c.afl;	[1711.

rddm, or other phce, for the making* drying, or keeping of ftarch, or for the converting or keeping any flour, meal, otf other materials proper to be made into ftarch, or ufe any fat, trough, box, ftove, utenfil, or other veflel, for the making of ftarch, without firft giving notice thereof in writing, or unlefe notice thereof shall have been before given in writing at the next office, as aforesaid; and if any maker of ftarch fhall cre6t, fet up, alter, enlarge, dt make ufe of any wt>rk-houfe, ftore-houfe, or room or other place, for the making, drying, or keeping of ftarch, or for the keeping or converting of any flour, meal, or other materials proper to be made into ftarch, or shall ufe any fat, trough, kiln, ftove, box, uteriffl, or other veflel, for the making of ftarch, without giving such notice thereof, as aforesaid, contrary to the true meaning of this a6t, then, and in every such cafe, the offender therein, for every such offence, shall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

Starch-mak-	XI. And it is hereby enaffed, That from and after the faid

era in London, gyft day of Auguft,during the continuance of the said duties up-enCtry°on oath on ^arch hereby granted, all and every person and persons what-monthly, in foever, who shall make any ftarch in London, JVeJtrmnJier, or in all other placet any parts within the weekly biHs of mortality, shall monthly in6week8jon an(j every month, and all and every person or persons whalfo-0 ttrf ever, who shall make any ftarch in any other part of Groat Bri* tain, shall once in every fix weeks, make a true entry in writing at the next office for the said duties, of all the ftarch by him, her, or them Severally made within such months or fix weeks refpe&ively ; which laid entries shall contain the weight of all the ftarch mentioned therein, and what quantity thereof was made at a time in the Several weeks to which such entry shall reflate, on pain to forfeit for every negledf of entry the fum of fifty pounds; which entry shall be made upon oath, by the makers of such ftarch, or by their chief workman or fervant employed in making the fame, according to the beft of their knowledge and belief, unlefs such maker, workman, or fervant be a known quaker, and the Solemn affirmation of such maker, workman, or fervant to the fame effeft, in cafe he or (he be a known qua-, ker, (half and may be taken inftead of such oath; and the Arid 'entries, oaths, and affirmations to verify the fame, shall for such ftarch as fhall be made within the limits of the weekly bills bf mortality, be made with, and adminiftred by such officer or officers as shall be appointed by the commiflioners for the said duties in England, or the major part of them, for the time being, who shall attend at a general office in London or fPeftminjfer* for that purpofe; and for all ftarch made in all other parts of Great Britain, with and by the colle&ors and lupervifors of the diftrift or divifion within which the refpeffive makers of ftarch fhall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatfoever to be do* tnanded or taken for the fame.

Ehtries to be XII. Provided always, That no maker of ftarch shall be oblig-atthe next t0 g0 or fen(] further than the market town where his or her ct town.	js macjcf or thc next market town to the place where his

4	or

iyn.] Anno dedmo Ann,®, c. a5.	413

tr her ftarch is made, for the making of such entries, as afore-

faid.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Perfons in That all and every person and persons whatfoever, who shall London, See. make any ftarch in London, fVefiminfter^ or within the limits of tociearoff the the said weekly bills of mentality, (hall, within four weeks, and

all and every person and persons whatfoever who shall make any ^^r$parts m ftarch in any other part of Great Britain, (hall, within fix weeks, 6 weeks; on after he, she, or they shall make, or ought to 'have made such forfeiture of entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said duties for j°“ ftarch, which shall be due from him, her, or them refpedlively ;u y* * and that all and every such makers of ftarch, who shall refufp or neglect to make such payment, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe, tor every such offence, double the fum of the said duty, whereof the payment shall be fo refufed or negle&ed; and that no such maker of ftarch, after such default in payment made,

(hall deliver, or carry out any ftarch, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the Value of such ftarch, fo delivered or carried out.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, officers to en-That all and every the officers for the said duties on ftarch, shall ter ware-

at all times, by day or by night (and if in the night, then in the houfes, &c. to prefence of a conftable, or other lawful officer of the peace) be permitted, upon his or their requeft, to enter the houfe, work- rafcn* houfe, ware-houfe, or other place whatfoever, belonging to, or ufed by any person or persons, who, within or during the laft-mentioned term of thirty two years, shall be a maker or mak-kers of any ftarch whatfoever, and by gauging or weighing of the ftarch, or gauging the boxes and other ufcnfils, or other-wife, as to such officer shall feem moft proper and convenient, to take an account of the juft quantity of the ftarch which shall and to make a have been made by such maker or makers of ftarch, from time return in writ-to time ; and shall thereof make return or report in writing to,ng to. the refpe&ive commiffioners for the said duties on ftarch, QX^fi^aving a such as they refpe&ively shall appoint to receive the fame, leav- copy thereof * ing a true copy (if demanded) of such report in writing under with the mak, his hand with or for such maker or makers of ftarch refpe<ftive^ ly; and such report or return of the said officer or officers foafl ***** °* be a charge upon such maker or makers of ftarch j and if the said officer shall refufe or negleft to give or leave a true copy of his report in writing with or for such maker or makers of ftarch, at the time of taking such account, upon demand, as aforesaid, every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit and pay the ium of forty (hillings to every such maker and makers df ftarch refpedlively.

XV.	Provided always. That if such charge be made by gaug£ g^ , Qt0t u ing the said ftarch before it be dried in the ftove, then, and Hi flat. q'%* every such cafe, every box of green ftarch, or ftarch before it U *•

be to dried, containing fifty (even inches in length, and ten

inches in breadth (or by a medium of the breadth) and eight o^inc^jji

inches in depth* or in the whole, four thousand five hundred length, ahd

and 10 in breadth





t

4H

and 8 in depth, or 4560 fohd inches, to be charged as utlb ot ft arch.

Officers to be fwom, makers to keep fcaies and weights, &c. on pain of sol.

Officer miffing any flour, &c. may chaise the maker with *5 lb. of ftarcb for every buihd miffing.

Obftru&ing officers, forfeits ao L

Starch-makers not to remove ftarch, of which no account hath been taken, on pstip of ftok

Aftno decimo Ann^. C.26:	tx7T1‘

apd fixty folid inches, shall be efteenjedpne hundred and twelve; averdupois pounds weight of ftarch dried and perfedUy made, and shall be charged, accordingly by this aft, and proportipnably for greater or leifer quantities.

XVI.	Provided alfo, That every officer, who £hajl be impow-cred to make such charge, as aforesaid, shall in the firft place be fwom for the due and faithful execution of hi$ office* and the oath in that behalf shall and may be adminiftred by all or any the commiffioners of the said duties on ftarch, or by any pf her Majefty’s justices of the peace, who shall give to such ’officers a certificate thereof; and all and, every such maker or makers of ftarch refpeftively, are hereby required to keep fufficient and juft fcaies and weights at the place or places where he, she, or they do make such ftarch, and permit and affift the officer to make ufe thereof, for the purpofes aforesaid, under the penalty of ten pounds tjo.be forfeited and loft for; not keeping such fcaies and weights, or for not permitting and affifting the officer to ufe the lapie, -as aforesaid.

XVII.	And the better to prevent any frauds and concealments, it is hereby likewife cnafted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the officers for the said duties upon ftarch, shall also be permitted to take an account by^aug-ing, weighing, or othervyife, of the quantities of flour, meal, and other materials proper to be made into ftarch, that shall be in the cuftody or poffeffion of any maker of ftarch, during the .continuance of the said duties on ftarch hereby granted ; and in cafe such officer or officers shall mifs any quantity or quantities of such flour, meal, or other materials aforesaid, which he had taken ap account of at the laft time he was at such makers of ftarch, and shall pot, upon reafonable demand, receive fatisfac* tion what is become of such flour, meal, and other materials fo miffing, then, and in every such cafe, it shall and may be lawful for every such officer to charge such maker of ftarch with such quantity of ftarch as such flour, meal, and other materials fo milling, in his judgment, would reafonably have made, not exceeding twenty five pounds weight of ftarch for every bufhel of such ingredients mixed or unmixed, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler ^quantity.

XVIII.	And be it enacted. That if any maker or makers of ftarch shall obftrudl or hinder any of the laid officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given to him or them by 'this adt, for the afeertaining and fecuring the said duties upon ^larch, the person or persons offending therein, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XIX.	And it is hereby further enadted. That no maker or fiaakers of ftarch, after the said firft day of Augujl> one thousand feven hundred and twelve, during the continuance of the said duties op ftarch, shall (under pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds for every offence) remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried, or fent away, any ftarch by pirat her, or them made! of which no account shall have been firft

taken

1711.] Anno declmo Annj®, c. 26.	41$

taken by the proper officer for the said duties, from the place where tne fame uarch shall have been; made, without giving to the proper officer or officers within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, twenty four hours notice at the leaft, and to the proper officer or officers in other parts of Great Britain, two days notice at the leaft, of his, her, or their intentions to remove, carry, or fend away the fame; that fo the said officer (without his own wilful negled or default) may have time to Weigh, or otherwise take an account thereof.

XX.	And for the better afeertaining the said duties upon Makers to ftarch ; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That keep ftarch, of all makers of ftarch (hall, from time to time, Keep all the ftarch which no ac-by them to be made, and which shall not have been furveyed bcenfcton and taken an account of by the said officers for the said duties feparate, on on ftarch, feparate and apart from all other their ftarch which pain of 5U shall have been furveyed and taken an account of by such officers,

for the fpace of twenty four hours after the making thereof within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or for the fpace of two days after the making such ftarch in any other part of Great Britain, unlefs such ftarch shall have been fooner furveyed and taken an account of by the said officers refpedlively, on pain to forfeit for every such offence therein the fum of five pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enabled. That if any the said makers Fraudulently of ftarch shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or caufe to be hid or hiding ftarch, concealed, any ftarch chargeable by this ad, or any the mate- *orfcits 10 rials for making the fame, to the intent to deceive her Majefty

of the juft duties by this ad granted, that then, and in every such cafe, the party fo offending shall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Materials for That all flour and meal, and other materials for making ftarch, making ftarch which shall be found in any private Work-houfe, ware-houfe, or y°te wwlc other place, and all private utenfils and veffels for making or houfeTforftit-keeping ftarch, for which no entry shall be made, or notice ed, &c. given, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and loft, and the fame, of

the value thereof, shall and may be feized and recovered by the said officer or officers for the said duties on ftarch, for her Ma-jefty’s ufe.

XXIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority a- Starch, mate-forefaid, That all the ftarch, and all the materials, and utenfils rials, &c. li-for the making of ftarch, in the cuftody of any maker or mak-^se.tothcc^ ers of ftarch, or of any person or persons to the ufe of, or io&cS.m W ***' truft for such maker or makers of ftarch, shall be liable and fubr

jed to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the debts and duties for ftarch in arrear and owing by such maker or makers for any ftarch made by him, her, or them, or in his or their working-houfes or places aforesaid, and shall also be fubjed to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons fo using such work-houfe, or other place, for any offence againft

this ad relating to the said duties upon ftarch ; and that it shall arid may be lawful, in all such cafes, to levy debts and penalties,

416	Anno	decimo AnnM. C; 260	[1711.

and ufe such proceedings as may lawfully be done by this a6fc, in relation to (larch, in cafe the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the fame.

Stock in hand XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority, aforesaid, on i Aug.1712. That for all (larch which any ftarch-malcers, or other fellers and to pay. dealers in (larch in Great Britain, or any person or persons in truft for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, -(hall be pofleffed of, and interefted in, upon the said firft day of Au-guftj one thousand feven hundred and twelve, for fale, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majefty the like refpedtive rates as are by this adt to be paid for the like torts of (larch refpedhvely to be made or imported after the said firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and twelve \ and that all and every the said Stattb-mak- ftarch-makers, and other fellers and dealers in ftarch, and all era to enter and every other person and perfons, who, in truft for them, or flock in hand any 0f them, or for the ufe of them, or any of them, fhall be office on°for- P°^e^ of, or have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, feitureof 50I. ^ in his, her, or their work-houfe, ware-houte, ftore-houle, and the ftarch- fhop, room, or other place or places whatfoever, upon the said not entred, firft day Qf Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, any (lock, parcel, or quantity of ftarch, of foreign or Britijb manufacture, for fale, (hall, on or before the said firft day of .	Auguft* one thousand feven hundred and twelve, make a true

and particular entry thereof, at the office for the said duties on ftarch, within the limits of which they shall refpe&iveJy inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and the ftarch and the duty for which no such entry shall have been made; and within fix to be paid or days after he, she, or they shall have made, or ought to have fccured in 6 ma(jc such entries, as aforesaid, shall pay down the duties here-by payable for such ftarch, or within the said fix days, shall give fecurity to the proper officers for paying the fame duties to her Majefty’s ufe, within three months then next enfuing; and in cafe the said duties for such (lock of ftarch be paid down within the said fix days, then there shall be allowed out of the fame duty for such prompt payment, an allowance after the rate iol. percent, of ten pounds per centum per annum^ for the said time of three for prompt months, and that all and every such ftarch-makers, and other to kNers ai*d dealers in (larch, who shall refufe or negtat to make pay. forfeits such payment, or to give such fecurity for payment of the said double. duties, upon his, her, or their laid (lock oif (larch, within the time by this a<t limited for that purpofe, shall forfeit double the fum or the said duty which (hould have been fo paid or fecured by him, her, or them, as aforesaid ; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper officers for the fame duties refpec-tively, to take a true and particular account of all such (lock or quantities of (larch as any ftarch-makers or other fellers and dealers in (larch, or any in truft for them, (ball, on the said firft Officers may day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, have or enter (hops, ^ pofleffed of; and for that purpofe lhall be permitted in the ft^k?onCpam^day-time to enter into any (hop, ware-houfe, wdrk^houfe, or of so’l. any dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, or other places belonging to

fuch



4 *7

lyu*] Anijo dedmo AirtuE. c.2(J.

fach ftarch-mafcers, and fellers and dealers in ftarch, and every of them* who are hereby required to permit such officer ana officers, upon his or their requeft, to make such entrance on the laid firft day of Auguft% one thousand feven hundred and twelve, or afterwards, at any time before the duty lad mentioned shall be paid or fecured, and to take an account of the quantity of such ftarch, under the penalty of twenty pounds ; and if any Clandeftinely person or persons, having on the said firft day of Augujl, one removing thousand feven hundred and twelve, in his, her, or their cufto-dy or pofleflion, any ftock or quantity of ftarch, chargeable by 810 * this a<ft with the said duties for any ftock of ftarch, as aforesaid,

(hall clandeftinely remove or carry away, or caufe or fuffer to be removed or carried away the fame, or any part thereof, before her Majefty’s duties thereupon shall be paia or fecured, as afore* faid, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide any part of his, her, or their said ftock of ftarch, that then, and in every such cafe, he, she, or they fo offending, for every such offence, shall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; and in all and every such cafe and cafes the ftock or quantity of ftarch which shall be fo clandeftinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feized by any the said officers for the said duties on ftarch \ and the person or persons, in whofe Quftody such ftock of ftarch shall be found, who shall not, before the difcovery thereof, give notice at the next office for the said duties on ftarch, of the ftock or quantity of ftarch fo in his, her, or their cuftody, shall also forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty (hillings for every pound weight.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au- f*9***1 ***** thority aforesaid, That it fliall and may be lawful to and f°r5uty maybe any person or persons, who shall have actually paid her Maje- exported, on tty's duties by this adfc payable for any quantities of ftarch what- fecurity, &c. foever, and to and for any other person or persons, who shall buy,

or be lawfully entitled to any such quantity of ftarch from the said person or persons who actually paid her Majefty’s duties for the lame, to export such ftarch for any foreign parts, by way of merchandize, giving fufficient fecurity before the (hipping there* of for exportation, that the particular quantities of ftarch, which shall be intended to be exported, as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be (hipped and exported, and that the fame, or any part thereof, (nail not be relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain; which fecurity the cuftomer or collector of the refpe&ive port for such exportation, is hereby directed and authorized to take, in her Majefty’s name, and to her ufe.

XXVI.	Provided always, That if after the (hipping any fuch

ftarch to be exported, as aforesaid, and the giving or tendring£££1	'	for*

fach fecurity, as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein after-mentioned, the ftarch fo (hipped to be exported, or any part thereof, shall be relanded in any part of Great Britain, that then and in every such cafe (over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to Vol. XII.	£	e	her





4i&	Ann&dccuno	Ann.*.	c	[171	ii

her Majefty’sufe) all the ftaith which' shall be traded, or the value thereof, dull bo forfeited.

On oath that XXVII. And it is also hereby enabled, That any person or the duty hath perfons, who shall export any (larch to any foreign puts, Thail been paid, and or may make proof upon oath, or by foch affirmation rripc&rrc-from'the cu-6 asafoaefoid. That the duty of such (larch hath been paid or JtoRier, &c. (ecured, according to. this ad (which oath or affirmation the Collector to cuftomer or collector of the port of exportation is hereby im-repay the du- powered to admin ifter) and thereupon the hid cuftomer or coi-Uc*'	Jedor	of the hid. port of exportation, shall give to the exporter

thereof a debenture, exprefling the true kinds and quantities of the ftarch fo exported, and the exportation thereof being certified by the fearcher upon the hid debenture, the coiledior appointed to receive the hid duties upon ftarch in fitch county or place where the said ftarch was exported (upon producing die hid debenture focertificd to him) shall forthwith pay die duties which shall have been received upon this aft, for the ftarch fo exported, to the persons or agents fo exporting the fame; and if fiich colle&or mall not have money in his hands to pay any fitch debenture, then the refpedivc commiffioners for the hid duties of ftarch are hereby required to pay, or caufe to be paid, the hid debenture out of any duties upon ftarch arifing by this ad; or if the duty of such ftarch fo exported, were only fecor-ed and shall remain unpaid, then the fame shall be diioharged Upon the fecurities for the fame •, any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

All the pow- XXVIII. And be itfurther enabled by the authority afore&id. That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, other excife methods, penalties, forfeitures, daufes, matters, and things, aft*, to be in which in and by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of force for mi- King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for taking away tie court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Gapite,	heights

Oarrh,	feruice, and. purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon Ids Madefy

in lieu thereof; or by any other law now in force, relating to bear Majefty’s revenue of excifeupon beer, ale, or other liquors, am provided, fettled, or eftablilhed, for managing, railing, levying, qolleding, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties thereby granted,, or any of them (other than m such cafes for which other penalties or provifctts are made and. preferibed by this ad) lhaH be exerdfed, pradtfed, applied, tried, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raffing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the (aid duties upon ftarch hereby granted, during the continuance of this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purports, so if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, diredioos, methods, penalties, forfeitures, daufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enaded in the. body of this present ad.

AH fines to be	XXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaif,

f"ed.for ** *>y That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the (aid exciter* duties by this ad impofetLupon ftarch, (haU beihod for, levied^

and



tytt.^	Anno dcdmO Annjb. c. ...	4#

and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, jfc arty fine, penalty or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any law or laWs of exbife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts ctf record at WefttMnfttr, or in the court of feflion, court of judiciary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeftivfely; and that One moiety of every such fine* penalty, or forfeiture (not other- Moiety to the wife direfted by tins aft) fhan be to her Majefty, her heirs and crown, moiety fucceffors, and the other moiety, befides fall cofts of fiiit, to him *° the in-or them that (haltdifcover, inform, or fue for the fame.	ormen

XXX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the autho- Commiffion-

rity afofefaid, That such persons as shall be, in purfuance of this ***f°r thcfe aft, appointed commiffioners for the duties on ftarch to be made	iu-™

in England, Walts, or Berwick upon Tweedy shall arid may have nfdiftion as” and exercife the fame, or like jurifdiftion, power, and authori-commiffioneri ty, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate or order, in all cafes of «xcife. and matters relating to the said duties on ftarch arifing within

the limits aforesaid, as the commiffioriers of excife upon beef, ale, and other liquors, may or lawfully can exettife, adjtfdgi, determine, mitigate, or order in the hke cafe or matters, in relation to .the said dudes of excife, by any law or statute now in force.

XXXI.	And be it farther enafted by the authority aforesaid. No perfturieK That from and after the said firft day of Auguft, one thoufarid

feven hundred andf twelve, no perfumer, barber, or fellers tff	my

hair powder, fhall mix any powder of alabafter, plaifter of paris, powder, on whiting, lime, or other matter or thing of the like nature (fwedt forfeiture of feents Only excepted) with any ftarch or powder of ftarch, to the powder, be made ufe of for the making of hair powder, under pain of fof- ** 50 * feitingall the hair powder fo made, and the fum of fifty pounds for every such offence, the one moiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety befides full cous of fuit) to the feizor or informer, to be recovered as any other penalties concerning the duties on ftarch are by this aft recoverable 5 and if any perfumer, barber, maker or feller of powder Expofing such fhall, after the said firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred mixture to arid twelve, prefume to expofe or offer to fale, or fell, vend, of f^e forfeirs utter any hair powder, which fhall be mixed or wrought with any such powder of alabafter, plaifter of paris, whiting, lime, or other matter or thing of like nature (fweet feents only excepted) that then, and in such cafe, all and every such perfumer, barber, maker or feller of powder, and such other per-fori or perfons, shall not only lofe and forfeit all such powder fo expofed or offered to fale, as aforesaid, but also the fum of twenty pounds for every such offence, to be recovered and divided in like manner.

XXXII. And be it also enafted by the authority aforesaid, New duties o* That there fhall be raifed, levied, anfwered, and paid, unto	tca» and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and (cxcepTlyinr Upon all coffee, tea,and drugs of what kind foever (dying drugs diugsandtui> imported from any foreign parts, and turpentine imported from pentme of

K e 2	the	Bricilh plants*

 Gbogle

4*0

&ms} for year* from 16 June, 171a. Made perpetual by 3 Geo. i. c. 7. f, x.

\

By to Geo. 1. c. 10. & 18. Geo. a. c. 26. tbefe duties are repealed\ and ne<w ones impojed.

By 11 Geo. x. c. 7. f. 9. this duty rf 201. per cent. m drugs is determined.

Values of <drugs bow to beaicerUined.

12 Car. 1. c. 4.

Annodeclmo Ann.®, c. 26. *	j{ij\x*

the Britijh plantations, excepted) which at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the fixteenth day oijune, one thousand (even hundred and twelve, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other cuftoms, fubndies, and duties impoled upon or payable for the fame, or any of them) the feveral new rates, duties, and fums of money following; that i$ to fay, for all coffee imported, as aforesaid, twelve pence for every pound weight averdupois; and proportionally for greater or leffer quantities: for all kinds of tea imported from any place or places within the limits of the charter granted to the Eaji India company, two (hillings for every such pound weight; and for all kinds of tea imported from any other place or places, five (hillings for every such pound weight, and proportionally for greater or leffer quantities of tea: and for all kinds of drugs im- , ported (except as aforesaid) within or during the term lad-mentioned, a duty after the rate of twenty pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the fame: which laid duties upon coffee, tea, and drugs, chargeable by this ad*, as aforesaid, shall be paid by the reipedtive importers thereof from I time to time.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby declared and enadted, That the values of such of the said drugs chargeable by this adt, as had any particular valuation fet thereupon in the book of rates, annexed to the adt of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of fang Charles the Second, shall be valued according to the grofs valuations contained in the said book, for the payment of the said duty, after the rate of twenty per centum by this adt charged thereupon, without any abatement in refpedt of the clause contained in the said book for drugs imported in Englifl) built (hipping; and that all such unrated drugs as shall be brought from any places within the limits of the charter granted to the Eajl India company, fhall be valued by the price thereof upon fale at the candle, for the payment of the duty by this adt granted, in the fame manner, and with such allowances, as are preferibed by the laws now in force for payment of the other duties upon unrated goods brought from places within thofe limits; and that the values of all other the drugs chargeable by this adt, (hall, in all cafes, be taken to be fo much as such imported kinds are really worth to be fold at the port of importation, without any abatement for the duties thereupon charged by this or any former adts ; and that the refpedlive cuftomer, collector, or other person or persons, officer or officers of the cu-floms for the time being, shall receive and levy the fame duties of the said drugs fo payable ad, Valorem, upon the oath of the merchant or importer accordingly; and such oath shall and may be adminiftred, and all other matters done for afeertaining the said duties of such drugs as are laft-mentioned, in the fame manner and form as are lawfully ufed and pradtifed for afeertaining any duties payable ad Valorem by the oath of the importer upon any other commodities imported.

XXXIV. And





1711-]	Anno decimo Anna. c. 26.	4Zi

XXXIV.	And for the better fecuring the duties upon cof- Coffee and tea fee imported from any foreign parts, and all such tea as shall be imported from any places within the limits of the charter grant-	be "ware-1**

ed to the Edfi India company by this and other ads of parlia- Jiaufed,

* ment impofed 5 and to the intent the fame may not be too bur-denfom on the importers of such coffee and tea, as shall again be exported to parts beyond the feas ; it is hereby provided and further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the fixteenth day of June> one thousand feven hundred and twelve, during the continuance of the said duties on coffee and tea hereby granted, all such coffee as shall be imported into the kingdom of Great Britain from any foreign parts, and all such tea as shall be imported from any places within the limits of the said charter granted to the Eaft India company, (hall, upon entry thereof, be forthwith carried and put into such warenoufe or warehoufes as shall for that purpofe be provided, by and at the charge of the importers of such coffee and tea, and be approved of by the commiflioners of her Majefty’s cuftoms for the time being, and fd much of the duties of the fame coffee and tea as fin and (6 moch cafe of exportation) would remain, and not be drawn back by of the duty as any former laws now in force, shall be paid down in ready mo- ^ ney by the importer or importers thereof, who shall have power on^xpoAa-to garble such coffee, as hath been ufual, to make it merchant- tiontobepaid able 5 which (aid coffee and tea fo brought into (uch warehoufe down, or warehoufes shall not be taken or earned out thence upon any account whatfoever, other than as is herein after mentioned, and if to be that is to fay, such of the said coffee and tea as shall be fold to confumed in be confumed in Great Britain, shall be delivered out of such ware-	#

houfe or warehoufes, upon payment of her Majefty’s duties pay- duty to be able by this or any other a<ft or adls1 for the fame coffee and tea paid on deli*

‘ [other than and except fo much as was before paid down, as a- vcry out!

' iorefaid) and such of the said coffee and tea* as shall be for exportation to parts beyond the feas, shall be delivered out of such IF to be ex- # warehoufe or warehoufes unto the importers, or such buyers, or ported, fecuri-‘ other person or persons as such importers shall appoint in that &c*° **

‘ behalf, upon fufficient fecurity to be firft given to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors (which fecurity the said commiflioners of the cuftoms, or such officers of the cuftoms as they shall appoint, are hereby required and impowered to take) that the lame, and every part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain; which said fecurities shall be discharged without fee or reward, upon certificate returned or produced to the commiflioners of the cuftoms, or such officers, as aforesaid, under the common feal of the chief magiftrate in any place or places in parts beyond the feas, or under the hands and feals of Farther prwi-two known Britijb merchants then being at such place or places,fion madejor that such coffee or tea was there landed, or upon proof by ere- <*n<f *** dible perfons, that such coffee or tea was taken by enemies, or e^JtL i0 ri~ perWhed in the feas ; the examination and proof thereof being 5 Geo.i. c. u. left to the judgment of the said commiflioners of the cuftoms for f. 5. the time being,	E	e	3

XXXV.	And





4*2

What shall bp deemed clan-deftine importation of coffee and tea.

What fhall be deemed dan-deftine carrying out of coffee and tea.

Aiyjo dacuno AMSM' Sr	{17**^

pt^xy. And fpr preventing all clandeftjne irnportit« or bringing of coffee or fpeh tea, aforesaid, into thjs VHfffi'VP of Great Britain ; be it further enabled, Tb^t if any pejrfpn or perfons, bodies politick or corporate* from and pfter the faifl fixteenth day of June, ope thousand feven hundred and twelve during the continuance of the said duties upon coffee and shall import or bring any coffee, or fuel) tea as is to be fecured in such warehoufes, as aforesaid, into Great Britain, and fha^l not make due entries thereof, and bring the fame into the said warehoufe or warehoufes, as aforesaid, the fame shall be and is hereby adjudged to be clandeftine running, and unlawful importation thereof; and such person and perfons, or bodies politieje or corporate, offending therein, and their abettors, shall forfeit all the coffee and tea fo clandestinely run, and the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered and divided j one moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other paoiety, together with full cofts of fuit, to the person or persons that shall feize, inform, or fue for the fame in any of her Majefty’s courts aforesaid.

XXXVI.	And for preventing the clandeftine carrying any the said coffee or tea out of the said warehoufes $ be it enadled, Th^t the keeper or keepers of the said warehoufe and warehoufes (who shall be appointed by the commiffioners of the cuftoms, and be at the charge of the importers) fhall keep ope or more book or books, wherein he or they shall fairly enter or write down an cxa6t particular apd true account of all coffee and tea >vhicfr shall be brought into, and carried out of his or their said warehoufe and warehoufes* and the days apd times when the feme was fo brought in and carried out, and how much thereof was delivered out to be confumed and fpent in Great Britain, and how much for exportation, as aforesaid, and shall at the end of every six months tranfmit in writing an exaeft account thereof* upon oath, to the commiffioners of the cuftoms for the time being, together with an exacl account of how much shall be remaining in his or their said warehoufe or warehoufes refpe&ive-ly; and the (aid commiffioners are hereby impowered and enjoined, within one month after the fame fliali be tranfmitted to them, as aforesaid, to appoint one or more person or persons to infpedl the said book or books, warehoufe or warehoufes, and ,to examine the fame accounts; and if upon examination it lhaii appear that any of the said coffee or tea was delivered out other-wife than as aforesaid, or before payment of her Majefty’s duties for such of the said coffee or tea as shall be fold to be con-fumed in Great Britain, or giving such fecurity, as aforesaid, for such of the said coffee or tea as shall be delivered out for exportation, as aforesaid, then the warehoufe-kceper or warehoufe-keepers offending therein, shall not only be difabled to hold or enjoy any publick imployment, but also shall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every such offence, to be recovered and divided, to wit, one moiety thereof to the Queen’s majesty, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the perfon

or





Anno dedte® Ahh«. c. 26.	423

or periods who shall feize, fee, or inform for the lame in any the courts aforriaid.

XXXVIL And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Proprietor* feid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proprietor S^son ware* ar proprietors of the coffee and tea, io lodged in any warehouse houfevfcc. or warehoufes, to affix one lock to every such warehoufc, the key of which fhall remain in the cuftody of such proprietor or proprietors; and that he or they may In the prefence of the said warehoufe-keeper or warehoufe-keepers (who is and are hereby obliged to attend at all reasonable times for that purpofe) view, fort, and receive out the said coffee and tea, or any part thereof, in manner following, that is to lay, such of the (aid coffee or tea as (haH be fold to be conferees in Great Britain, upon paying the remainder of all the duties impofed thereon, as a-fordaid, and such of the Cud coffee or tea as (haft be fold for exportation, upon giving such (beamy as is before in that behalf expreffed.

XXXVIH. Provided always, and it is ber&y enaAed, That All the duties from and afttr the said fixteemh day of June, one thousand feven f° b* paid on hundred and twelve, all the duties and impofitions (fo much as is to be paid down in ready money, as aforesaid, excepted) for the (kid coffee or tea delivered out of die said warehoufes to be confirmed In	Gnat-Britain, AnN be paid upon such delivery

out of the warehoufc, and not othetwue; and that from and after the Aid ftxteeath day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, all duties impofed upon fech of the said coffee or tea as fftall be delivered for exportation, and exported accord- tin to ^ ^p. ingly (except lb much as was paid down In ready money, as charged, ex* aforesaid) shall be difehorged ; and from thenceforth no draw- cept, Set. btek or allowance shall be bald or thade out bf her Majefty’s cuftoms for or on account of die exportation of any fech coffee or tea; any thing herein, or in any former adt or.aQs of parliament, to die contrary notwithstanding.	’

XXXIX,	Provided always. That ir any importers of coffee Importer* on or tea shall paydown all herMajtfty's duties for the fame, upon paying down -the importation, and before the landing thereof, then such im-	to

porters shall not be obliged to fecure the fame ki a warehoufc or J^ehoufe -warehoufes, as aforesaid.	rheir coffee,

XL. And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid. That the *s-. laid duties hereby granted upon imported tea and drugs (except DuV*J such tea as shall be imported from any places with'in the limits ^ag, how^e of the charter granted to the EaJJ India company) chargeable by be levied, this aft, shall be raifed, levied, recovered, anlwefed, and paid (to and for the ufes and purpofes in this aft expreffed) by such rales, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeft to such allowances, as the other duties upon the fame goods refpeftively are by any law or fta-tute now in force, to be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, and anfwered, during the continuance thereof refpeftively.

Ee 4	XU. Provided



414-	Anno	derifto	C16.	£17*1.

New duties^* XLI, Provided always, and be it further enifted and de-to*bc wpa^d^* dared; That in cafe any of the (hid tea and drugs: hereby on exporta- charged, (and except as before excepted) upon which the find tion.	new duties by this a& granted, (hall, upon the importation

7btfe 18 and thereof,> be duly paid or fecured to be paid, be agautexporad at time or times within eighteen months by'Britifbmtt-™years by 7 chants, or within nine months by aliens, to be accounted from Geo. 1. (tat. i, the refpe&ive times of the importation of the (aid gooefevra-c 2i. f. io* wards, and that proof be fird made upon oath, That The Cod made *** or ^ruS8’ except as before excepted, to exported, be the w^porta- fame for which the said duties are paid, or fecured ta be paid, tion of drugs as aforesaid, That then and in every fadi cafe, smdnot ocher-to Inland by wife, the fame duties fo paid (hall, without any delay-or re-5 G«o. x.c. ward, be wholly repaid out of any the duties upon tea and ***u s* drugs by this aft granted, or the fecurityfor inch ot the laid da-tics as (nail be fecured shall be vacated Ton a.debemure or debentures regularly certified and fwom to) as to fo much of the said tea ana drugs as fliall be fo exported; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Importers of XLU. And whereas feveral companies, and divers merchants im-coffee and porters, have or may have, on the fixteenth day of June, one then-ftock* inland fan* fevm hundred and twelve, feveral flasks or asmsmtiei efcoflte on 16 June, und tea ; it is hereby further enabled. That all and every such S7»t	companies and merchants importers, having on the fixteenth

day of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, in bis, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, or in the cuftody or poAeffion of any other person or pafons in trud for them, or any of -them, or for .their, or any ot their benefit or account, any dock or quantity of coffee or tea, or either of them, within the realm of Great Britain, being for fele, shall yield and pay unto her Ma-jefty the like refpedive duties for the fame, as are by this sd . granted and to be paid for and upon the like goods refpcdbvdy, to be imported after the said fixteenth day of June, one thou-• fand feven hundred and twelve; the said duties for such Socks to be anfwered and paid to her Majcd/s ufe, within six months after the said fixteenth day of June, one thousand feven hun-4	dred and twelve.

Importers of XLIII. And to the end the (aid (locks of coffee and tes, cottte, &c. to hereby intended to be charged may be known, and the duties ^cklnha d t^creuPoa duly afccrtained and fecured ; it is hereby eaa&ed, the next*1 That all and every the said companies and merchants ifli-cuftpm-houfe, porters of coffee and tea, (hall, on or before the fixteenth dar of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, make a juft entry thereof at the cuftom-houfe neared the place where the . said docks of such goods do remain, as aforefiud, and permit the proper officers of the cudoms thereunto to be appointed, at and to permit any time before the fixteenth day of June, one thousand fevra the proper hundred and twelve, to enter into their and every, of their ter<their° warehoufes or places where such docks are to be founds and to wnreUoufea, view, weigh, and take account of the fame; and if any iiich &c. to take ; company or such merchamsjroppncrs shall neglect to make

fuch



. *7**3	Anno	decjmb	Attitife.	c.26.	435

fuch entry at the cuftom-houfe within the time aforesaid, or Stall account of the refufe to permit fitch officer to enter into their or any of their ^“e»

■ware-bottles or other places (being thereunto required) there to view, the said flock, or any part thereof, or shall hide, ramose, or convey away the said flock, or any part thereof, with intent to defraud her Majefly, or shall not pay her Majefty’s duties for .the fame, according to the true meaning of this aft, then, for every or any such offence, die company, or such merchant im- o» forfeiture porter respectively lb' offending, shall forfeit and lofe his, her, thereof, or va-: or their said flocks of coffee and tea, or the value thereof ; one,ue* half to her Majefly, and the other half thereof to the ufe of the feizor or informer, to be recovered in any of her Majefly Ycourtt aforesaid.

XLIV. Provided always. That if any such companies or I0j ^

-	perfbns fi> chargeable for any flocks of coffee or tea, shall pay tor prompt her MajeftyY duties for the fame, before the end of the said fix payment, -months, then they nefpeftively shall be allowed for such prompt payment after therate of ten pounds per an tom per annum, for

’every fum fo advanced; and in case of exportation thereof, or any part thereof, within eighteen months after entry made, as

-	aforefaid, the said duties payable by. this for fiich part of -the fame flocks as (hal) be » exported, shall be diichargedor repaid.

XLV. And whereas, open the garbling and of pepper, t Ann. c. 7. great quantities of fonts, dirt, and trajb have been found, and new 7* remaining in tie warehoufes appointed by	of the

-tuflomsfor the rtahvmg of pepper, by virtue of	the	ninth

■ef the Queen, and-mere of the fame may probably be found atneng 'the peppery to bo imported, and tot fame being of no ufa, either to the importers or buyers •, be h enadted by the authority aforesaid,.	..

That the commiffioners of her Majefty’s cufloms for the time &c<

.being, shall have hereby, at the requefl of the importers or among peppeg

Srs, power toeaufe fiich (tones, dirt, or other trafli, to be or coffee, to oyed, from time to time, in such manner as they shall •* deftroyed. ■think fit, fo as no prejudice doth or shall arife to the revenue thereby; and the said commiffioners shall have the like power,

.with refpedt to any (tones, dirt, or tra(h that may be found amougfl coffee to be lodged in ware-houfes, in purfuance of this alt $ and the refpedtive ware-houfe keepers shall be dif-	•’1

charged in their refpedtiye books, of fo much pepper or coffee as shall be fo deftroyed, as aforesaid.

XLV I. And moreover be it enadted by the authority afore- Duties on gilt faid. That there shall be raifed, levied, anfwered, and paid, and (liver unto and for the ufe of her Majefly, her heirs and fuccefibrs, for and upon alt. gilt and Giver wire, which at any time or times Great Britain within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned (or ji years from the firft day of July, one thousand feven- hundred and from-r July, twelve, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Iffy	*

■ Great Britain (over and above all cuftoao6, fubfidies, and du- taaj L^g^o. tics already impofed thereupon) the duties following ; that is to 1. c. 7. f. 1. ’ fay, For all gilt wire imported, 3s aforesaid, a duty after the • i .	rate





4*6

Duties on ira ported wire to beraifed ai the duties on lope and * torch.

10 Ann. c. r?.

Her Majefty or treauny to appoint com-snimoncrs.

whom to

fubftitute inferior officers.

The monies to he paid into the Exchequer.

Anno dedtno A	vc. ±6. *•

rads of one faiWmg for every ounce Thy; and far all fihrer wise iaopoited, as oforefaid, nine pence far every such ounce, and proportionally far greater or lefler quantities, to be paid down , in ready-money by the importer thereof, from rime to time, f>e-fare the landing of the fame; and for and upon all gilt snd fifver wine, which at; any time or times, within or during the fame term, frail be made in Great Britain, the duties fottorwmg; that is to fay. For aH gik -wine fa made in Great Britain, atxhny after the rate of eight pence for every ounce 'Trey; and far au freer wire fa made in Great Britain, a duty after the race of fa pence far every ounce They, and proportionally far greasier or Idler quantities, to be paid by the mdeersthereof rtfeediydr.

XLVII. And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid^ That the find duties Upon gilt and fihrer wireimported, fhall be railed,

1 levied, recovered, and paid, and be brought into die laid Exchequer (to and for the ufes and purpofes in the faidaft ex-preOed) oy frch rules, ways, means, and methods, and un-. der faefa penalties and forfeitures, and with fiich allowances, and in such manner and form, as the duties upon imported fape, granted by one other aft of this feffion of parliament, and the duties on ftanrfi, granted by this aft, or any of them, are prescribed and appointed to be railed, levied, recovered, sn-fwered, and paid.

XLVIII. And for the better afbmaining, chaining, and fe-curiagthe duties by this aft fet and impofed upon gilt and frver wire made in Great Britain; be it further emfted by the authority aforefaki, That such comaniffionera ot peffans, as her Majesty, her heirs or Aieoeffars, or the high tmfurer of Great Britain now being, or the high trealurer of Great Britain, at any three or more of the commiffioners of -the treafary for the time befog, frail, from time to time, by one or more comitiidion or eommiffions for that purpofe, appoint, fraH he her Majefty's cumniffioners for the receipt and management of the fa»d duties fet and impeded Upon all the gilt ahdlilufr Wire made within Great Britain, chargeable by this aft which said commiffion-ers, or the major part of them rafpeftively frail and have hereby power,' by eommiffions Under their refpeftive hands and feats, to fubftitute and appoint under them such officers as fbfrl be requifite in that behalf; and that the fame Cofinthiflioners and officers far the said duties on wire shall have out of thofe duties such falaries and rewards for their fervjces therein, as the high treafurer, or any thrfce or more of the Commiffioners of the treafury for the tinle befog, shall think reafonable to eftablifh or allow in that behalf; and that the refpeftive commiffioners far the said duties on- wire to be made in Great Britain, for the time being, frail, from time to time, tfrafe all the money to arife for the said duties on gilt and filver wire to be made in Great Britain (the neceffary charges of management excepted) to be paid, as the fame shall arife, into the receipt of her Ma-jefty’s Exchequer in England, under th? penalties, forfeitures, 3pd difabiluics hcrcui ^xprcil^f

XUX, Awl





17* *.]	Awo	tkpow 4WML sd. a6.

XLIX, A*d u if hereby CPOiftad, That affand every person Wire drawer*

perfqps ,who at aay tipi? or tiros within or during the t0 &ive notlce term la£-m«ttmned, faff (tow or c*ufe to he drawn, any gold 3^ ottbeir or fifof; ipto big wire in {iftat Britain» fat give notice in „ames and Writing at the next office for the (aid ditties on wire, of their work-houfe*, rcfp/ejfae names and places q£ abode* and of the houfes or &c- °" places by,them rel'peclively nwda.ufe of, for the drawing or tureo i0*‘ tnakjLng of igch wtre farcin*. upon pain to forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every offence in dnwrieg.or canting to be drawn any fob wto, in soy houfe or plane, without having firft notified fa foie, as afprefaid * and fat no refiner, wire-drawer, or Otbe; ppriop or perfiro* fall, during the continuance of fa (aid duties .on wine* draw or cauffi to be drawn any gold, or (Over into fob wire as is eommonly called big , at any hpufe or place other than (bme common bar-houfe, to be approved by fa cpfnmUEppers for the said duties on wire Ibr An(1 of ,ht.ir that purppfc, upon pain to fasfeit the fum of twenty pounds for bar houfes. jevery offence therein*

L. And it is hereby enabled* That from and after the laid wire drawer*. £r$ day of July, one faufand (oven hundred and twelve, dur- let. make ing tlie continuance of fa (aid duties upon wire hereby granted* ent”e*»00 oil and every the refiqers, wirs-dtawers, and other panens, who “henextoffice shall draw, or caufe to hit drawn* any gilt or filver wife, eons- monthly, mpnly called tig win,as sferfoid, faff oaaciu every month make a true entry in writing at the next office for fa laid duties .of all fa gilt and fi}v«r wire by them Severally made or drawn’ within (uch month refpe&iydy; which entries shall contain-fa • weight and kinds of all fa wire mentioned therein* and bow much thereof refpedively was made in each week, on pain to forfeit, for every negJoff of entry, the faa of one hundred on forfeiture pounds s which entry faff he made upon fa oath of the re- of tool, finer, or pfar person for whom fa said wire was drawn, or of the chief workman employed therein, or (if he or fa be a Quaker) then upon bis or fair folemn affirmation, to fa beft of their refpeitive knowledge and belief 1 which entries, oaths, and affirmations fall and may be made with, and. adminiAred by fuph officer or officers at fall be appointed to take the fame, without any fee or charge whatfoever.

LI. Ann he it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, wiredrswer. That every refiner, wire-drawer, and other.perfon, who shall *»’ draw, or caufe to be drawn, any gold or filver wiee, as afore-faid, (ball, from time to nose, within fix weeks after they re- forfeiture ofi fipcAively fall make, or ought to have made, such entry, as a- double the Jorefaid, nay and clear off all fa (aid duties tor gilt and filver duty, wire whicn ihaff be due from them refpectively, upon pain of forfeiting double the fum of fa said duty whereof the payment shall have, been fo refufed or ncgledted.

LII. And it is hereby declared and ena<5ted, That all and eve- officers may

2/ the officers for the laid duties on wire, dull at all times, by enter any bar-ay or by night, and if in the night, then in the prefence of a conk boufe. See. at (table, or other lawful officer of the peace, be permitted, upon

his

el the wire.



Googk



Anno decimo Anna. c.

itju

Jail or their nequeft, to enter the bar-houfe, work-houfe, or othc place which shall be made ufe of by any person or perfon* fe , .the drawing or making of gilt or filver wire, eommorriy calk xtrirt, liable to tW laid duties, tad to take an account of tb - juft weight of the gilt and filver wire which shall have been ii , drawn or made from time to time; and shall thereof make re and make re turn in writing to the commiffioners of the said duties upon wire tb*reot., or such as they shall appoint to receive the fame, leaving a tru fioner»Ti«[v-*rC®Py-hereof (ifdemanded) with the maker of the said wire inga copy .upon whom such return of the said officer shall be a charge; thereof with .and if the (aid officer shall refufe to give or leave such copy (be the maker, on-iog demanded,, as aforelaid) every (uch officer, for every such pain o 40 s. 0f^.ncc> shall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to every such refiner, wire-drawer, or other perfon, as aforelaid.

LIII. Provided always. That if such charge be made by taking the weight of the gold and filver m such big wire at the bar-houfe,. as aforelaid, then an-allowance of one fifth part shall be

If charge be taken at the bar houfe, one fifth to be

allowed.	made in confideration of the wafte to be fuftained in reducing tbt

fame to (mail wire.

’ officers to be L1V. Provided alfo, That every officer who shall be hnpow-fworn.. ered to make such charge, as aforesaid, (hall, in the; ftrft place, be fworo for the due and faithful execution of his office; which oath shall and may. be adminiftred by all or any the commiffioners of the bid dunes upon wire, or by any juftiee of the peace, . who shall give to such offioer a certificate thereof: and all per-Wire-drawer*; foas chargeable with the said duties upon wire, are hereby re-t0 mT* a	to	keep fufficient and juft feales and weights at the (dace

fbalM ^n'fbr- or places where he, she, or they do make such wire, and per-feiture of 10I. mit and afiift the officer to make ufe thereof for the purpofes a-forefaid, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be forfeited tad loft for not keeping finch feales and weights, or for-not permitting and a {lifting the officer to ufe the feme, as aforesaid.

.	LV.	And be it enaded. That if any maker of wire fhallob-

offiw forfeits or hinder any of the feid officers in die execution of any ,ol.	the powers given to him orthem by this ad, for afeertaining

and fecuriug the feid duties upon gilt and filver wire, the perfoo ,or persons offending therein (hall, for every (uch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

Wire-drawer . LVI. And if is hereby further enaded. That no refiner, wire-not to remove drawer, or perfon, who (hail xlraw, or caufe to be drawn, any S"noSe?on SiU ®r fi‘verJ "■*» “ «forefaid, after the said firft day of Jnfy, pain of 40 L one thouland (even hundred and twelve, during the contkni-ance of the (aid duties upon wire, Audi (under pain of forfeiting forty pounds for every offence) remove, carry, or (end away, or fufter to be removed, carried, or fent away* ahygiit or flivver wire by. or for him? her, or them made or drawn, of which no account shall have been firft taken by the proper officer of , ihp fjud duties* from the bar-houfe, or place where the lame *vit;e shall have,been made or drawn, without giving to the pro* per .officer four and twenty hours notice at the lead of his, ber, or their intention to remove, carry, or (end away the fame, that

 t^ooQle

17 ii .]	Anno detimo Ahum. c. a	405

fo the said officer (without his own wilful default)' may have time to weigh and take an account thereof.

L VII. And for the better afcettalning the fold duties upoh wire not fur. wire, it Is hereby enadted, That alt perlorts, by or for whom veyed to be any wire shall be made or drawn, as afoitfaid, mail, from time !*P**'at*» bo time, keep all the wire fo made, and which fhall not have on pain0 101* been furveyed and taken an account of, feparate and apart from all the gilt and filver wire which fhall have betti furveyed and taken an account of, as afbrefaid, for the fpkee of four and -twenty hours after thst making or drawing the fame, unlefs such wire fhall have been fooner furveyed and taken an account of by the said prdper officer, on pain to forfeit, for every offence therein, the fum of ten pounds.

LVIII. And it is hereby enadted, That if any the said persons wire conceal. by or for Whom any such gilt or filver wire, commonly called ed forfeits 10U big wire, fhall be made or drawn, as afbrefaid, fhall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cailfe to be hid or concealed, any wire changeable by this adt, or any bars of filver prepared for making the lame, with intent to defraud her Majefty, then, and in every such cafe, the offender fhaU forfeit the fum of twenty 'pounds for every-fuch offence.

1 LIX. And it is hereby'filrther enadted by the authority afore- w-ire> &Ci faid, That all gilt and filver wire, and all bars for making such found in pri-wire, which fhall be‘found in any private workhoufe, and all vate work-private dt fen fils for barring or drawing of such wire, of which	^fc*

notice fhall have been given as this adt diredts, fhall be forfeited and loft, and the fame, or the value thereof, fhall and may be feized and recovered by any officer of the said duties upon wire, for her Majefty’s ufe.	’

LX. And it15s hereby further enadted by the authority afore- Wire, materi-faid. That all such gilt and filver-wlre, and all the materials and utenfils for the1 making oP such wire, in the cuftody of any withg”e du-maker or makers of Wire* or of any person or persons to the tie, in arrear, ‘ the ufe of, Or in truft for fnch makes or makers of Wire, fhall be. See. liable arid ftbjedt to, and are hereby made chargeable With all the dfebts and duties for gilt and filver wire in arrear, and owing by such maker or makers, for any wire rtado‘by him, her, or them, or in his or their workhoufes or places afbrefaid, arid also be fdbjedt to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person of persons fo using fifth Workhoufe or other place, for1 ( any offence against this adt relating to the said duties upon wire; v and that it fhall and may be lawful in all such cafes to levy debts and penalties, and ufe such proceedings, as may lawfully be done in Cafe the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the fame.

LXI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, ^ ;n hand That for all gilt and filver wire, commonly called big wire,oniJuly,t7it. which any wire-drawers, refiners, or other traders or dealers in’topay one any filch wife, or any person or persons in truft for them W j"”®* any of them, or for their or any of their ufe, fhall be pofleffed of or interefted in, upon the said firft day of one tboufand

fcven

.

.

43®

and to fee en« tertcf at the proper office, on forfeiture of 501. and the wire not catted*

and the duty to be paid or fecured in 6 days.

tol. per cent, for prompt payment. Kefufing to pay, forfeits double the dhty.

Officers may enter (hops, &c. to view flock.

Refbfaltoper mit them‘tor* teitt 10 i.

Anhtf cfeehno	t.ifr.



(even hundred and twelve, for fale, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majefty one half of the like refpective rates attd duties as are by this a& to be paid for the like forts of gilt and fil-ver wire refpe&ivefy to be made or imported after the fiakf firif day o£ July, one thousand fev£n hundred ana twelve j and that all and every the said refiners, wire-drawers, or other taraden and dealers in gilt and filver wire, and aIT and every other per-fon and perfons, who, in truft for them or any of them, or for the ufe of them dr any of them, shall be poflefied of, or have in his or. their cuftody or pofTefTion, or in his, her or their workhoufe, warehoufe, florehoufe, (hop,. room, or other place or places whatfoevdr, upon the said firfl day of July, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, any flock, parcel, or quantity of ftscb big wire for fale, (hall, on or before the said firfl day of Jufa one thousand feven hundred and twelve, make a true and par* ticular entry thereof at the office for the said duties on wire, within the limits of which they shall refpe&ively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the fom of fifty pounds* and the gilt and filvcr wire for which np/ueh entry fhaft have been made ; and within fix days after he, she, or they shall have made such entries, as aforesaid, shall jay down the duties hereby payable for such gilt and filvo’ wire, or within the said fix days mail give fecuri* ty to the'proper oncers for paving the lame duties to her Ma-lefty’s ufe within six months then next enfuing * and in cafe the laid duties for such dock of gilt and hlver wire be paid down witb-in the /aid fi'x daysr then there shall be allowed out of the fame duty, for such propipt payment, an allowance after the rate of fen pounds per centum per annum for the said time of six months j and that alf and every such wife-drawers, refiners, and other traders and dealers in such wire, as aforesaid, who shall refafe or negledl to make such payment, or to give such fecurity for payment of the said duties for his, her, pr their said flock of wire, within tt^e titpe by this acl ljmited for that purpofe, fhall forfeit double the fum of the said duty which fhould have been fo paid or fecured hy him, her, or them* as aforesaid ; and that it fnall and may be lawful to and far the proper officers for the feme duties reipedively, to take a true and particular account of all filch flock or quantities qf big wire, as any wire-drawers, refiners, and othet traders and desuers in fiich wire, or any in trufl for them, shall on the said firfl day oijuly, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, have or be pofTefied of; and for that purpofe fhall be permitted in the day-time to enter into any mop, warehoufe,/workhoufe, or aqy dwelling^hoqfe, out-hotife, or other places belonging to such perfons,-and every of them j who are hereby required to permit such officer and officers, upon his or their requeti, to make such entrance on the said firfl day of julyr one thousand feven hundred and twelve, or afterwards, at any time before the duly laft mentioned, fhall be paid or fecured, and to take an account of the quantity of such big . wire, under the penalty of twenty pounds.; and if any person or perfqns having on the said firfl day o( July, one thousand feven

2	hundred



ijrtr.J Annodedmcr A»NJt. c.i£.	.431

hundred and twelve, in his, her or their cuftody or po&flfony

any ftock or quantity of big wire chargeable by this ad with the

£Ud half duties for flock, as aforesaid, shall dafndeflinely remove Clandeftinely

or carry away, or caufe or fuffer to hie removed or carried away,	,

the fame or any part thereof, before her Majcfty's duties there-	'£?'

upon shall be paid or fecured, as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently

conceal or hide any port of his, her, or their hod ftock of wire, 1

that then and in every such cafe, he, foe, or they fo offending,

for every such offence shall forfeit the fam of twenty pounds

and in m and every (uch. cafe and cafes, the flock or quantity of

wore which shall be fo clandeftincly removed or carried away, or

fraudulently concealed or hid,, foall be forfeited, and shall and

may be feized by any the laid officers for the said duties on wire

and the peifon or pcofons in whofe cuftody such ftock of wire

(hall be found, who shall not, before the difcovery thereof, give

notice at the next office for the (aid duties on wire, of the flock

or quantity'of wire (b in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion*

(ball also forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty (hiliings for every pound weight.

. LXU. Provided always, and it Is hereby enafted by foe au* On exporta-thority aforesaid. That in cafe any person or persons whatfoe- tion of gold ver (hall, at any time or times after foe firft day of July, onethr*jat,> ^c. thousand fevwv hundred and twelve, during the continuance oft the (aid duties owffilt and filver wte, export, by way of mm*lflS£L chandize, for any foreign parts, any gold or filver thread, on from the cu. any goM or filver lace or fringe, made of plate wire fpon upoutjfo"1*^ &c-fiik, and fttalL give fofikrient fccurity before, foe (hipping, thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of such thread, or back, of such lace or fringe^ intended to be exported, as aforesaid, and every past thereof, shall not be wlanded or brought again info Grtat Britain,, and shall ihake proof upon oath, or by fifth affirmation, as aforesaid, that the said gold and filver thread, .oft foe said gold and (liver lace, or fringe, was a&ually made-after the said firft day of Jafy, one thousand feven hundred and twelve (which fecuritic* Audi be taken in her Majefty’s name,, and to her ufe; and the (hid oaths and affirmarions fhaii bead^ miniftred by the cuftomer or collector of tlft refpedfive port fen such exportation) that then and in every fiiclk cafe, the faidcft->

(lomer or collector shall give to foe exporter, thereof a debenture* exprefling the true kinds and quantities of such gold or (lives thread, and gold and filver lace or fringe, fo exported or (Up- . ped to be exported, and the exportation or (hipping thereof bew ing certified by the fearther upon the said debenture, the col* k&or or receiver for the said duties upon wire (upon producing the faid- debentures fo certified to him) shall forthwith pay a drawback or allowance, after the rate of five (hitting* for everjp pound weight averduptis, of such filver thread, lace, or fringe^ and after the rate of fix (hillings and eight pence for every pound weight avtrdupoisy of such gold lace, thread, or fringe, out of the monies of thefaid-duties on wire, then in the hands of such receiver or collector, without fee or reward 3 and if such receiver

or





43*

Ahno'dedmo Ann®, c. 261	[17ft?

or edUe&or flull not have money in his hands to pay any such debenture, then the refpe&ive commiflioners of the laid duties upon wire are hereby required to pay or caufe to be paid the laid debenture out of any the duties on gilt or diver wire arifing by this aCt i any thing herein contained to the contrary not with -{landing.

All the tww- LXlu. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforr&id, ersmiaCar.i. That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, other excite methods, penalties, and forfeitures^ clauses, matters, and alts, to be in things, which in and by an aCt made in the twelfth ye^t* of the force, forma- reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for taking a-nagmg thefe waj the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by “**** knights fervice, and purveyance, and, for fettling a revenue upon Ins Majefly in lieu thereof; or by any other law now in force relating to h^r Majefty’s revenue of excife, upon beer, ale, or other li~ , quors, are provided, fettled, or eftablilned, for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or airertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cafe for which other penalties or provifions are 1 made and preferibed by this aCt) shall be exercifed, pra&ifod, applied, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and pay-. ing the said duties upon gut and {ilver wire hereby granted, dicing the continuance of this ad, as fully and effectually, to ail intents and purpofes, as if all and every the laid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, daisies, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and agun enacted in the body of this present aCt.

All fines to be LXIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, fuedforaaby That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in relation to the said the laws of	duties by this aCt impofed upon gilt and filver wire, shall be fued

exale.	for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means,

and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is and may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by any aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any her Majefty’s courts before mentioned 3 and that one moiety of such fine, penalty, and forfeiture, relating to the said duties on wire (not otherwise directed by this aCt) shall be to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to him or them that Hull difeover, inform, or foe for the fame.

Commiffion. LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted by the au-ers for thefe thority aforesaid, That such persons as shall be, in purfuance duties to have Df this aCt, appointed commilimners for the duties on gilt and ffiaioiTas^1^ ^vcr wire> tQ ^ in England, Wales, or Berwick upon commiflioncrs	(hall and may have and exercife the fame or like jurif-

of excife. diCtion, power, and authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate or order, in all cafes and matters relating to the said duties on gilt and filver wire arifing within the limits aforesaid, as the comtniflioners of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, may or lawfully can exercife, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or

order.



4 33

*7 * t.] Anno dccimo Annas. c. 26*

order, in the like cafes or matters in relation to the said duties of exctfe, by any law or ftatuto now in force.

LXVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, During this That during the continuance of the said duties upon gilt and fil- n° ver wire by this acft granted, no gold or filver thread^ lace, fringe, bcimpoited, or other work made thereof, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain^ upon pain of being forfeited, and upon the further penalty of one hundred pounds to be paid by the importer for every parcel fo imported; and that one moiety of such forfeitures (hail be to the Queen, her heirs and facceflbrs, and the ' other moiety (befidcs full cofts of fait) to him or them that fhall feize, inform, or fue for the Tame m any of her Majefty’s courts aforesaid.	,

* LXVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, Policies of af-[That there fhall be raifed, levied, colledted and paid, to and for furancetopay 1 the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon as- +d* f°r I every policy of affiirance, which lhall, at any time or times ) within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned Madfjerpctud i from the firft day of AugUjl, in the year of out Lord one thou- by 3 Geo.i. t land feven hundred and twelve, be made or entred into within c* 7*

1 the cities of London or Wefiminjler^ or elfewhere within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, the fum of two (hillings and four pence, over and above all such duties as are already cliarge-i able upon the fame, by any adt or adts of parliament formerly' made in that behalf.

LXVIII. And be it declared and further enadted, That all Policies of af-deeds, inftruments and writings, for the payment of any fum of furancc dc-money upon the loss of any lnip or goods, or upon any lofs.by 1 fire, or for any other purpofe for which any writing, commonly called a policy of affurance or infarance, is or hath been ufa-ally made, fhall be conftrued, deemed and adjudged to be poli-1 cies of aflurance within this adt, and to be charged with the du-1 ty laft mentioned.

LXIX. And be it further enadted, That the fame duty upon Commifljon-1 such policies, deeds, inftruments, and writings, as aforesaid, ers of the •fhall be under the government of the commiffioners for the time na^thefe11*" being, appointed to manage the duties charged on ftampt vel- duties. * C lum, parchment and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the^ neceffary officers under them for that purpofe, and to caufe one or more new (lamp or ftamps to be provided, to denote the fame duty, and to do all other things neceffary to be by them done for the putting this adt in due execution, with relation to the fame duty.

LXX. And for the better Retiring the fame doty, be it fur- *eiium ther enadted, That all ycllum, parchment, and paper, upon &c. to be 9 which any such policy shall be written or printed, (hajl, before (tamped beany name of any perfon, or any particular day, time, or fum tore the aflur-of money shall be written or printed therein, be brought to the head office for (lamping and marking of vellum, parchment, and	* *

paper; and the fame commiffioners, by themfdves oc their of-

Vot. XII.

F f

iicers.



Penalty for writing the aflurance before ftampod,

s»-

Anno dednao Ann c. tL.	(1711.

fibers* shall forthwith, upoa demand, from time to time, ftaeig

or mark, as this a& directs, any quantities or parcels of tick vellum, parchment, or paper, he or they paying the dutv hereby payable for the fame, without any fee or reward, *na without delay ; which ftamp or mark to be put thereupon, in .pursuance of this a<ft, shall be a fufficient discharge for the feme duty. '

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefeid, That if any person Or perfons, who (nail, from ana after tic (aid firft day of Augujly one thousand feven hundred and twd?c, write or caufe to be written, any name of any perfon, or any day, time, or fum of money, in or upon such policy of afiur-ance, deed, inftrument, or writing, as aforesaid, or Sign, (cal, execute, or fubferibe the iiune, before the veUum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the fame shall be printed or written, (hafl appear to have been fo duly (lamped or marked, that then every ifuch person fo offending (hall, for otery such offence, forfeit tbs fum of five pounds; the one moiety thereof to her Majefty, he heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with fuh cods of fuit,# to such person or persons as shall inform and fue for the fame in any of her Majefty’s courts of record, by a<flioa of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein noelloin, .privilege, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed; and that a any such policy of affurance (hall, during the term lad mentioned, be fignea, fealed, executed, or fubferibed, upon veUum, parchment, or paper, not appearing to have been duly damped or marked, according to law, that then and in every such cafe, there shall be paid toller Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors (ovc and above the duties hereby payable) for every such policy c: No such policy aflurance, the fum of five pounds \ and that no such policy d good, tills 1. aflurance shall be available m law or equity, or be given in evi-be paid to the dence, or admitted in any court, unlefs as well the said duty ai?£ hereby charged, as the said fum of five pounds shall be firft paid alk>	to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs or lueceflbrs, and a receip:

produced for the fame, under the hand of the receiver general for the time being of the ftamp duties, or of his deputy or dcri, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such policy of aflurance is fo figned^ fealed, executed, or fubfefibed, (haul be marked or (lamped according to the true meaning hereof; and the said receiver general, and his deputy or.cleric, are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duty payable by virtue hereof, and of the (aid fum of five pounds, to give a receipt for such money, and the other proper officers are thereupon requited to mark or ftamp such policy of aflurance with the proper mark or (limp requifite in that Jbe-half.

Counterfeit-	LXXI I,	And be it further enafted. That if any person or

tug ftamp* fe- persons (hall, at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge lony.	any ftamp or mark, to refemble any ftamp or mark, which dull

be provided, made, or ufed, in purfuance of this a<ft, or fluli counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of the feme, upon any

vellum,

' 

m

, tpiii]	Anna dcdmo AkUJb.	c.

Vellum, parchment, or paper, thereby fo defraud herMajefty* her heirs or fiKceflors, of the duty hereby granted and made payable for or in refpeft of such policy of aflurance, or shall utter, vend or fell any vellum, parchment or paper with counterfeit mark or ftamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeit; or if any person whatfoever shall privately and fraudulently ufe any ftamp or mark, which shall be provided or ufed in ppriuance of this aft, fo as thereby to defraud her Ma-jefty, her heirs or fucceflors, of the duty hereby granted for such policy of aflurance, then every such person (o offending, and being thereof convifted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of ckf^y.

LXXIII. And be it further enafted, That all other powers* Theft duties authorities, penalties, forfeitures, directions, provifions, articles, to be raifed as matters and things, which are enafted, impofed, or contained {JrrendmTc -in one other aft made in this present feflion of parliament (where- o/copyhold C# in certain other duties are granted upon ftampt vellum, parch- landt^ meat, and paper) with relation to the duties thereby granted ioAnn*,c.i9, rand made payable, for and in refpeft of any furrender of or admittance to any copyhold lands or tenements within thole parts of Great Britain, called England, JValesy and the town of Ber-r*vid upon Tweed, and not hereby othetwife dhtfted or provid-	*

cd for, shall be praftifed, applied, obferved, and executed, with -^relation to the said duty on policies of afliirance, in as full and ample manner, as if the fame, and every of them, were herein -fully and particularly repeated and re-enafted with relation to -the fame duty hereby granted.

LXXIV. And be it hereby enafted and declared, That no- Not to extend thing in this aft, or in any other aft of parliament palled for to warrants of -granting any duties upon damped vellum, parchment, or paper,	chief ju-

-fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge the said ftamp	m ****

-<luties, or any of them, on any warrants or inftruments which fhave been figned, or that hereafter shall be figned by the chief justices in eyre, or by any warden, lieutenant, or other officer •of her Majefty’s forens or chafes, or any of them, or by their officers, or any of them, for any matter or thing relating to iheir refpeftive offices.

LXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted. That Coramiffiou-jevery perfon, who shall be appointed a commiflioner for all or ers andofficert any the duties granted by this aft, and every fubordinate officert0 wonu under such commiflioners, who shall receive any falary or allowance in refpeft of his office (the feveral commiflioners and officers of the cuftoms excepted) (hall, before his aftirtg in his re-' fpeftive truft, take an oath for his due and faithful execution of the fame, according to this aft; which oath shall and may be ad-ininiftred to any such commiflioners bv any other perlon who fhall be appointed a commiflioner, as aforeiaid, and to the said officers refpeftively, by any one of the said commiflioners, or by one juftke of the peace, who shall give to the officer a certificate thereof gratis.

F f 2	LXXVL	Pro*

 -

4*6

Perfons fucd

Anno dedmo Annjb. Ch26.*	[171t

LXXVI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaAed by

o^tlic^leathcr authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at or candlTaiU, any ^me or t*mcs b* fucd or profecuted for any thing by him or may plead the them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any mat-general iiTue. ter or thing in this ad contained, or in purfuance of, the (aid 9 Annas, c. u. former ad (intituled. An act for laying certain duties upon hide, and Jkins, tanned, tawed, or drejfed, and upon vellum and parchment, for the term of thirty two years, for profecuting the zuar9 and other her Majefly’s moft neceffary occafions,) or if any person or persons now is, or hereafter shall be fued or profecuted for any matte or thing by him or them done in purfuance of an ad of tht eighth year of her Majefty’s reign. For laying certain duties &

8 Anns, c. 9. car}j/e$f	urta 'm rates upon monies to be given with clerks and ap-

prentices, or in purfuance of an ad of the ninth year of her Ma-

9	Ann*, c. 6. jefty»g reign, for granting further duties on candles, and other dutii:

therein mentioned, such person or persons shall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence 5 and if upon the trial a verdid shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble cods to hint* or them awarded against such plaintiff a plaintiffs.

LXXVIJ. And to the end all the said rates and duties upon (kins and hides, and pieces of (kins and hides, made wares, vellum, and parchment, ftarch, coffee, tea, drugs, gilt and (jive wire, policies of affurance, and any other duties before by this aCt granted, may be duly and certainly raifed, and the (amt (except the.neceflary charges of executing this ad) may be juft-ly and duly brought into the said receipt of Exchequer, according to the true meaning hereof, it is hereby enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That from time to time, during the continu-Commifljon- ance of this a61, there shall be appointed such and fo many com-^beap^int!n?*®oncrs an(l officers as shall be proper and neceffary for ma-ed, who are to naging, railing, collecting, and paying the said feveral rates and be’liable to duties herein before gfanted, and for keeping and rendring the the aff9W.3. accounts of the fame 5 and that the refpeCtive comraiffioners and officers concerned therein, shall perform their feveral duties in relation to the premiffes, as to them refpeCtively shall appertain, under such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and difebilities, for any offence or negleCt therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any part of the monies arifing by the fame rates and duties, as are preferibed and to be inflicted by virtue of an aCt of parliament made and palled in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled. An for raying a fum, not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, for the like offence or negleCt relating to the duties thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, and mifappiying any part of the .monies which were granted or appropriated by the aCt lad-mentioned.

* • *	.	LXXVIH.	And

c.44



•	fc

ifit.] Annodecimo Annjb. c. 26.	437

LXXVTIT. And whereas if is intended that the said fevered rates and duties upon hides and Jkins, and pieces of hides and fSns, made wares , vellum, and parchment, and upon forth, coffee, tea, and drugt, and upon gilt and fiver wire, and the fetid duties upon poli- ’ cies of affurance, and all such Jum and fums of fnoney as Jhall arife or be brought into the receipt of her Majefly's Exchequer, by, upon, or for dll and every or any the rates and duties granted by this ah, Jhall oil together be made a fund or fecurity for raifing any fum not exceeding eighteen huptdred thoufmd pounds, towards your Majefy's fupply, by such methods, and in such manner and form as are herein after mentioned: now we your Majefty’s molt dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, for and towards the raifing the said fum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds, do further moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, ,6g003i.t0be That yearly and every year, during the term of thirty two years, the yearly 1 reckoning the firft year to begin from the nine and twentieth fund for deai-day of September, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, in£ t!Je the full fum of one hundred fixty eight thousand and three pounds, by or out of the monies to arife by or for the said feve- with intereft ral rates and duties herein before granted, or any of them, and at 61. per cent, to be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, from time to time, in cafe the fame shall extend to the said fum of one hundred fixty eight thousand and three pounds, shall be computed and reckoned to be a yearly fund ; and in cafe all the monies arifing into the Exchequer of or for all the rates, duties, and films of money charged, as aforesaid, shall not amount to one hundred fixty eight thousand and three pounds per annum, then the monies (o arifing, fo far as the fame shall extend, shall be part of the said yearly fund of one hundred fixty eight thousand and three poundfs per annum, for and towards the anfwering and paying off all and every the principal fums herein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to the fum of two millions	^

three hundred forty one thousand nine hundred and ninety pounds, principal money, together with intereft for the fame after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, as herein after (is also mentioned; and in cafe the said monies by this adt ap- Deficiency to pointed or appropriated, as aforesaid, (hall, at any time or times, be made good appear to be fo deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as °.u* °*	^

that within any one year to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the laid “ ^ in monies arifing into the Exchequer, for all the rates, duties, parliament, and fums of money charged, as aforesaid, shall not amount to fo much as one hundred iixty eight thousand and three pounds, that then, and fo often, ana in every such cafe, fo much as fhall be wanting to make up the said fund or fum of one hundred fixty eight thousand and three pounds, for every or any such year, shall be fupplied and made good, from time to time, by and out of the firft aid or fupoly to be granted in parliament next after such deficiency (nail appear, and (hall, from time to time, be transferred thereunto as (bon as thejamc shall be granted.

F f 3	LXXlX.And

Anno decimo- Aknjb. c. t6.

[17**.

Any perfoni LX3Q3C. And be it farther enabled to the authority afore-tHbutC C°Dt	That	it	(hall and may be lawful tor any petfon or per-

jopj! aTticket. ^on8> natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to con-‘	*	tribute	for	or	towards advancing the aforefiud fum of eighteen

hundred thousand pounds, by paying at or befpre the refpec-tivedays apd times by this ad limited in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for, that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of one hundred pounds, or divers in-tire fums of one hundred pounds upon this ad ; and that for the railing the (aid fum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds, any person who will become ^contributor or adventurer, shall and puy advance the fum of one hundred pounds, for which fum lb advanced, he, she, or they shall be entitled to receive inch principal money and the iptereft thereof, and foch premiums as Herein after is expreifed, to be paid by and out of the said yearly fund by this ad appointed; and that every contributor or adventurer may advance as many entire fums of one hundred pounds as he, she, or they shall think fit, and for every such fum of one hundred pounds fo advanced, he, she, or they is or are to be interefted in one lot or (hare of and in the (aid yearly ment.S ■	by this ad appointed; and the fame intire fums of one

hundred pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such receiver and receivers* at or before the refpedive days and times, and in the refpedive proportions herein after mentioned (that is to fay) one fourth part thereof, on or before the firft day of Avgvji, in the year of our Lord one thousand foven hundred and twelve ; oi>e other fourth part thereof, on or before the twelfth day of fopUmbir.y in the (aid year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve; one other fourth past thereof on or before the foar and twentieth day of	in the faid

year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve ; and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the fifth day of jp^emfor, in the said year of our Lord pne thousand (even hundred and twelve. *

EXP, The Qupeo-to appoint manager*, whp are to meet together at forae pob-

)ick once. Books to be provided with three columns* &c. Receivers to be appointed by the lord treafurer, dec. Managers to examine the books, and to deliver them to the receivers, &c. Tickets to be delivered out. Receivers to redeliver the books by xo Sept, 1719* Ourermoft column tickets not difpofed of to j^c delivered into the Exchequer, and thence ifTued as cafh, &c, and the bearers to be efteemed contributors. Middle column tickets to he rolled up and put into a box. Innermoft to remain in the books. There fhall be printed eighteen thousand tickets, divided into five dalles $ thp firft clafiis to confift of one thousand and five hundred tickets, upon one of which tickets shall be writ one thousand pounds, upon one hundred forty and five other tickets, two hundred pounds, and upon the remaining one thousand three hundred fifty and four tickets, one hundred and nve pounds 5 the second clafiis to confift of two thousand five hundred tickets, upon one of which fhalibe writ Jbree jhouiand pounds, upon one other two thousand pounds, upon one Other one thouttnd pounds* upon one other five hundred pounds, upon ’four other four hundred pounds, upon five other three hundred pounds, ppontwo hundred twenty and nine other two hundred pounds^ and upon

tbo

Annodeeimo AtfifM.	439

the remaining two* thousand two hundred fifty and eight tickets fell he leveraUy writ one hundred and ten pounds} the third clafiis to coufift of three thousand and five hundred tickets, upon one of which ihall be writ four thousand pounds, upon one other three thousand pounds, upon one other two thousand pounds, upprv one other one thousand pounds, upou one other five hundred pounds, upon four other four hundred pounds.

Upon five other three hundred pounds, upon thtee hundred twenty fix other two hundred pounds, and upon the remaining three thousand one hundred and fixey tickets one hundred and fifteen pounds$ the fburth claffi* to confift of four thousand and five hundred tickets, upon one of which shall be writ five thousand pounds, upon one other four thousand ppunds, upon one other three thousand pounds, upon one other two thou*' farid pounds, upon one other one thousand pounds, upon one other five liundred pounds, upon four other four hundred pounds, upon five other tpree hundred pounds, upon four hundred twenty and three other two hundred pounds, and upon the remaining four thousand and fixty two tickets one hundred ana twenty pounds * the fifth clafiis to Confift of fix thousand tickets, upon one of which fhall be writ twenty thoufand: fiounds, upon one other five thousand pounds, upon one other four thousand pounds, upon one other three thousand pounds, upon one other two! thousand pounds, upon one other one thousand pounds, upon <?ne other five bundled pounds, upon four other four hundred pounds, upon five: other, three hundred pounds, upon five hundred and leventy other two hundred pounds, and upon ttye remaining five thousand four hundred and' fourteen tickets shall be writ one hundred twenty five pounds < which films together with five hundred pounds to the firit drawn ticket of each repetitive clafiis, and five hundred pounds to the owner to the laft drawn ticket, of each clafiis, will amount to two millions three hundred forty one thousand nine hundred and ninety, pounds. The 1S000 tickets-to be put into 'five feverai boxes. No money to be received after i Aug. 171s*

Publick iiottce of the time of cutting the tickets. The manner of drawing the tickets. The manner of filing the tickets. The manner of en-tring the tickets of the fcvcral dafles. The spanner of adjufting the fe-veral premiums. The tickets to be paid in foch numerical order, as they Ihall be drawn. Zee. The firft clafiis to be firft paid, See. A table of the number, order, and courfe of the tickets, Sec. to be printed. Managers to adjudge to whom the premiums belong. Forging tickets felony. Ma-	,

nagers to make a book of the fortunate, 8$c. and tranfinit it to the Exchequer. Payments to be made quarterly. Managers to be fworn 1 penalty on officers of the Exchequer, and other officers offending. Money lent tax-free. Tickets to be exchanged for (landing orders. How the firft and ifecaad year’s intereft of large premiums shall be Secured. Orders to be paid in courfe, Sec. Trtafury may divide extraordinary benefits of soool. or upwards into orders of 500I. The monies appropriated by this att, to be applied to pay off the principal and intereft. Surplus dilpofa-ble by parliament. Publick notice to be given when ftandirtg orders shall become payable. Eight pence per cent, per diem to Sept. 1712. allowed for the firft payment. Four pence per cent, per diem, for the other three payments. Receivers to take in money before they receive their books.

Contributor advancing one part of the payment, and failing in the reft, forfeits what is paid, «c. Officers to be paid out of the money arifing by this a&. If principal and intereft be fully paid off before the 3s years, the duties to be difpofed of by parliament. Treafury to appoint a pay* matter, Sec. Affignments of Handing orders to be regiftred. EXP.

CVI. And for the more effe&ual preventing the frauds chandler to of the chandlers and makers of candles for fale, whereby declare to the her Majefty’s duties upon candles are very much leflened 3 officers,before be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every be begins to chandler or maker of candles for fale, who, from and af- ^candlcs^the ter the firft day of Auguft) one thoufimd feven hundred and

F f 4	twelve.





440

number of Kicks he de-figns to make, with the 1i7.cs of the candles, and how many moulds he designs to fill, &c.

on forfeiture of 10I.

No chandler to begin a courfe of candles without notice, unlefa within the fta tute hours.

7 Annas, c. i

Anno dccimo Annje. c. t6;	£	1711:

twelve, (ball make any candies for fale, (hall, before he begins to make or dip any making or courfe of candles, declare to the officer or officers appointed to take an account of the fame* the number of flicks which he defigns to make at fuch.making or courfe, andalfo the fizes of the candles whereof each (lick is to confifl; and if such making or courfe is intended to be of mould candles, then such maker mall declare to such officer or officers, before he begins to fill any of the said moulds, how many moulds he intends to fill at such making, and how often he intends at such making to draw the said moulds; and in cafe any chandler or maker of candles for fale, Uiall negledfc or refufe to mSke such declaration, as aforesaid, or (hall, after such declaration made, make any increafe of his number of flicks, or of the fizes of his candies in such making or courfe, over and above the number and fizes fo declared, as aforesaid, or in the cafe of making of mould candles shall fill a greater number of moulds, or draw such moulds oftener than (ball be declared, as aforesaid; or in cafe any chandler or maker of candles Q12U, after the weighing of any making of candles by the officer w officers appointed to take an account of the lame, increafe the weight of such candles, fo weighed, by redipping the fame, or otherwise; then and in any of the said cafes, such chandler or maker of candles for fale, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and mitigated, by the fame ways, means, and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture can or may be recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any of the laws of cxcife, and to go one moiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety to the person or persons who fhall inform or fue for the fame.

CVIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid,. That from and after the said firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, no chandler or maker of candles for fale shall begin to make any courfe or making of candles, with-- out notice thereof firft given to the officer for the said duties, for the place or divifion where such maker fhall inhabit, to the intent that such officer may takfe an account of the fame, unlefs at such times as are herein after mentioned; that is to fay, from the twenty ninth day of September to the twenty fifth day of March, yearly, between theiiours of feven in the morning and five in the evening 5 and from the said twenty fifth day of March to the twenty ninth day of September, yearly, between the hours of five in the morning and feven in the evening; upon pain, that every such chandler or maker of candles, doing contrary hereunto, shall forfeit and lofe, for every such offence, the fun of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, mitigated, and diilri-buted, as is laft before mentioned, r. CVIII. And whereas by an act made in the feyentb year cf her present Majefty, intituled, An a6l for afeertaining and dire&ing the payments of the allowances to be made for or upon the exportation

44i

1711.]	Anno	decimoAftsm. c• t6\

portation fromScotland' of fifh, beef, and pork, cured with foreign fait, imported before the firft day of May^ one thousand feven hundred and feven; and for difpofing of such fait flill remaining in the hands of her Majefty’s fubjfe&s there; and for ascertaining and Securing the allowances for fiih and flefh exported and to be exported from Scotland for the future; it is amcngfl other things enabled, That the allowances therein granted Jball oe paid and fatisfied out of any her Majejlys duties arifing upon fait in Scotland, or out of toe revenues ofcujloms and exeije in Scotland, or any of them, with preference to all other payments whatfo-ever to be made out of the fame*, the charge of raifing and managing thofe revenues, and the fees* friaries, and other charges, allowed or to be allowed by her Majefty, her heirs or fucujfors, for keeping up the court of feffion and jufliciary, and the Exchequer court in Scotland, ^always excepted and foreprized: and whereas Jmce the union the expence of keeping up the said courts could no othqrwtfe he provided for there than out of the duties of cuftom and excife \ and doubts may arife upon the provtfions made by the aft above recited for that purpose : for obviating and preventing of all such doubts, be it Fees, Salaries, enalted by the authority aforesaid. That the fees, falaries, and &c- for keep-other charges, allowed or to be allowed by her Majefty, her .heirs, or fucceffors, for keeping up the courts of felfion, and f jufticiary, and Exchequer court of Scotland, are and may be Scotland, to be chargeable upon any parts of the said cuftoms and excife, pre- charged on ferable to all other payments whatfoever, the charge of ma-th® <^ftoms nagement excepted, but fo as not any ways to prevent any ap- Geof i. plication of .the excrefcence out of the said cuftoms and excife c. »o. Li\ appointed by any former laws.

CIX. And whereas Hotwitbjlanting the provifion made for fup- Claufe for prejjing of unlawful lotteries, by an act made in the tenth year of the fupprefW reign of the late King William, intituled, An a£t for fuppreffing u«!awful j°t-of lotteries; and the further provifion made for fuppreffing the fame, therdericesof and for the preventing the erecting ory Jetting up any office or place, the fame kind. for making infurances on marriages, births, chrijlnings, or fervice, la&nW.j. by an aff made in the lafl feffion of parliament, intituled, An a& c-for reviving, continuing, and appropriating certain duties upon 9 Ann*>c* * feveral commodities to be exported, and certain duties upon coals to be waterbom and carried coaftwife; and for granting further duties upon candles for thirty two years; to raife fifteen hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred ana eleven; and for fuppremng of such unlawful lotteries, and such infurance of-. fices, as are therein mentioned; many ill difpofed perfons, with defign to evade the said laws, have of late prejumed to ereft and jet up offices or places for making infurances on marriages, births, (hr finings, or fervice, and also other offices or places under the denominations of fates of gloves, of fans, of cards, of numbers, and of the Queen's picture, for the improvement of fmall fums of money ; and (Mvertifements thereof are daily publifhed in the common and printed news papers, and otherwise; which practices are prejudicial to the publick, and to the trade of tins kingdom, and tend to defraud hr

Majejlys

Provifo for offices fet up before i* June, 1711*

Aan^ decffli© Atmjs. . afi.	£*711.

Mkje/tft fiKjt&s: be it further efta&cd by the authority afbn-faid, That the said aft of the tenth year of the lace King #££-Itam, and sdfo the said of the find tail feffien of padtanKot^ shall be duly put in execution for the etifeduai preventing and fopprefling all such unlawful lotteries and offices; and farther. That every person or persons who, after the twenty fourth fay of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hunched and twelve, fhaU ereft, fet up, or keep any office or places lor making infurances on marriages, births, din firings, or ftnto, or on any of them, or on any other office or pbee, under tfce fa-nominations of foies of groves, of fans, of carfo; of umber*, of the Queen’s piftnre, forthe improvement of fincH fares of money, or the like offices or places, under the pretence ef improving final} fonts of money, shall forfeit, for every fade offence, the Aim of five hundred pounds, to be recovered with eofts of foit by adSon of debt, bill, phim, or inform arian, in any of her Mejefty’s courts aforesaid, wherein ne^eflbm, ppoiec-tio«, wager of law, nor any more than one impariome* fbdl ho allowed; one third part thereof to the ufc of her Majefty, her heirs and ftrecoeflors, one other third part thereof to the aft of the poor of the panto of the place where the offence {hull be committed, and the other third part thereof, together witbfoH cofts of fuic, to the person orperfons who (balk iftform or 6m for the fame: and every printer or other perfon, who, far the said twenty fourth cray of Jbne9 one thoufimd fewen Inm-dred and rwehrc, (hall, by writing or printing, (faMi rft fo* ting up op keeping any such office or place wider any the faworei nations aforesaid, or like denominations, for the impwuemene of finaU Anns of money, (ball, for every foch offence, forfeit the fumof one hundred pounds, to borecovered anddiftribueed in such manner as the penalty Ia(V mentioned i» to be recovered and difiributed ; and every person or persons who, afore the faid1 twenty fourth dayof Tfar, one thoofend feven hundred and twtfve, in any office or place before the ftrki twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred andtwehre, ereftodorfct up*for making infurances on marriages, births, chrillmngs, re fervice, or under any either the denominations aforesaid, or any like denominations, for improvement of faaall (Inns, shall make or ftrifer to be made therein, any new inferairtes or oontrfa for new mfurances on marriages, births, ehriftomgs,or fervice!, or receive any payments into any the offices or places aforefad, for improvement of fmail fans of money, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the fum of one hundred pounds, to i>o recovered and ditoibuted in like manner.

CX. Provided neverthelefe, That the offices or places eteftd under the denominations aforesaid, fet up or ufed before the said twenty fourth day of June* one thousand feven hundred and twelve, may be continued after the said twenty fourth day,of June, one thousand feven hundred and twelve, for mafemg good and executing only such contracts therein refpedivefy made before the laid twenty fourth day of Jkne> one thou&nd

6	feven

17ii*l	Anno	decimo Anna. c.26.	^	fj

feven hundred apd twelve, as they might have been continued if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to' the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CXI. And whereas by the said all for> laying new duties on fop* Cake Tope or (amangft other things therein mentioned) it is required* That all fop* b*{! to he made during the term thereby granted, upon the making SutSwate. thereof* he put by the maker intoJittb tajks as are thereby prescribed*. and none	other* under the	penalty therein exprtjfed-, it is hereby f. 8.

declared, That the fame {hall not be conftrued to> extend to hard cake fope, or ball fope; any thing in that a& to-the contrary notwitbdanding.

GXU. And whereat	tupurjetante of an aS ef parliament of the Clatffc In fr-

eight byear of her. Mayeffs reign*, intituled* An a&fbr granting toyurof Mary her Majelly new duties of excife, and upon- feveral imported jaJJJ1,. Commodities •* and for eftablilhing a yearly fond thereby, and *	*	*'*

by other ways and means, to raifo nine hundred theufend pounds by Hue of annuities, and in default thereof by anotfces lottery, for the fervice of the year one thousand fovea hundred and ten ; Mary XaveneH, widow* became purchafer of ananmeitp of eighteen pounds per anaun, and paid into the retetpt	Exche- .

quer the three firjl payments*, according to the off* but of her	agent* one moiety	only of the fourth and payment

pend* and twenty five pounds remaining of the faii lew payment is yet unpaid* and by meats thereof the JadMuty RaveaeU	tot have am

order for payment of the feud aumuty* in purfuanto of the fmdaS\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, it {had and may be lawful to and for the foveral and reJjpcfUve. oificera at the receipt of the Excbeqper, to receive horn- the fold Ms Jbroentll* for her Majeft/s ufe, the fomof twenty five pounds ib omitted to be.paid, as aforefiud, and upon the-repeipt thereof, to levy such tafley for the said money, and to make out inch order for the payment of the said annuity of eighteen pounds per anaum*as they, refpedbvely might hove done, in cafe the said fourth and laft payment had been duly paid according to the diredions of the said a&, the said aft, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary thereof in any wifo notwith-ftanding,

_ CXIII. And iuhereat by an all puffed feffim ef par- ioAnn*,c.**« liament*	intituled* An a& for the relief of merchants importing

prize goods from America* prize cocoa ef the growth or produce of foreign plantations* not belonging to her Maytfiy or taken in America, is to pay only such duties and suftms. as the fame , would pay if it wore of tot growth and product of - plantations belongingto the crown of Great Britain $ on which a doubt is made by the officers of her Mayfly's	tufttms* what duties andaffioms fuch

prize cocoa is to pay* there not being any cufioms.impojid on cotta of the growth or produce of her Majeftfs pbut on cocoa imported from the fame; for remedy thereof, be it enacted and de- Prize cocoa elated by the authority aforesaid, That all prize eocoa of the )>hrou^Jrom growth or produce of fuch- foreign plantations, not belonging tions how to ?o the crown of Great Britaina taken in	now in ware* be charged.

houfea





444-	Anno	decimo	Anna.	C.	[ijrit;	j

hoofer under the Queen’s locks, or cm board any (hip dr fhips, veflel or veffels, now imported, or that hereafter shall be imported, into any part of Great Britain, having proper certificates : to prove the fame being prize, according to the meaning of the find a& for the relief or merchants importing prize good* from America, shall be fubje<9 and liable to no other duties than what such prize cocoa vfcas liable and fubjedt to pay by her Majefty*s declaration made in favour of the captors of prizes, dated the feventeenth day of May, one thousand feven hundred and three; any thing in the said or any other aft to the contrary not-withftanding.

CUafecon- CXIV. And whereas by the aft of parliament made in the ninth triMwkett Jiar °f Majeflfs reign, intituled, An a St for making good intended to be deficiencies, and fatisfying the publick debts ; and for ere&ing fubferibed in- a corporation to carry on a trade to the South Seas, and for en-to the South couragement of the fifhery; and for liberty to trade in un-by\irtue>of^#	iron	with the fubjefts of Spain; and to repeal the vBts

9 Annae,c.2i. for regiftring of feamen; (reciting therein, that part of the debt of the navy is afeertained by tickets made out for wages due to feameny and others, who ferved on board any of her Majejlfs Jhips) the com-miffitmers of the navy are thereby required to caufe an exaft and true account to be made up and delivered to the lord high trtafurer, of all the fend tickets made out on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand /even hundred and eleven; and fo much money as the find tickets Jhottld amount unto, arej by the said recited aft, direfted to be deducted (among other things therein mentioned) out of the feveral films therein before computed to be the debt of the office of the navjy victualling, tranfport and ordnance, in order to ascertain the fame, to be fubferibed tnto the pintflock of the said company, for the ufe of the publick; and the find tickets are, by the laid recited aft, direfted #	to be fubferibed, admitted, and taken into the joint flock of the find

company for the rejfeftive films due upon the fame refpefttvely, with fitch inters/! as in the find recited aft is mentioned: and whereas the tickets made out for wages due to feamen, and others, who ferved on board any of her Majefty's fhips, do only afiertain the time such per-fins ferved on board any of her Majefifs fhips, but not the wages hr money due to them, fo that such account cannot be made out as the find recited aft dire fts; be it therefore enafted by the authority afore-(aid, That no more or dther of the said tickets shall be fubferibed, admitted, br taken into the joint (lock of the said company than have been already fubferibed, admitted, and taken thereinto; and that all the tickets made out, or to be made out for such fervice, as aforesaid (except such of them as are already fubferibed, admitted, and taken into the joint ftock of the said company) shall and may be paid in such method and manner as the fame might or (hould be paid if they had not been dire&cd by the said recited a<ft to be fubferibed,- admitted, and tjaken into the joint (lock of the said company; and that '	there (halt and may be fubferibed into the joint ftock of the

faid company, for the ufe of the publick, such fum or fums as might or fcould have been fubferibed for the ufe of the publitk.



. 171*'}	Anno deamo Annas. 0.26.	\	445

if the said tickets had not by the said recited adl been dire&rfd to be fubfcribed, admitted, and taken into the joint flock of the faidxompany; any thing in the said recited adl to the contrary notwithflaoding: and all the flock which fhall be fub-icribed into the said joint flock of the said company, for the ufe . of the publick, fhall be applicable and applied, and are hereby appropriated to such ufes, as by the said recited adl is diredled, for and concerning the flock to be fubfcribed into the said company, for the ufe of the publick.

CX V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, Claufe to in* for the indemnity*of such perfons, who through negledl or in- demnify thofe advertency, have omitted to pay the feveral rates and duties	pay

upon monies given, paid, or contradled for with apprentices, the duties dn - and to have the indentures or contradls flamped within the apprentices, times for thofe purpofes refpedlively limited by the adts of parliament in that cafe made; that upon payment of the refpedtive rates or duties fo omitted or negledled to be pajd, as aforesaid, on or before the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve, to such per-fon or persons to whom the fame ought to have been paid, and rendring to be flamped such indentures or contradls fo omitted to be flamped, on or before the twenty fifth day of December, in , the said year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twelve, the fame indentures or contradls fhall be good and available in law or equity, and the apprentices therein named fhall be capable of following and exercifing the refpedlive intended trades or employments, as fully as if the rates and duties, fo omitted, had been duly paid within the refpedlive times in the said adls of parliament limited ; and the persons who have incurred any penalty by the omiffions aforesaid, are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from the said penalty; any thing in the said adls contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

CXVI. And be it enadted by the authority aforesaid, That Claufes 6f ap. all the monies lent, and to be lent to her Majefly upon one adt propriation cf of this feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an granted aitf to her Majefly, to be raifed by a land tax in Great Britain, for this feflion. the fervice of the year one thousand fevenhundred and twelve; and 10 Anuac, c.i. To much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby gtented, as fhall arife and remain after all the loans made or to be made upon that adt, or thereby transferred, or diredled to be transferred thereunto, and the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for the raifine the said tax, fball bo fatisfied, of money fufficient fhall be relerved, to difeharae the fame; and all the monies lent, or to be lent unto her Majefly, upon another adt of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An adt for charging and 10 Annate.?. continuing the duties upon mah, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervid of the year one. thousand feven hundred and twelve; and for applying part of the coinage duties to pay the deficiencies of the value of plate coined; and'to pay for recoining the old money in Scotland ; and fo much money of the said duties of malt, mum, cyder, and perry, thereby granted, as fhall arife and remain after all '

the





446	Atmo	demfco Ai&sM. ti.t/6.

lotos made, or to be made upon that adt, or thereby trans-t 'ferred, or dire&ed to be transferred thereunto, tod the intepeft .thereof, and the charge thereby allowable for the railing the laid duties thereby granted, shall be fatisfied, or money fuffi-cient shall be refervea to difchargethe iame; and all the monies of the dcdu&ion of two and a half per centum, which has been, or ought to be made from the pay, fubfidies, or other allowances for foreign forces in her Majefty’s fervice, for the year one thousand feven hundred and twelve; and aH the monies of the fom of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, arifen, or to acife by another ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled, soAsm*,c.T9< rfneQ for laying fevtral duties upon all fopt endpaper made in Great i Britain, or imported into the fame, and upon chaptered and flrrpad linens imported; and upon certain flits, tallicoes, hnens, and fluffs, printed^ painted* or flained; and upon feveral kinds of flump vet-Arm, parchment and paper \ and open certain printed papers, pamphlets, and aivertifements; for raifmg the Jam of one mifbott eight hundred thousand pounds Jby way of a lottery towards her Maflfbfs fltpply; and for Ucenfirtg an additional number of hackney chairs ; and for charging certain flocks of cards and See ; and for better feaermg her Majefifs duties to ari/e in the office for the ftamp duties hy &-ffnees for marriages and otberwije; and for relief of perflms who have not clouded their lottery tickets in due time, or have loft Exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon float {part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the ufe of the puilick y omot and above the allowances for prompt payment* «nd other allowances directed by the ad laft-mentioned; and ttesmonies which, over and above the allowances for prompt payment, and other allowances direded by this prefcnt ad, ihali arife of or for the said contributions, not exceeding the fom of eighteen hundredrtboufand pounds m this ad mentioned^ shall be appropriated for or towards the feveral ufes, intents, Orimaryof and purpofes herein after exprefled, (that is to fay ) for or to-fhe aavy. wards defraying the charges of the ordinary of her Majefry’s navy, and for viduals, wages, wear, and tear, and other ler-vices of the navy* and viduaHiqg thereof, performed and to be ^a feme* In performed, and forfeafervke in the ordnance, performed and the or naace.	f0	m	gjj	thc iffijej to be made out of the faid

aids or fupplies for ull the said naval or marine fervices, do ndt in the whole exoced two mtttiqas two hundred and fixty thou*-fend .pounds, over and above themoney tobemade good to the JLand forces to South Sea company, as is herein after mentioned; and for or a& with th°fe towards maintaining the ibody of forty thoufehd men, which o the aihes. wasualfod to.adrin coiyun&ion with‘the forces of her Majefry’ls Additional allies ; and for and towards mainuramg the additional forces of £7 the ten thoufend men, which weie taken into her Majefty's fervice, triw. °Ua* *3 the year pne thoufend fevefi hundred and three, in the Low Countries; and for or towards: maintaining a further number df additional forces in the law Countries, in the year one thousand fevan hundred and twdve, not exceeding fifteen thousand one hundred feecuty eight snen, ito .bp continued upon condition

that



_i£M4.3	Anno deqimo AxnJt. ^c.26.	44j

that the dates 'general of the United Provinces do agreeto add to such additional forces the proportion of three fifths to two fifths, fo as all the iflues to be made out of the said aids or fup* pliqyfor all the said forces, and additional forces before-menr tioned, do not in the whole exceed one million three .hundred twenty four thousand fovea hundred and twenty eight pounds, eighteen ihillings, and feven pence $ and for or towards defray* ing the charge of the Britijb and other forces in her Majeijty’s Bririfi and pay in Spain for one quarter .of a year, from Cbrijlms one thou- other forces in land feven hundred and eleven, to Lady Day one thou&nd foven sPain* hundred and twelve; and for or towards her Majelty’s proper- Charge of the tion of the charge of the war in Spain for three quarter* of a^in Spain, year* from Lady Day one thousand ieven hundred and twelve, to Cbriftmas pne thousand feven hundred and twelve, fo as all the ifTues to be made out of the laid aids or fupplies for the aforesaid charges of the forces and^tar in Spain, do not in the whole exceed four hundred feventy five thousand three hundred and eighty five pounds, foven Ihillings, and eight pence farthing ; and for pr towards defraying her Majefty’s proportion (£&**&<* the pay, fubfidy, and other charges for carrying on the war in Portugal for the year one thousand feven hundred and twelve,8 not exceeding in the whole one hundred ninety foe thousand four hundred fifty two pounds, fourteen (hillings, and ten pence, out of the said aids or fupplies $ and for or towards thepn*n?nc? for charge of the office of her Maj^fty’s ordnance for land fervice,^J*'"srw*J performed and to be performed, not to exceed in the whole one hundred .fifteen thoufondfour hundred and.eleven pounds feventeen (hillings, and one petyiy, out of the lame aids or fupplies, .including the fortifications of Edinburgh caftle, fort William^ and Dumbarton caftle in Scotland \ and for or towards Building a the charge, not exceeding two thousand five hundred.gott^dwa. for building a church at Rotterdam* wherein divine fervice is celebrated after the ufoge of the church of England, for the benefit of her Majefty’s fubjedts there \ and for or towards the Force*, &c. pay of the horfc, toot, and dragoons in Great Britain, and of	****

nine indepenaentcompanies j and for or towards the pay of the garrifons in Great Britain ; and for or towards the pay of the general officers for the guards and garrifons in Great Britain\ and for or towards the payment of contingencies for the guards and garrifons in Great Britain \ fo as all the Ufoes to.be made out of the faid.aids or fupplies for the pay of the said horfe, foot, and dragoons in Great Britain, and of the said nine independent companies, and for the (aid garrifons, general officers, and contingencies, in Great Britain, do not in the whole exceed five hundred fourteen thousand one hundred and forty one pound?, fourteen (hillings, and five pence three farthings; and for or towards her MajeftyY proportion of fubfidies payable purfuant jfuMujiss W' to treaties made and to be made with her Majefty’s allies, not t0lr?a"‘ to exceed in the whole three hundred twenty eight tfiouiand nine hundred fifty fix pounds, fixteen (hillings, and foven penoe, out of the said aids or (applies \ and for or towards the charge

of





A

Anno decimo Ann.#, c. 2

[1711.

44®

Tranfport of tranfporting land forces, performed and to be performed, .	. not to exceed eight * thousand pounds, out of the (aid aids or

former edi- * Applies 5 an<* f°r or towards making good the deficiencies of tion.	the grants in parliament for the year one thousand feven fcun-

Deficiencies dred and eleven, not to exceed in the whole five hundred eighty for the year njnc thousand eight hundred thirty nine pounds, feventeen 171u	(hillings, and four pence, out of the aids and fupplies aforesaid;

Extraordina- and for or towards defraying feveral extraordinary charges, not vies of the exceeding in the whole two hundred forty three thoufand* and war’	twenty pounds, feventeen (hillings, and fix pence, relating to

Salaries. the war, incurred and to be incurred* and for or towards fatif-' fa&ion of thfefum of three thousand five hundred pounds far Clerks, See. to falaries; and any fumnot exceeding two„ thousand five hundred fione^T^ Poun<*?> ^or payment of clerks and other charges to be allowed counts.0 aC* without account to the feven commiflioners, continued by an a<5l of this feffion of parliament, for dating the accounts 01 all Commiflion- the*publick monies 5 and any further fum not exceeding three e*s for Hating thousand five hundred pounds, for falaries of such commiflion-

thc arnT crs as arc or	*rnPowcrc<^	by any a<5t of this feffion of

And^Twnrtn- parliament, to date and determine the debts of the army ; and cident charges.

Soldiers for fea fervice;

alfo any fum not exceeding one thousand pounds, to be received without account, for the incident charges of the said commif-fioners relating to the fervice lad-mentioned, and to none other ufes, intents, and purpofes whatfoever.

CXVII. Provided always. That out of the monies t6 be if-fued to the guards and garrifons, as aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied any fum not exceeding eighty feven thousand one hundred and twenty five pounds, and ten (hillings, towards the charge of maintaining the foldiers raifed and to bp raifed for the fea fervice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; and out of the monies to be ifluedforthe fervice of the navy and fea fervice, as aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied such fums as, together ;	with the said fum not exceeding eighty feven thousand one hun-

dred twenty five pounds, and ten millings, shall be neceflary for the charge of maintaining the said foldiers %rTea fervice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No appropria- CXVIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enacted and declared, ftru&anypay- That no appropriation, or other matter or thing in this a€t con-ment by the Gained, shall obftrudt or hinder any payment or payments which, treafurer of Tjy or in purfuance of an a& made in the ninth year of her Ma-t he navy, to jetty's reign, intituled. An aEl for making good deficiencies, and fa* deficiencies tot*)e publtck debts ; and• fbr creating a corporation to carry on the South Sea a trade t0 South Seas, and for the encouragement of thefjbery ; corporation, andfor liberty to trade in unwrought iron with the fubjefts 0/0pain ; in purfuance anj to repeal the afts for regiJMng feamert^ and of her Majetty’s of 9 Ann.c.21. charter grounded thereupon, are or shall be required and authorized to be made by the treafurer or paymsfter of the navy for the time being, or by any* other, persons to, be intruded with the publick monies for the fervice. of the navy, out of such •J	publick

m-yiu] Anno decimo Anna. c. 27,28.	449

publick monies, tallies, orders, or parliamentary fecurities in *heir hands or power refpeAively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to the corporation eredted in purfuance of the adt laft-men-jtioned, called by the name of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Stas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, or to their treafurer for their ufe \ any thing herein contained to the contrary nottrithftanding.

1 CXIX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadted, That fo Deficiencies much money as, before the firft day of Auguft, one thousand t^c5nn“* Tcven hundred and twelve, shall be deficient to complete the ton£c 9 ^quarterly payments incurred before that time, for or upon the made pood ^annuities, amounting to eighty thousand pounds per anntim, out of :he Settled by one adt of parliament made and pafled in the fixth ^^cmo" year of her Majefty*s reign; and fo much money as shall be m * deficient to complete the quarterly payments incurred or to incur at any quarter day, on or before the twenty fifth day of ^December* one thousand feven hundred and twelve, for or upon tthe annuities, amounting to forty thousand pounds per annum,

, fettled by another adt of parliament made and palled in the said Tncth year of her Majefty’s reign, shall and may be fupplied out 6 Anne, c. 5. ,of any publick money that is or shall be in the Exchequer, not appropnated to particular ufes by any former or other adt or adts of parliament; and in default thereof, the fame deficiencies, or [fo much thereof as shall remain unpaid out of such publick .money, shall and may be completed and made good out of any I money that is or shall be in the Exchequer, of the aids or fup-plies granted in this feffion of parliament, and hereby appropriated for fcrvices relating to the war, as aforesaid; the fame appropriations, or any of diem, to the contrary, notwithftand-ing.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for making efFe&ual such agreement as shall be made between the EXP. royal African company of England and their creditors.

Two third parts or more of the creditors of the African company, their executors, ttc. may, before Dec, *o. 1711. allow them time for payment of their debts \ and such agreements shall bind the reft of the creditors. Such agreements by guardians, &c. shall bind intants, Iic.

Saving debts due to the crown before 1 June, 171s.

CAP. XXVIII,

An	aft for continuing the trade and corporation capacity of

the united Eaft India company, although their fundJhould be redeemed.

WHEREAS in and by an act made in the ninth year	&	10	W.	j*

reign of our late fovereign lord King William the Thirds ofc- 44* glorious	memory,intituled.,	An act for railing a fum not exceed-

ing two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per	, and for fettling

Vol. XII.	G	g	the

45<>	Anno	cjecimo Asum. c, a8, *

the. trade to the Eajl Indies it is, amongfi other things, mart That the fum of one hundred and fixty tboufand pounds per annu crifing by the feveral duties upon fait* and upon Jlampt vellum, /sn papery in the Paid alt mentioned, Jbould be applied for i paying of annuities of eight pounds per centum per aon uro, to j] persons or corporations as Jbould fubferibe and pay the fum of : millions of money, upon the terms of the said alt \ and that tie p fens and corporations, who fiould Jo fubferibe and pay the /hid mom Jbould have the foie trade to the Eaft Indies, end the other pA mentioned in the said alt, fifbjeft never thelefs to a preruifo or const, cf being redeemed by parliament at any time upon three years rax after the nine and twentieth day of September, one tboufand hundred and eleven, upon repayment of the said two millions, azs the arrears of the said annuities of eight pounds per centum, a :i manner directed by the. said all :■ and it was by the said aQ likes provided* That bis said late Majejly might conjlitutc a corporatise trade with a joint Jioct to the said Eaft Indies, ivitb fufh pez: and authorities, and under fucb limitations as in the said o& an j) , that purpofe fet forth *, ana his said lake Majejly did, in pttrfsum\ the said act, by his letters patents, under the great feal of Eoglaoi bearing date the Jiftb day of September, in the tenth year of h .	)	reign,	conjiitute a corporation or body politick, by the name ef Til

Englijb company trading to the Eajl Indies, with Jack benefit \ trade, powers, privileges, and advantages, and fubftft to fucb ri fiririions, conditions, and agreements, as are in the find Utters /j tents fet forth : and wbereasy in and by on? other esS made in t\ Recital of the fixth year of her present Majejly9s reign, intituled. An act for i •ft 6 Ann*, furing to the Englijb company trading to the Eajl Indies, on ac c#	count	of the united flock, a longer time in tfce fund and trd

therein mentioned; and for raifing thereby the fum of one mii lion two hundred thousand pounds, for carrying on-the war and other her Majefty’s occafions, it was cnaftedfTbat upon psy inent to her Majejly of the fum of one million two hundred tbeejm pounds, at;the times % and upon the terms in the said att matiienti they the said Englifti company trading to the Eaft Indies, now esSd The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, Jbould have such further time and intereji in tpt fcA fund and trade to the Eaft Indies, as in the laJl-mentioneda& is par-ticularlyfet forth, but fubjeft to the provifo or condition of redemption in the said lajl-mentioned aft, and herein fet forth 5 that is u fay, it was thereby declared and enatled. That at any time upon thru years notice, after the five and twentieth day of March, which finl be in the year of our Lord one thousand [even hundred and twenty fay upon the expiration of the said three years, and upon repayment h parliament, as well of the said fum of two millions then before ad vanced, as of the said fum of one million two hundred thousand pound then to be advanced, and Jince advanced and paid accordingfy, makes: in the whole three millions two hundred thousand pounds, ahd ef cA arrears which, at the end of the said three years, jhall be due fir crA upon the said fund of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds, thex and from thenceforth, as well the said duties upon fall, as the fiii

k duiU:



'tyri.j	Anno decimo Annl®. C. 2?.	•	451

^duties upon fiampt vellum^ parchment, and paper, and also the fali . yearly fund of One hundred and fixty thousand pounds, and all the corporations etefted in purfuance oj the said afts> or the benefit of trade granted by them} or by any charters made in purfuance thereof Jhouli abfolutely ceafe atid determine: now to the intent that the said ! united coiripany of merchants of England trading to the Eajt Indies, and their fucceflors, may be the better incouraged to proceed in their trade, and to make such lading fettlements fof the fupport and maintenance thereof for the benefit of the Bri-tifh nation, jnay. it pleafe your Majefty, at the humble petition of the said united company of merchants of England trading to ) the Eaft Indies, that it may be enalted 5 and be it enadted by provifo | the Queen’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice and	"

‘ confent of the lords' spiritual and temporal, and commons, in redemption this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the of the duties 1 fame. That the laft-mentioned provifo for redemption and de- kb*

; termination of the said feveral duties, yearly fund, annuities,	duties

corporations, and benefit of trade, shall be, and is hereby re- shall continue. \ pealed and made voidj and that the said duties upon fait, and * the said duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and r the duty of five pounds in the hundred charged by the said alts upon goods imported from the Eaft Indies, mall continue, and	^

1 the said united company of merchants of England, trading to ihall°erJoy 1 the Eafi Indies, and their fucceflors, shall have and enjoy the the yearly * ftid yearly fum of one hundred and fixty thousand pounds perfum of annum, or such part thereof as they now are or hereafter shall difchw-° etfof | be entitled unto, and all the benefit of trade, franchifes, privi- t^c [ leges> and profits, and advantages whatfoever, in refpelfc thereof dition. given and granted, or intended to be given or granted unto them by the said alt of the ninth year of his faicTlate Majefty’s 9 be 10 W.j. reign, or by the said charter of the fifth day of September, in the c# tenth year of his (aid late Majefty’s reign, or by the said alt of the fixthyear of her present Majefty’s reign, or by any of them, 6 Ann*,c. 17. freed and discharged of and from the said former provifo or condition of redemption contained in the said laft recited alt, and all other provifoes, powers, alts, matters, or things, heretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining^ or making void the said duties, yearly fund, benefit of trade, franchifes, privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of them, fubjelt nevertheless to the reftriltions, covenants, and agreements in the laid recited alts, and letters patents, or any. of them contained, now in force, and alio fubjelt to the general provifoes or condition of redemption herein after contained; that is to fay. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and Provifo that enalted by the authority aforesaid. That at any time, upon ^ree	*no*

years notice after the five and twentieth day of Marcby which March' 1753. (halt be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and on repay-and thirty three, and upon repayment by parliament as well of the said fum of two millions, as of the said fum of twelve hun‘.anaTt^0oool dred thousand pounds, making in the whole three millions two

Gg2	hundred	due	on	the	laid

45*	Anno	decimo Anna. c. 29:	£1711

ifio.oool pcr hundred thousand pounds, unto such companies, corporation aim. the laid an(j	as	(hall be then entitled thereto, and of all arrean

Sdc.,C(hjdl d*’ which, to the end of the said three years, shall be due for d terming upon the said yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thoukn pounds per annum, then and from thenceforth the laid duties upon fait, and the said duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment^ and paper, and the said yearly fund of one hundred and fixiy thousand pounds, shall abfolutely ceafe and determine.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for better afcertaining and fecuring the payments to be made to her Majefty for goods and merchandizes to be imported from the Eaft Indies, and other places within the limits of the charter granted to the Eaft India com* parry.

WHEREAS the mind company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, do yearly import great quantities of goods, the Jpecics and quantities whereof cannot be known, nor du entries made, fo as to afeertain the cujloms, without having then fafi landed and examined, to bring the contents thereof into a method pt for the computation of the cujloms and other duties payable for the | fame; for which reason it hath beeh the conjlant praftice of all com- J panics trading to the Eaft Indies, to enter and land their goods and 1 merchandizes by bills at fight, or fufferance, and to give fecurity for payment of the cujloms, and other duties thereof, at tv# six months \ time from the importation: and whereas fome doubts have lately arifen concerning the legality of the said praftice; be it therefore enacted and declared by the Queen’s moll excellent majesty, by and : with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftetnbled, and by Eaft India the authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for company may the said company, and their fucceflors, from time to time, to goo^they	enter gooc*s as arc or shall be imported by them at the

import, by cuftom-houie by bills at fight, or fufferance, and to give fecu-biHs at fight, rity under their common leal for the payment of the cuftoms, and give lecu- and other duties laid, or to be laid, upon all such goods as are metit°of^tbe rate(* *n *he hook of rates, and upon coffee, which is to be af-cultoms, See* ctrtained by the oath of the importer,	videlicet, for the pay-

'	ment of one half part thereof at the end	of fix calendar months

next after the time within which the report of the mailer or purfer of the (hip, in which they (hall	be imported, shall or

ought to have been made, and for the	payment of the other

half part thereof, at the end of twelve calendar months next after the time within which such report (hail or ought to be made, as aforesaid ; and the commiifioncrs and principal officers of the cuftoms, are hereby authorized and required to grant to the said company such bills at fight, or fufferance, and take such fecurity, as aforesaid, and to make them such allowances and deductions as are to be made to other merchants, paying

their

. 

453

Ahno decimo AtoN^r C. 30;

their cuftoms and other duties at or before the landing of their goods.

II. Provided always, and be it further eiiafted by the autho- Mot to alter rity aforesaid, That this aft, or anything therein contained, fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter the method on or manner of paying the duties of fifteen per cent. on muflins mulling &c« and callicoes, or the duties upon any Other goods, which are to be afcertained by fale at the candle.

*	CAP. XXX.

An act for continuing the trade to the South Seas* granted by an aft of the left feffton of parliament 9 although the capital flock of the said corporation fhould be redeemed.

WHERE AS by an aft ofparliament made in the ninth pear of 9 Anna, call her Maieflfs reign9 intituled, An act for making good deficiencies, and fatisfying the publick debts; and for crefting a corporation to carry on a trade to the South Seas, and for the encouragement of the fiftiery; and for liberty to trade in unwrought iron with the fubjefts of Spain t and to repeal the afts for regiftring feamen; it is provided and enafted9 That at any time upon one year's notice after the five and twentieth day ^December, one thousand /even hundred and fveteen, upon repayment by parliament of the principal fum of tOhich the capitalflock of the company, which u>as intended to be eftablifbed bf virtue of the said aft9 fhould, for the time being, tonfiJt9 and of all arrears of the annuities or yearly payments therein mentioned, or by payment thereof by and out of the furplus monies of the fund fettled by the said aft for payment of the said annuities to the said company, then all the impofttions and duties thereby granted or appropriated, fhould or might be difpofed of by parliament, and the yearly fund therein mentioned, and the annuities ijfmng out of the farne^ Jhau abfolutely ceafe and determine 5 and her Majefty9 by Utters patent Under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date the eighth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and eleven, grounded on the said aft ofparliament, hath incorporated all and every the person and perfons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick and corporates who then were or fhould be interefled in9 or entitled unto any the bills9 tickets^ debentures9 certificates9 ot other publick debts, deficienciesy or fums of money, intended to be provided for by that aft9 and all and every person and perfons9 bodies politick and corporate, who as executors9 adminiftrators9 fucteffors9 or afjigns9 or by any other laidful title derived, or to be derived from9 hy9 or under the original proprietor at any time or times9 fhould have and be entitled to any part9 fbarts or intereft of or in the yearly fund9 by the firjl aft fettledx fo long as they rejpeftively fhould have any part% fbare9 or intereft therein9 to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of The Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain9 trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery; and by that name to have perpetual fufteffm, with fuck powers 9 privileges, and advantages, as in the said charter are mentioned fubjeft ntverthcUfs to the condition or ,	G g 3	paver



4A11110 dpdmo	c. 30;	fiyiii

ofrtdemptton^in the Jidd a ft exprejfcd, as by the firid a& of parliament and charter may refpeftively : and whereas fame dmits have arifcn, or may arifer concerning the power of redemption intended by the said ail and charter, which might tend to Hfcmerage the jaid company in expending jucb large fums of money as are netejfisty to be expended for making new fettlements within the limits of their charter, and fettling a trade there,for the future benefit of Great Britain : for explanation whereof* be it therefore fena&ed and declared by the Queen’^pjQft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent ef-the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons^ in this pfefent parliament aftembled, and by the On one year’s authority of the fame. That at anv time upon one year's notice, nonce alter 15 after	five and twentieth day or December, one thousand fevm

on repayment bundled an*d‘ fixteen, upon repayment by parliament of the /aid tf the p^incU principal Aim, of which the capital ftock; of the said company pal fum ot (hall, for the time being, confift, and of all arrears of the an-which the jjuities and yearly payments. aforesaid, or by payment thereof ft^klhall* by aod:out ot the furphis money of the funds fettled by the laid then confift, adl, for payment of the said annuities* to the said company, then and of all ar- all the impOfitions and duties by the said a& granted or appro-rears, &c. the priated, lhall and may be difpofed of by parliament ; and the by^e^cited yearly fund, and the said annuities out of the fame, lhall act may be ceafe and determine: but that the laid corporation by the name difpofedof by aforesaid, after such redemption of the said yearly fund, lhall parliaments continue for ever, and have perpetual fuccefiion, and lhall hold but the cor- and enjoy all forts, factories, and acquifitions that they shall poration fhall ereeft, eftablifh, and make within the limits preferibed by the continue tor foy a& and charter, and the lands, tenements, and heredka-ioy a^forts”" ments> that lhall be by them purchafed in Great Britain, not &c,	9	exceeding	one thousand pounds per annum \ and the members

thereof, without having any lhare or intereft in the yearly fond fo to be redeemed, lhall have* and be entitled to have, tne foie benefit of trade in* and to the South Seas, and elfewhere, and such power of trade in the fifhery, as by the said act is dire&ed, and all other benefits, powers, privileges, and advantages (the annuities ifTuing out of the said yearly fund only excepted) as if no such redemption were had or made; and from and after such redemption of the said yearly fund, aH persons having any lhare or intereft in the money or ftock paid into or gained by the fyid company, to carry oh the trade of the said company, shall be, and be deemed members of the said company, and be entitled to all the benefits, profits, privileges, and advantages thereof, in proportion to their refpe&ive parts and fhares in the said money or ftock, that is, or (hall, from time to time, he paid in for trade, or lhall be gained thereby ; and the said money or ftock fo paid, or to be paid in for trade, or gained thereby, fhall be aflignable and transferable in such and the like manner (muiatis mutandis) as the fhares in the capital ftock and yearly fund are now aflignable, or may be aftigned; and that from and after such redemption of the said yearly fund by parliament, or after one moiety thereof, or more, lhall beje-

f	deemed

455

17 * *•] Anno dccimo Annjb. 31,32.

deemed and difcharged, by and out of the furplus of the funds fettled by the laid a£t tor payment of the fame, the fakl gover- and the com-nor and company may, from time to time, by by-laws or or- P*"? *?ay ders to be made in their general court, or general courts, declare ia' and direct how much and what part or mare in the then remaining capital ftock or yearly fund, and the money or ftock paid in for trade, or gained thereby, or in both or either of. them, shall qualify the* members of the said company, to give any vote or votes in any general court or general courts, and for the electing of a governor, fob governor, deputy governor, and directors of the laid company, and for the continuing and being elected in the laid offices, or any of them.

CAP. XXXI.

An a£t for the appointing commiifioners to take, examine aad determine the debts due to the army, tranfport fervice, and tick and wounded.

EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for enlarging the time for minifters* advocates* and other members of the college of justice in Scotland, to take the oaths therein mentioned.

1 \\f HEREAS by an act made in this present feffion of parSa- I0 Anox*c.jf V V meaty intituled* An ait to prevent the difturbing thofe of the epifcopal communion, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* in the exercife of their religious worfhip, and in the ufe of the liturgy of the church of England; and for repealing the aA parted in the parliament of Scotland* intituled. Aft againfl 1 irregular baptifm and marriages ; it is enafted* That all mbtiftersof , the ejfablijbed church in Scotland, and all and every person or per-fons who is or are pajlor or pajlors* minijler or minijlers of any epifcopal congregation in Scotland, Jhall be obliged* and are thereby required, on or before the firfl day of Auguft next* to take andfub-j feribe the oaths therein fet forth* in such manner, and under fucb penalties* as all officers* civil and military* in Scotland, are obliged , to take the oath recited in the fourteenth aft of the fexth year, of her 1 Majeftfs reign* intituled* An act for the better fccurity of her 6 Annate, 14; Majefty’s person and government: and whereas* by the said lajl mentioned aft* it is amongfl other things enafted* That all officers* ^

. civil and military* in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain j called Scotland, who are obliged and required to take in Scotland an , oath* tailed/the oath of allegiance and ajfurance* before the privy j council there, should be obliged* on or before the twentieth day of 1 April, one thousand feven hundred and eight* to take and fubjeribi , the oath by the said aft appointed* before the privy council* while it , should continue, and after the determination thereof* before and in the | court of JeJRon* or the court of yujliciary, or the court of Exchequer 1 there; and that all others then in any of the offices aforepud* who* in , refpeft thereof* had ufed and been obliged to take the said oath of al~

I legiance and ajfurance in any other court and place* should be obliged to take and fubjeribe the fame at the next quarter fejjms of the peace

Gg 4	that

456	Anno	dedmo	Ann^. e. 32.’	fi^n'.

that fimlA be held for ary county or place in which any fjub iffictr ’ Jbouli be reftdent and abiding ; and that all and every petfon or per-‘	Jons whetjoever* who should after be admitted into any office* ciinl or

. military, within that part of Great Britain tailed Scotland, Jbould* Within three months after bis admittance into any such office* be obliged to take the oath appointed by the said aft, in the refpittrue courts above mentioned, according to the Sfinftion therein ana above mentioned; for persons thek in office : and whereas many of the mini filers of the efablijbed church* and epifcopal pcrfuafion wr Scotland, bad not notice of the pafftng of the fend all of tbts present feffion of parliamenti until after the lajl quarter feffhns of the peace* and that there will be no other Quarter feffion$ of the peace in Scotland; before the fetond day of Auguft next* whereby many of the said mintjlers find pajlors are rendred incapable of taking the oaths by the Jaid aft required? for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the (Queen’s moft extellent mtfjefty, by and with the advice and cornent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present MJniiters in parliament aflembled, and bv die authority of the fame. That Scotland tak- Jf any minifter or minifters or the eftablilhed church of Scotland* xnfntioned^n or any Per^on or P^ons who ^ or arc pallor or pallors, mini-10 Annac, c." ^cr or niihifters of ariy epifcopai congregation in Scotland* lhall, before 1 Nov! on or before the firft day of November, in the year of our Lord a?**-foail he one thousand feven hundred and twelve, take and fubferibe the the had ** oat^s *n t^ie a^ ^is Preknt feffion of parliament mentioned takenthem fe* forth, in such manner as all officers, civil and militsurjr* within the in Scotland* are obliged to take the oaths recited in the said a<Sl time appoint- made in thefixth year of her Majefty's reign, the fame shall be* cdby that ad. to all intents, conftru&ions, and purpoles, as effectual as if such mmifter or minifters, paftoror pallors, had taken the laid • oaths within the time appointed by the adl of this present fef-parliament:

ioAnn»,c.*. ' II. And whereas by another aft made in this prefentfeffion of parliament* intituled, An a61 for preferving the proteftant religion* by better fecuring the church of England as by law eftablilhed, and for confirming of the toleration granted to proteftant dif-fenters, by an a6t, intituled. An act for exempting their Majefties proleflant fubjefts* diffenting from the church ^England, from the penalties of certain laws; and for fupplying the defers thereof; and for the farther fecuring the proteftant fucCdfioiv by requiring the pra<ftifers of the law in North Britain to take the oaths* and fubferibe the declaration therein mentioned j it is matted* That aU advocates* writers to the fignet* notaries publicJt, and other inembers of the college cf jufiice* within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Jhall be obliged* on or before thefifteenth day of June* to take and fubferibe before the lords of feffion* the oath appointed by $Ann*,c. H-an act made Anno fexto Reginae, intituled* An a<ft for the better fecurity of her Majefty’s person and government; and in case of their negleft or rcfnfal to take and Jubfcribe the said oaths* as aforesaid* such person Jhall be ipfo fa&o incapable and difabled in law to have* enjoy* or exercife his said employment: and whereas the court of feffion in Scotland does not fit from the lajl of February to *	*	the

457

i7Ji>] Anno deckno Anna. c. 33, .

the firjl of June, and that	feveral of tho writers to the

Jignet, notaries	publick,and others* members- of	the college of juftict

aforefaid, have, either by reason of ficknefs,or Seen rendred incapable of taking the oath by the said aCt required for remedy whereof* be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any advocate, writer to the fignet, notary pubiick, Advocates, or any member of the .college of . iuftice aforesaid, (hall, on or ^.taking the before the laid firft day of November,take and fubferibe the 6*Ann* aforesaid oath, either in ner Majedy’s court of fefiion, judiciary, t.14. before or Exchequer in Scotland, or at the quarter fefiions there, for the find firft the city or county where such person or persons inhabit or dwell, J* N°* n or in ner Majedy’s court of Chancery, Queen’s Bench, Common Pleas, or court of Exchequer, at JVeJtminfler, the finite shall be, a* if they bad to all intents and purpofes, as effe&ual, as if such advocate, takes the ■writer to the fignet, notary publick, or other member of thefll?e»»s,aP-college of juftice, had taken the fame within the time, and in ait * the manner appointed by the aforesaid ad; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for the appointing the circuit courts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be kept only once in the ■ ytur.

WHEREAS it has been found by experience to be fufficient for the adminijlration of jujlice in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the circuit courts should be kept only once in the . year; be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament af- The circuit fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in all time courts in Scotcoming the said circuit courts m Scotland shall be kept only once !ani? *° ** in the year, and that in the months of April or May at the le- a'yearU °nC* veral places, and in manner and form as by law edablifhed ; And the cir-and that in all time coming, the circuit courts formerly appoint- cuit court in ed to be kept in the month of October yearly, be fuperfeded and ceafe, excepting only when it shall pieafe her Majedy or her fucceflTors, by a proclamation to be iffued in the month of July crown by pro-preceding, to order the said circuit courts for the October follow- damationfhall ing to be kept.at all or any of the places mentioned in an a& of °r(ier t0 *** parliament of Scotland,parted in the third fefiion of .the second kept* parliament of King Charles the Second, in which cafe, and not otherwise, the said October circuit shall that year be kept upon the days and at the places fo appointed by the proclamation, and in the ufual form of law.

45«

Itytu

Anno dfcctmd AnSA. c. 34;

CAP. XXXIV.

An all for explaining fevera I claufes in an all pajfed the lajt fffion of parliament9 for the relief of the /offerers of the tfiauds of Nevis and St. Chriftophers, by reason of the invafion of the French there, in the year one tboufand /even hundred and jive.

$ Ann*, c. 13. WHERE AS in an alt made in the ninth yfar of her Afajeffj'i VV rfign, intituled. An a61 for licenling and regulating hackney coaches and ch&irs ; and* for charging certain new duties on ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and on cards and dice •, and on the exportatipn of rock fait for Ireland i and for fecurity thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the port office, and by feveral duties on hides and (kins, a yearly fund of one hundred! eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventjr pounds, for" thirty two years, to be applied to the fatisfadtioo pt fiich orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any fum, not exceeding two millions, to Be raifed for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions % a fum ef one hundred and three thousand and three prounds, eleven /hillings and four pence, is appointed to be dtJlribuUd among ft the proprietors and inhabitants of the ijlands of Nevis and St. Chriftophers, who fufiained great Ioffes by a late invafiortand depredation of the French, to encourage them to refettle in the said ijlands, in debentures to be paid and fatisfied in Ifke manner as the then unfaiisfied debentures, charged upon the forfeited estates in Ireland, were to be fatisfied and dif-charged, concerning the diftribution whereof fome doubts and difficulties have arifen, to the great prejudice and delay of the poor fufferers who have refettled there: for remedy and removal whereof be it enadted, tsfr.

None shall be entitled to a part of 103,003b ns* 4d. granted 9 Annx, c. 43. but such of the proprietors or inhabitants of Nevis and St. Chriftophers as were fufferers and refettled there before 25 Dec. 1711. This elauft is confirmed 5 Geo. 1. c. 32. What shall be deemed a refettlement. The com-roimoners for trade and plantations may, on proof of such refettlement, Blue out, in the name or each fuiferer, his executors, &c. Debentures for the third part of their lofTes. Sufferers not making proof of their lodes before 25 Dec. 1712. fhall be excluded from any (hare of the bounty. Sufferers may redeem their (hares, if aftigned, by payment of the coou-deration money) &c.

The End of the Twelfth Volume.
