THE

Statutes at Large,

from

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXVI

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY;

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst,)

For J. Johnson, in St. Paul's churchyard, G. G. J. & J. Robinson, in Paternoster Row, and D. Ogilvy & Co. in Middle Row, Holborn, London. 1787.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

To the READER.

THIS Edition of the Statutes at Large in 8vo by Danby Pickering Esq; was originally thought to be the more convenient, as not being so bulky as any other Edition hitherto published, and an Index thereto contained in one Volume came out about the Year 1769; which Index was brought down to the 4th of his present majesty's Reign inclusive, and afterwards a farther Index was added to the 33d Volume, continuing the former to the end of the 21st Year of the present Reign. But as the Acts of Parliament are every Year increasing, and the Volumes so very numerous, in order that the same may be rendered the more useful to any Person, having occasion to consult any particular act, we have subjoined to the present Publication, an alphabetical Index containing an account of the subject of each Act of this session, referring to the Chapter, Section, and Page, where the same is to be found; by which the Reader may be enabled immediately to point out such act as he may have occasion to consult; which Index is proposed to be continued annually with the Acts.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III Regis

Being the FOURTH Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of great Britain.

Vol. XXXVI Part I.

A TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo septimo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Bong the Fourth Session of Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Cap. 1. to render more effectual the laws now in being for suppressing unlawful lotteries.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature on the eastern coast of New South Wales the parts adjacent.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his Majesty marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 6. For punishiag mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, and to render the provisions thereof more effectual.

Cap. 8. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose.

Cap. 9. For granting rates of postage for the conveyance of letters and packets, between Great Britain and the port of Waterford, in the kingdom of Ireland, by way of Milford Haven.

Cap. 10. To extend the provisions of an act made in the twenty sixth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

---

Cap. 11. To explain and aipeqd so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, entitled An act for making perpetual so much of an aflf made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen a/me, for the reviving and continuing several aits therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing county gaols; and also analt of .the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King whiiain the Third, for the more effectual suppression of piracy; and for making more effectual the aaof the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intittded^ 4< An act for eflee c6 blijbing articles and orders for the regulating and better government* of his Majesty's ships of war and forces by sea" as gives difere tionary power to magistrates to commit vagrants, and other criminals, offenders, and persons charged with fault offences, either to the common gaol or house of correction.

Cap. 12. To enable his Majesty to gramme a certain annuity to the right honourable sir John Hkynner knight, late lord chief baron of his majesty's court of exchequer, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the execution of that office.

Cap. 13. For repealing the several duties of customs and excite, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together .with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of th*European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the .exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 14* For paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Jtreets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the walls of the city of Canterbury, ?nd the liberties thereof; and also several Areets and other places near or adjoining to the said city; and for removing and preventing incroachments, obstruc tlons, nuifences, and annoyances therein

Cap. 15. For building a bridge at or near the ferry, over the river Trent % from Gainfiorongb, in the county of Lineohty to the opposite (bore, in the parifl* of Soundly, in the county of Nottingham.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

'Cap 16. For making perpetual twoa&s, passed in the fifteenth and Seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for refraining the negotiation of promissory notes ana tills of exchange under a Banted sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap 17. For rebuilding the chapel of East Stemhmefe, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 18. For making perpetual an a made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating the proceedings of the court of judiciary and circuit arts in Scotland.

Cap. ig. To enforce and render more effectual several acts passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Sen cood, and other as made for the increase and encouragement of Shipping and navigation.

Cap. 20. For varying and extending the powers of the company of proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.

Cap. 21. To enable the lords comir.iflioners of his Majesty's treasury to purchase, of the proprietors of coal mines and coal works on the estate of Pitferran, ip though county of Fife, the right of exemption from payment of the duty on coals exported.

Cap. 22. For sale of certain housesand ground belonging to his Majesty.

Cap. 23. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 24. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand feveri hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 25. For raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year open thou send seven hundred and eighty seven.

Cap. 26. To enable the lord high treasurer, or commissioner of the treasury, for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an afr, made in the twenty, fifth year of his present Majesty s reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by lime, to such persons as (houfd be willing to contra for the same.

Cap. 27. For allowing the importation and exportation of certain gods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Vaffau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions.

Cap. 28. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties 00 glass made in Great Britain.

Cap. 29. For obviating objections to the competency of wit? Defies in certain cases.

Cap. 30. For laying additional duties upon licences to bo t*kco out by ptrfoas dealing by retail in spiritoous liquors.

** n, Cap. 31*

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap j. For making allowances to the dealers in foreign wines for the dock of certain foreign wines in their possession, at a certain time, Upon which the duties on importation have been paid; and for amending several laws relative to the revenue of

excise......... .........

For making further provisions in regard to such vessels as.are particularly described in an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present majesty^/^r the more effee*(ual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom y and for extending th ftid a St to other vessels and boats not particularly described therein; for taking off the duties on flafles in which wine or oil is imported; for laying an additional duty on foreign geneva imported; for taking off the duty on ebony the growth of Africa imported into this kingdom; and for amending several law relative to the revenue of customs.

Cap. 33. For granting to hi, Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand feycn hundred and eighty seven; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 34. To amend an act, passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the ihaneellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain fee farm rents, ond other rents, and to enfroftekife copyhold Cfnd customory tenements within their Purvey; and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said duchy; and to enable the said chancellor, and council to, discharge encumbrances affecung the possessions of the said duchy

Cap. 35. For appointing commissioriers further to inquire irito the tees, gratuities, perquisites^and emoluments, which are, pr have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such observations as shall occur fd them, 'for the better conducting and managing the business transacted in the said offices.

Cap. 36. To continue several laws relating to the free importation of ceuain raw hides and skins from Ireland and the Pritijb plantations in America; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of rh the iron ana steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas; and to the granting a bounty on the exportation of certain species of British and Injb linens exported, and taking off the duties on foreign raw linen yarns made of flax imported.

Cap. 37. For further regulating the trade and business of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 38, For the encouragement of the arts of designing and printing linens, cottons, callicocs, and muffins, by veiling the

prp

A TABLE of the STATUTES, properties thereof in the designers, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time.

Cap. 39. For appointing Com midi oners further to inquire into the losses and services of all such persons who have fullered m their rights properties, and profemons, during the late unhappy dissensions in America in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Cap. 40. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments \ and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law hod for giving further time for those purpoies; and to indent nify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose ad millions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or miilaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of derks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 41. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 42. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for the relief of purchasers.

Cap. 43. For taking and swearing affidavits to be made use of in the court of session of the county palatine of Chester; and for taking of special bail in actions and suits depending in the same court.

Cap. 44. To prevent frivolous and vexatious suits in ecde fiaffical courts.

Cap. 45. For rebuilding the pier of Margate in the isle of Thame, in the county of Kent for ascertaining, establishing* and recovering certain duties, in lieu of the ancient and custom aiy droits, for the support and maintenance of the said pier for widening, paving, repairing, deansing, lighting, and watching the Greets, lanes, highways, and public paflfages in the town of Margate, and parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said isle of Tbanet5 for settling the rates of porters, chairmen, carters, and carmen within the said town; and for preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 46. For continuing the term of two acts, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty George the Second tod the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying 0 bay of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, po every Scots pint of ale and beer which ball be brewed for falei bought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the town of aberbro thock, and liberties thereof

Cap. 47. For rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the commissionets appointed by an act made in the last feffiort of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifea in Great Britain, for the fervid

2

ef

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Of the year one thousand/even hundred and eighty six; and for up pointing other commitftoners, together with those named in the first mentioned alt, to put in execution an a of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the fervid of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty fetien.

Cap. 48. To enable the east-india company to continue their warehouses already built, and to build new warehouses, exceeding certain dimensions, freed and discharged from the regulations and directions contained in an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for the further and better regulation of buildings and pftrty walls \ and for the more effefinally preventing mischiefs by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof \ and other the parishes9 prednfts, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the couiity of Middlesex; for indemnifying, under certain conditions, builders and other persons again the penalties to which they are or may be liable for ere fling buildings within the limits aforesaid contrary to law.

Cap. 49. For dividing the panfh of Saint Jamesy in the city and county of Bristol, and county of Gloucester, and for building a church, and providing a ccemetery or church yard, and parsonage house, within the new jparifh.

Cap. 50. To enable his Majesty to licence a play house in the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Cap. 51. For making a road from Saint Bernards Street, in the town of Leith to the foot of Leith Walk in the county of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain streets in the city of Edinburgh, and the avenues leading to the same; and for amending two several acts passed, relative to the said city, in the twenty nfth and twenty gxth years of his present Majesty reign.

Cap. 52. For better lighting and watching the village of Camberwell, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads and other places adjoining or near thereto.

Cap. 53. For better draining and preservlng certain hinds and grounds within the level ot Hatfield Chase and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

Cap. 54. To render effectual the purchase of a houfo, firuate in the parish of Saint Luke Cbelfeay in the county of Middlesex % to be used as an additional workhouse for the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of wefmin fier; and for other purposes.

Cap. 55. For altering and extending the line of the cut or oanal authorised to be made and maintained by so much of several acts made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth years of the jreign of his present Majesty, as authorises the making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Fortby at or near the mouth of the river of Carrotr, in the county of Stirling, to the frith or river of Clydt9

at

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton', and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of gb/geur, for deepening the said cut or canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said agas relates td the mating and maintaining the said cut or canal.

Cap. 56. For enabling the magistrates and town council of pai/lty to improve the navigation of the river Cart, and to make a narigable cut or canal across the turnpike road leading froth Giafgno to Greenock.

Cap. 57. For continuing and amending several aefts made ill the third year of the reign of King George the First, the tenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for hying a duty of two femes Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling; on every pint of ale or beer that Shall be vended or sold within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty ori the tonnage of flapping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and sit of the port of the said town, for the better repairing of the said harbour 1 and for paving, dcansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other public places, within the said town, and widening the streets where neceilary* and removing and preventing nuifences therein.

Cap. 58. For veiling the (cite; buildings, and other the premises, belonging to the old gaol or prison of the county of Suffer; in trustees for the purpose of conveying the same to the right hotfcmrabie Frances viscountess Irwin, and her heirs; and to declare the new gaol or prison lately built to be the common gaol for the said county.

Cap. 59. For making and declaring, the gaol for the county of Devon, called The High Gaol, a public and common gaol; and (or discharging Dennis Rollt and John Roll esquires and theit respective heirs and assigns, from the office of keeper of the said gaol j and for improving and enlarging the same, or building a new one; and also for taking down the chapel in the cause of Exeter; and for other purpoie* therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. For building a new gaol, and providing a propel prison for debtors and house of correction, for the several boroughs, towns corporate, liberties, franchises, and all other pbccs, within thfc county of Stafford, and for regulating the lame respectively..

61. For taking down the guild hall or townhall in the borough of Grantham in the county of Lincoln; and rebuilding the same.

Cap. 6a. For taking down and rebuilding the chapel of han lay, in the county of Stafford for veiling the right of nomination in trustecs; and for enlarging the chapel yard; and other purposes.

Cap. 63. For rebuilding the church of the parish of Saint Mary ivanjledt alias Wanjlead, in the county of bjfex.

a^Cap. 64*.

A TABLE Of thd STATUTES.

Cap. 64. For building a new chapd upon Pottfmutb Comwurr** in the parish of Portfeay in the County of Southampton.

Cap. 65. For confirming a charter or letters patent grantcel by his Majesty to the royal college and corporation of surgeon of the city of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a scheme of raififfis a fund for a provision for the widows and children of the menn — bers of the said corporation, and of their clerk, with certain alterations 5 and for establishing the said scheme, and impoweriogj the corporation, and the trustees and officers elected for managing the fund, effectually to carry the said scheme into execution.

Cap. 66. For dividing and inclosing the lowlands and common fens within the hamlet of Martin, in the parish of timber*landy and within the parish of Blankney, in the county of Lim — coin; and for draining and preserving the lowlands and fens tvithin the said hamlet of Martin, and the parish of Bionkney* and within the hamlet of Linwood, in the said parish of Blanks ney.

Cap. 67. For the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting and watching, the highways, streets, and lanes, of and in the town and port of Sandwich, in the county of Kent, and in the several parishes of Saint Peter the apojlley Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint Clement, in the said town, port and county; and for removing and preventing incroachments, nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances, in the said highways, streets, and lanes Snd on the common quay belonging to the said town and port and in the haven adjoining to the said quay, and the bridge built over the said haven and for regulating the births and mooring places of vessels at the said quay, and the proper times for vessels to pass through the said bridge.

PL/BL1CK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 68. For more effectually repairing the roads leading from Mead Brook which divides the parifhesof pucuechurch and jfaangetsfieldy in the county of Gloucester, to Cbrijlian Malfori Bridge, in the county of Wilts \ and from pucuechurch aforesaid, to certain eoal mines in the said parish.

Cap. 69. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of several acts made in the tenth year of the reign of King George the First, the sixteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ir repairing the road from the north part of Harlow Bush Common, in the parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the county of Essex; and for repairing and widening the road from Epping through the parishes of Nortlnueald Bajfet, Bobbingworth, High Ongar^Chipping Ongar, and Shelley y to the Four Want Way, in the said parish of Shelley, and from thence through the parhhes of High Ongar and Norton manievihe, to the parish 01 Writtle, in the said county.

e Cap. 70.

STABLE of cha STATUTES.

Cap. 70. Ter enhtging the term of an act of the fifth year ef his present Majesty, for-repairingand keeping in

fer, tbc rod leading from tie turnpike read at Wrothant Heath is the cnentj tf Kent, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon to Godfkne, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 71. For making, maintaining, and repairing a road, from the west end of the bridge, intended to be built at or near the ferry over the river Trent from, in the county of Lincoln, to the parish of Soundly, in the county of Nottingham,

through the several pari fries of Soundly, Buckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, and Clatthorough, to East Retford, all situate in the said county of Nottingh with a side branch from the boundary gate, between the said parishes of Beckingbam and Saundby, through the said parish of Beckingbam, and the parish of Grhegley on the Hill, in the same county, to the town of Gringley an the Hill aforesaid.

Cap. 72. Sot continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, repairing, Widening, and keeping in repair,

the road hading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, in the eounty of Sussex, through Etchingham and Burwash, to the extent of the aid pttrijb e/burwash, in the said county.

Cap. 73. For continuing the term of three acts, of the thirteenth year of King George the First, the twenty first: year of bia late Majesty, and the twelfth year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the roads from Birmingham, through wei uefbury, to High Bolin, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to The Port Way, at the end of darlalane, next to Bilflon, and

to Nether Trindle, near Dudley, in the counties of Warwick, cefier, and Stafford; and for making and keeping in repair a road from Troufe Lane, in the parish of Wednesbury, to Darlajlon, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 74. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, pasted in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing end widening the roads from Key berry Bridge to the paffagt at shalmon, and from tbefata bridge to the pier or harbour of Torkey, in the eounty of Devon.

Cap. 75. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, paired in the seventh year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled, An ai for repairing and

ingjtveralroads in the county of Brecon; and for amending certain other roads in the said county.

Cap. 76. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the town of Nottingham to the town of mans fihd, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 77. For continuing and amending an act of the twenty eghth year of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the roads from The Hand and Post at the top of Burford, in the county of Gleutefltr, to Stow on the Wold, and from thenee to

Paddle Brooki and from The Gross Hands on Hill, in the

county

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

county of Oxford, to The Hand and Post in the parkh of Witting tonne, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 78. For enlarging the term and powers of an ast of the first year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the city of Gloucester to the top of birdjip Hill, and from the oat of the aid hill to the top a/'crickley Hill.

Cap. ^9. To enlarge the tprm and powers of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the hire of Roxburgh, to The Marchburn.

Cap. 80. For continuing the term, and varying the powers of an act of the second year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from kipping's Cross, in the county of Kent, to lamber hurst Pound and pullen's Hill, in the fid county and to Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex; and also for repairing the road from the turnpike gate at Lamberhurft found aforesaid, through out Lane, and by Hope Mill, to the turnpike road at Clay Hi!), in the parish of troudhurst, in the county ofliltnt.,

Cap. 81. For continuing the term, and varying the powers of an act of the eighth year of his present Majesty, for repairingy widening, turning, and altering the road leading from Reading in the county of Berks, through Henley, in the county of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondefyiam, and Cheynes, in the county of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the county of Hertford: and also the road leading out of the faii road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Byftiam, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the turnpike road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

Cap. 82. For continuing and amending three acts, of the thirteenth year of King George the First, the twenty first year of his late Majesty, and the twelfth year of his present Majesty so far as the same relate to the roads from a place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingfwinford9 and to the further end of Brittle Laney within the counties of Stafford and Worcester \ and for making and keeping in repair a road from or near to The Ncthfr Trindle aforesaid, to Tipton Green in the said i counties.

Cap. 83. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powefs or several acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty fevetith years of the reign of his late majesty sing George the Second, and the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the road leading from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and fof altering the course of the road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for repairing the road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loanheady in the county of Stirling, there to join the turnpike road leading from Falkirk to Kiljyth.

Cap. 84. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending the road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the county of York, to Worksop, in the county Nottingham.

Cap. 8$.

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

Chp. 85. For continuing the term, and altering and entarg* ing the powers of an act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of his law Majesty, for repairing the roads from Shrewlbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, in the county of Salop; and for repairing several other roads in the said county.

Cap. 86. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the firth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ir repairing and widening tin road from Beverley, by Molfcroft, to Kendal Hoose, and from Molfcroft to Bainton Baulk, in the county of York.

Cap 87. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the firth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from A (hborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the turnpike road upon Hatton Moor, to Tutbury, in the counties of Derby and Stafford.

Cap. 88. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the firth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, ir repairing and widening the road from High Bridges, in the county of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Sparh to Hanging Bridge, and from tewnall's Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the fnd county, (o far as the same relates to the two districts of road therein described.

Cap. 89. For repairing and widening the road leading from the borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ayton Bridge, and the new hridjge over the pees or pass of Goclburnfpath, to Dunglass Bridge, and also the roads leading from Billie Causeway and Prefien Bridge, to join the said road at or near Cockburnfpatb Tower, in the county of Berwick.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed is the firth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ir repairing and widening the road from Muckley Comet to Walsall and wed nefbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other roads in the county of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the two first districts of roads therein comprised.

Cap. 91. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from High Bullen in Wednefbory, to the further end of Darlafton Lane, next The Portway, and from thence through Bilfton, to the further end of Gibbet Lane, and fivtral other roads leading to and from Bilfton, in the aunry of Stafford.

Cap. 92. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, failed in the twelfth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road between Stamford ml Grantham, in the county Lincoln.

Cap. 93. For amending and widening the roads from the city of Cbefter to the Woodjide Ferry, in the township of Birkenhead, in the county of Cbejttr % and from the said city to the assembly house in Parkgate, in the township of Great Nejlon, in the said county; and from Great Nejlon aforesaid, to the said tvoodfide Ferry j and from the road leading from the city of Chester to Parkgate

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

aforesaid, to the road leading froth the forte city to the said Wnifidt Ferry.

Cap. 94. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the road from the present turnpike road, in the parish of Hurfley, in the county of Southampton, through the borough of Andover, to the town Newbury, in the county of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond, and Newfown River; and for amending and keeping in repair th toad from the south end of Bartholomew Street, in the said town 6f Newbury, to the turnpike road at Speenhamland, in the said county of Berks.

Cap 95. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the term and powers of an act, passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road, from d place near the village of Milford, through Haflemere, to the Portsmouth road between Lippock and Rake, in the several counties of Surry, Sussex, and Southampton.

PRIVATE ACTS.

A N act for naturalising George jvakerbarth.

AA An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields and ftintecl pastures within the township of Cracoe, in the parish of Burnfally in the west riding of the county of York.

3. An act for naturalising Solomon dedel

4. An act fjr dividing and enclosing the common and waste lands within the parishes of Keffingland and Covehithe, otherwise North Hales, in the county of Suffolk.

5. An act for diyiding and enclosing the open common fields, common meadows, cow commons, litichets, and pieces or parcels of waste land, pr other ground, intermixed with or adjoining to the said common fields and common meadows, tituate in the parish of Goring, in the county of Oxford.

6* An act for naturalising Daniel Graff

7. An act for naturalising Peter Everhard Camper.

8. An act for naturalising George Chandler and Maria Chan her.

9.An act for naturalising Peter John Hofch.

10- An act for settling and securing certain part and portions bf the lands arid barony of wilvtamjlon, the lands of Drumdewan, Lednocii manfton house of Lednod, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to, and in favour of, Thomas Graham esquire, of Balgowan, and the same series of heirs II see tail, and under the same conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in a deed of entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and for vesting in the aforesaid tomas Graham, and his heirs and assigns, in fee fimpie* the lands and

barony

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

beamy of Stair Newton, of Biair of Pitmurthly Mam,

and others, lying within the aforesaid county of Perth, and ooapoty of Forfar.

I t. An Pt to diflblve the marriage of William cf

qoize, with Geergiana Ann Poyntz, his now wife, and to enable bin to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

aan aa for divining and inclohng the open and common Atyfr, common meadows, common pasture, commons, wade, another commonable lands, within the manor and parifo of Ciggs, in the county of Oxford.

Iju .An act for dividing and iadofing the open arable athds, meadows, naftures, commons, and waste grounds, within the. town ship of Spcjforth, in the parish of, in thecounrypf

ktra

An act for naturalising John Jacob jdirlel, in An act for difohaigixig diverse manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to sir Edward .b

ronet, and Andrew Bayntun Rolfesquire, from a, certain limjta tion contained in an indenture of release, bearing date the twenty second day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy fevea.

>6 An act for dividing and enclosing the cpmuiop* and wsfte lands within the parish of West Harptree qtherwifhorpury, in the county of Sgmtrfet.

17. An act for vesting pert of the settled aftates of Ibe sight

honourable George Janus carl in the county of

Chtfter, in the said earl Cbolmendeley, in fee 6ntpw, and for settling an estate of greater value, in the same county, in lieu thereof. t8. An act for veiling certain estates in the epurwies ofbuifora, Northampton, Mix, Afiddlesex, and by, te

wtu of Tbaphilm Dillingham esquire, deccap^, , in dhungham Brampton Gordon Dillingham esquire, and his heir?, and sot fet> ding another estate, of greater value, in the county of Norfolk, to the same uses as the deviled estates now ft ami limited...

19. An'act for discharging certain manors, qteftuages, Ifode, tenements, end hereditaments, in the fevsral counties of Rent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Berts, part of the estate. of Oldfield

(Squire, from the uses, estates, and trusts, declared concerning the tot, in and by the Settlement made previous to the tutorage of the said Oldfield Bowls with Merry his now wife, and for feeding the maoor of North fi/hon, and other lands and hereditaments in the county of Oxford, of greater value, in lieu therm of, to the like uses.

ap. An act for veftipg the tithes and estate at Orton, in the coqnty of Northampton belonging to Hospital in the Same county, in John Peach Hungerford esquire for his life, with remainders over, and for fouling a rent charge out of the said estate, and other hereditaments of the said John hungerford, Orton aforesaid, in lieu, thereof.

21. Ana to diffidve tie marriage of the boneurabk Edfoord

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

pdfiy with the right honourable lady Arm Coventry his now wife and for other purposes.

22. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and commoi fields and commonable places in the parish of Bitteswell, in th county of Leicester.

23. An act to confirm an agreement for dividing, enclosing and exchanging the lands and other estates within the lordfhij: of Trowel!, in the county of Nottingham, and for uniting th two medieties of the rectory of the parish church of Trowel aforesaid.

5*4. An act for dividing and enclosing certain moors, commons, or waste grounds, in the parish of Kirhbymalzearl, in the county of York.

25. An act for dividing'and enclosing the several common mna open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and hamlet of Borrow upon Trent, in the parish of Barrow upon Trent, in the county of Derby.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open and Common fields, meadows, pastures, fens, and waste lands, within the parish of Dorrington9 in the county of Lincoln.

27. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the parishes of Sarfden and Churchill, and tything of Lyneham9 Merrtfcourt, and Finefcourt, in the parish of Sbipten under Whichwood9 in the codnty of Oxford.

- 28* An act for naturalising Frederick Hippius.

2g. An act for vesting the estates in the county of York, and also the heir looms, deviled and bequeathed by the will of the honourable and most reverend Robert late lord archbishop of York, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the moneys to arise from such sales in the purchase of estates to be settled to the same uses.

30. An act for rendering valid and effectual the powers of We and exchange inserted in the settlement made on the marriage

Robert Satusbury esquire, with Katherine his wife.

31. An act for vesting part of the estates late of William simp? sin esquire, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, in trustees, to be ibid, and for laying out the money arising by such file in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

32. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, within the townlhh) of lajungbamy in the north riding of the county of York.

33. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste grounds within the manor or reputed manor and parish of mil which in the county of Stafford.

34. An act for allotting, dividing, and enclosing the several moors, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor or manors, and township or townmips of Steeton and eajuntm, in the parish of Kildwick, in the county of York

35. Aa

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

35. An act for dividing an) inclosing the several open field, common meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, within or belonging to (be hamlet of, in the county of Derby

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the common open fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the liberty of Little

eaton*within the manor of Little Cbtjler, in the county of Derby.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the several common and

open Beids, meadows, pastures, commons, and wade grounds, within the liberties of Atelbourn and King's, in the parish

and lordship of Melbourne in the county of Derby.

38. An act for indosing, and leasing, or letting, certain commons or waste grounds lying within the township or constable vick of Uttexeter* in the county of Stafford called The High ivtod and The Heath, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poors rate, or other taxes, or publics ex peaces, within the said township or constablewick, and within the constablewick of the redory of Uttoxeter.

39 An act for naturalising William Hemejer.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, lying within the parish of Ratelifft upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.

X An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the lordship or liberty of Craptodl Butler, and a certain intercommon field and meadow called The Fern Field and Gnat Meadow, lying intermixed in the said lordship and the lordship of Crepweu Bishop in the county of Nottingham.

The End the TABLES.

THE

Statutes at Large,

j4?mo vicejitno oeiavo Georgii III Regis

Being the FIFTH Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain

Voi. XXXVI Part II

A

TABLE OF THE

STATU T E S

FUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Failed Anno VI osiavo

GEORGII III Regis:

Being the Fifth Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK acts.

Cap. i. tttor continuing and granting to his Majesty certain j7 duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on fhorc.

Cap. 4. For charging an additional duty on spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England.

Cap. 5. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of there territories belonging to the united states of Jamea9 so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom hnd the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

Cap. 6. For regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, and in the Wtfl India istands, and the countries belonging to the united states of America; and between his majesty's laid subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies.

a 2 Cap. y

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

'Cap. 7. To amend and render more effectual an act, made in the fifteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act to prevent the counterfeiting of gold and silver lace and for settling and adjufing the proportions offine fiver and flky and for the better making of gold and filter thread.

Cap. §. For removing any doubt refp^&ing the power of the commidtoners forvhe affairs of India, todireft that the expense of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such troops as may be judged necessary for the ftcririty of the British territories and pofreflions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the revenues arifibg from the said territories and possession 5 and for limiting the application of the said revenues in the manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 9. For enabling the right honourable George earl Brook and earl of Warwick, to build a new bridge over the river Avon, in the borough of Warwick, and to open proper roads and ways thereto.

Cap. 10. For pulling down' the church of Saint James at clerkenwelu in the county of Miidlifexy add for building a new church, arid makfng a new churchyard, or cemetery, in the said parish, with convenient avenues and passages thereto.

Cap. 11. For defraying the charge of the pay and ftoathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for open year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 12. For punishing mutiny and desertion; for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 13. For enlarging and varyiqg fomeof the powers contained in certain acts of parliament relating to the watching, fighting and dealifmg the streets and other ptaces within the town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 14. For more effectually draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the manor or towtiship of North Kyme, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 15. For supplying with water the town of South Shieldu and parts adjacent, and the shipping referring to the said town.

Cap. 16. For repealing an act, made in the second and third years of the reign of Kirig Edward three Sixth, intituled, An act againf the carrying of white actes etui of the realm.

Cap. 17. For the better regulation of the manufacture of ounce thread.

Cap. 18. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bilk, for the service of the year one rhoufand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 19. For raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 20. For amending an act made in the twenty sixth .year of his present majesty's reign yfor the eneourngement of the southern whale fishery \ and for making further provisions for that purpose.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 21. For granting to his Majesty a certain fiim of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 22. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qua.. thexnfeives for offices and employments and to indemnify, juftkes of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for rhofe purpoies; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks toattornies and solicitors, or to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants; and, for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

Cap. 23. To continue several laws, relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to the encouraging the growth of coffee 4n his majesty's plantations in America; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, ifi defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the more effectually encouraging the manu fa&ures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the firi tijb sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the reducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to gp into parts beyond the seas; and to the prevents ing the claodeftme running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby: and to revive and continue several laws relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores to be confirmed on board merchant ships on their voyages j and to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 24. To continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on the exportation of certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax j and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several laws relating to the imprisonment and trahf portation of offenders.

Cap. 25. To render more effectual an a<sl passed in the twenty gxeh year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, An act for greeting certain light koufes in the northern parts of Great Britain.

cp. 26, For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money

a 3 out

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand fever hundred and eighty eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 27. For reducing the duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of the European dominions of the states general of the Unilei Provinces, into this kingdom.

Cap. 28. To exempt certain licences, granted to rtipendiary curates, from stamp duties.

Cap. 29. To enable the East India company to borrow a further sum of money upon bond.

Cap. 30. To enable justices of the peace to licence theatrical representations occafionly, under the restrictions therein contained.

Cap. 31. For appointing commissioners further to inquire into the Losses of all such persons who have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of the province of Eafi Florida to the king of Spain.

Cap. 32. For vesting the estates of Edward Henvill in trustees to be sold; and for applying the money arising by the sale thereof in discharge of a debt owing by him to the crown.

Cap. 33. To repeal the duties and drawbacks of curtoms and excite payable on the importation and exportation of wine, (except wine the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rbtnijby German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain), 'and for granting other duties and drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the duty of excite upon foreign green glass bottles imported, and for charging an additional duty of curtoms in lieu thereof; for ascertaining the duty on carriages, the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directiy from thence; for obviating a doubt with refpes to the duties on white woollen clothes exported; and for reservingto his Majesty the hereditary and other revenues of the crown in Scotland.

Cap. 34. More effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relating to the revenue of curtoms.

Cap. 35* To enable his Majesty to make such regulations as may be necessary to prevent the inconvenience which might arise from the competition of his majesty's subjects and those of the most Christian king, in carrying on the fishery on thecoafts of the island of Newfoundland.

Cap. 36. For the better Securing the rights of persons qualified to vote at county elections.

Cap. 37, For repealing the duties on buck or deer skins undressed, buck or deer skins Indian half dressed, and elk skins unc^reffect, imported, and on hides and skins dressed in oif in this kingdom, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for laying a duty on stuffs printed, painted, rtained, or dyed in

Great

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Great Britain; allowing deer and other skins, the produce o Florida, to be sold by auction free from the duty charged on such sales; for amending: several laws relative to the revenue of excise; to prevent the sale of sweets for coiffumption in the hoofes of retailers thereof, who shall not have licences to sell beer or ale.

Cap. 38. To explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, several laws now in being for preventing the exportation of live sheep, rams, and lambs, wool, wodfels, mort iings, (hortlings, yam, and worded, cruels, coverlids, waddings, and other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made of wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to and made use of as woo) again, roattrafles or beds (luffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing, fullers earth, fulling clay, and tobacco pipe clay, from this kingdom, and from the isles of Jersey, Guernfejy Alderney y sarjty and Man into foreign parts; and for rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act for the winding of wool.

Cap. 39. To allow the importation of rum, or other (pints, from his majesty's colonies or plantations in the West Indies into the province of Quebec without payment of duty, under certain conditions and redactions.

Cap. 40. For giving relief to such persons as have suffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government; and for making compen lationto such persons as have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of the province of East Florida to the king of Spain.

Cap. 41. To enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to the most noble Aubrey duke of Saint Alban.

Cap. 4a. For obviating a doubt in an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An all forfettling and fe curing a certain annuity for the use of lady Maria Carlton, wife of sir Guy Carlton, knight of the most honourable order of the Batby and Guy Carlton, and Tnomas Carlton, font of the said sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent servicet performed by him to his Majesty and this country.

Cap. 43. For obviating a doubt in an act, made in the twenty fixrh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An is to enable hit Majesty to grant a certain annuity to Brook Watson tfomu late commifjary general in North America, in consideration if his diligent and meritorious services in that office.

Cap. 44. For appointing oommissioners further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in Americay in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

a 4'Cap. 45.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 45. To prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Cap. 46. For discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and Upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of jr made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England \ and to continue for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to difconlinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon tow wines and spirits for home consumption \ for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the itiaking and vending British spirits \ for discontinuing for a limited time, certain impojls and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies.

Cap. 47. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for the relief of Protestant purchasers.

Cap. 48. For the better regulation of chimney sweepers, and their apprentices.

Cap. 49. To enable justices of the peace to act as such, in ccrtaiti cases, out of the limits of the counties in which they actually are.

Cap. 50. To amend, and continue, for a limited time, an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the r^ign of his preferit Majesty entitled, An act for further regulating the trade and buss tufs of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 51. To explain, amend, and enlarge the powers of fa much of two acts passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Iks, from the city 0/* London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the said rivers from the boundary of the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Stains, in the county of Middlejexy to the said town of Cricklade.

Cap. 52. For the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 53 To indemnify and save harmless all persons who may have incurred penalties or forfeitures under an act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An act to dissolve the present and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, masters of fhjps, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the navigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom, and for the further encouragement of the coal trade; and also an act, passed in the third year ofithe reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the better regulation of the coal trade; and for the better preventing of combinations in the trade of coals.

Cap. 54. To regulate, for a limited time, the shipping and carrying ilaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 55.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 55. Fox the letter and more effectual protefuon of ftocbng frames and the machines or engines annexed thereto, or ufod therewith; and for the punishment of persons destroy mg or injuring of such (locking frames, machines, or engines, and the framework knitted pieces, (lockings, and other articles and goods used and made in the hogery or framework knitted manufactory 5 or breaking or destroying any machinery contained in any mill or mills used or any way employed in preparing or (binning of wool or cotton for the use of the flocking frame.

(Jap. 56. To repeal an a, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for that regulating the inferences on ships, and on goods, merchandizes, or effects j and for (ubftitutlng other provisions, for the like purpose, in lieu thereof.

Cap. 57. For limiting the number of persons to be carried on the outside of stage coaches or other carriages.

Cap. 58. For enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith; for making a new basin, quays, wharves, or docks; for building warehouses; for making new roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said. harbour; and for empowering the lord proyost, magistrates, and council of the city of Edinburgh, to purchase lands, houses, and areas; and to borrow money for these purposes.

Cap. 59. For establishing a permanent fund for the relief and /upport of (kippers and keelmen employed on the river Tyne who by sickness, or other accidental misfortunes, or by old age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their families; end also for the relief of the widows and children of such (kippers and keelmen.

Cap. 60. To explain and amend an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present majesty Kjng George the Third, for paving, ckanfmg, lighting, watching, and regulating the fquarei % streets9 rows lanes, alleys, and other public passages and places, within the parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex 5 and for romoving nuifancts and obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such parts of Biick Lane as are not within the said parish.

Cap. 61. For continuing an acts, made in the second year of I that reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for enlarging the term and powers of several acts of parliament, relating to the 1 harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the said harbour and town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the said harbour; and for lighting the said town, end supplying the same with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing so much of an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other roads .therein mentioned, in she said county.

Cap. 62. For pulling down and rebuilding the parish church

of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of Saint Peter le Poor, within the city of London, and for widening the street adjacent.

Cap. 63. For charging several estates in the counties of tbumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled upon the late Charles Radclisse, deceased, for life, with remainder to his fifu and other sons, in tail male, with the payment of a clear years rent charge of two thousand five hundred pounds, payable to the grandson of the said Charles Radclisse, the right honourable Anthony James earl of Newburgh, and the heirs male of his body to be begotten.

Cap. 04. For the better paving, cleansing''lighting the town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing obstrultions and annoyances; and for widening the streets, lanes, and other passages within the said town.

Cap. 65. For removing and preventing encroachments, b {bullions, annoyances, and other nuisances, within the city of Bristol, and the liberties thereof 5 and for licensing and better regulating hackney coaches, chairs, wagons, carts, and other carriages, and the owners, drivers, and carriers thereof refpcc tively, and porters, and other persons, within and for certain distances round the said city and liberties; and for better regulating the shipping and trade, and the rivers, wharves, backs, and quays, and the markets within the same city and liberties*and for other purposes.

Cap. 66. For regulating buildings and party walls, within the city of Bristol, and the liberties thereof.

Cap. 67. For widening and rendering commodious a certain street called'broad Street, within the city of B'rijtol; and for enlarging the council house and guild hall of the said city, and providing public offices thereto, and repefitories for the books, papers, and records of the said city.

Cap. 68. For enabling thecommissioners for putting in execution an all made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for paving the streets and lanes within the town and borough Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey, and for cleansing, lightings and watching the same, and also the courts, yards, alleys, and passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, to open, widen, and better regulate the several (beets, lanes, and passages within the east division in the said all described.

Cap. 69. For taking down the present courthouse and gaol, and erelling and building a new courthouse and gaol, in and for the town and county of Invernefi; and for appropriating the Aim of one thousand pounds out of the unexhaufted balance, or surplus, arising from the forfeited estates in North Britain, towards erelling and building the same.

Cap. 70. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Rea, at the town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the course of the said river near the said bridge, apd making a weir and other northeast

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

t&rj works to prevent the lower part of the said town from King overflowed.

Cap. 71. For dividing and enclosing the marsh called mall katb mi cor/jjaagau, in the county of Angltfey, and for embanking the said marsh and for making cuts, channels, and other works, for draining and preserving the same; and for au k>wing the free use of such cuts or channels, with boats or other veflcjs, upon the payment of certain rates, to be applied towards supporting the said embankments and works.

Cap. 72. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, from Pentre Rack near the town of Flinty to Greenfield, in the county of Flint.

Cap 73. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the canal at Doumngton Woody in the county of Salop) to or near a place called Southall Bank) and from thence by two several branches to communicate with the river Severn, one near cauu kook Dal, and the other near Madeley Wood) in the said county, and aho certain collateral cuts to join such canal.

Cap. 74. For rebuilding the parish church of Paddington, in the county of Middksex, and for enlarging the churchyard of the said partfh.

Cap. 75. For paving the footways, and deansing, lighting, and watching the streets and other public passages and places within the borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing cbrtru&ions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 76. For raising further sums of money for the better rdkf of the poor of the city and county of the city of Exon and to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rendering more effcftual federal acts of parliament for erecting hospitals and workhouses within the said city and county, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there.

Cap. 77. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Derwent, ; t or near the town and borough of Derby; and for improving the avenues or approaches thereto.

Cap. 78. For enlarging the terms and powers of twoafts of the twelfth and nineteenth years of his present majesty's reign made for building a temporary bridge, and completing 3 new stone bridge, over the river Tyne, between the town of Newcafile upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the county of Durham, and making the avenues to and the passages over the same more commodious; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoy wees in the streets, lanes, or avenues leading to the said new .: one bridge, within the town of Gateshead, in the county of Dvbam.

Cap. 79. To enable sir Benjamin Hamet knight, to lay out 2nd build a new street, from Fore Street to the church of Saint Merry Magdalen, within the town of Taunton, in the county of

smtr/et.

Cap. 80. For building a bridge over the river Trent, at or near saw/ey Ferry in the counties of Derby and Leixefier.

Cap. 8i.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 81. For incorporating the governor of the free gi mar school of the town and parish of Bolton in the Mcorsy in county palatine of Lancaflery of the foundation of Robert LX late of London, gentleman, deceased; and for enlarging trusts and powers of the'said governors, for the benefit of said school.

Cap. 82. For taking down and rebuilding the gaol of ctftle of Cbejlery the prothonotary's office, the exchequer cord rooms, and other offices and buildings adjoining or tieaj the said gaol, and for making proper yards and convenient thereto.

Cap. 83. For repairing the church of the parish of & Paul Covent Garden in the county of midmesex; for repair and improving the gates and avenues leading to the said churc and for removing the present watch house, and providing anod fox theufe of the said parish.

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collectio

Cap. 84. For continuing the term and varying the powers an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, for repairing i widening several roads leading to the town of Dartford, in the cm of Kent.

Cap. 85. For continuing the term and varying the powers an act, of the sixth yer of his present Majesty, for repairh widening and keeping in repair, the road leading from Turvbrid Wells, in the county of Kent, to the croft ways near Maresfic Street, in the county of Sussex; and for amending the road fre Florence Farm in the parish of ivithyham, to Forest Row in t parish of Eajf Grinfieady in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 86. For amending, widening, and keeping in reps the road from the bottom of Whitejheet Hill through Haricot^the Wilton turnpike road at or near Barford, in the county Wilts.

Cap. 87. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the ter and powers of an act, made in tyre filth year of the reign of f present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and wi suing the road from the Alfreton turnpike road near a place cah Little Robins, in the parish <?/mansfield, in the county of Nottini ham, through Woolley Moor, to Nottingham turnpike road nc

Tanfley, in the county of Derby, and from Woolley Moor, to t Chesterfield turnpike road at Kelftidge, in the said county of Derb

Cap. 88. For enlarging the term and powers of certain act of parliament for repairing several roads leading into and northeast the city of Worceflery and for repairing certain other roai therein mentioned.

Cap. 89. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, pafli in the sixth year of the reign of his present majesty King Geer the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the Mansfie mi Chesterfield turnpike roady near the nine milefont from Mam field through Temple Normanton, Tipton New Enclosure, 0

irk

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the parish of Afhover, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 90. r or enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two as of parliament, made in the twentieth and twenty sixth years of the reign of his late majesty king Georgs the sc cond, for repairing the road leading from Catteriek Bridge, in the county of York, to Yarm in the said county; and from thence to Sixkton, in the county of Durham; and from thence through Seigtfiildy in the said county of Durham, to the city of Durham 5 and for reducing the (kid acts into one; and for the more cflfedually repairing and keeping in repair the said road.

Cap 91. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the sixth yekr.of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the cross or market place in the town of Wimborne Minfter to the cross or market place in the town of Blandford Forum, in the county of Doriet. '

Cap. 92. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging rhe powers of three acts, passed in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his late Majesty and in the twelfth year of the reign of hts present Majesty, for repairing several reads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as relates to that part of the road from the city of Glasgow to the town of Dumbarton, which leads through the county to the town of Dumbarton

Cap. 93. To continue the term and powers of an act, passed in the hinth year of the reign of his present tragedy King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from maid stone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the partfbts of Borden and Bobbing, in the county of Kens.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and varying same of the provtfions of an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, sir repairing and widening the road from Marchwiel, in the county of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, tn the county of Flint, to a house in the pofj'ession Thomas Jenks, in Dodmgton, in the parish of Whitchurch, tn the county of §alop; and from Banger trforefavi to Malpas, in the county of Chester; end from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said county of Salop.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term and powers of two acts, passed in the eighteenth year erf the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventh year of the reign of hii present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Kingston upon Hull to and through the town ^anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk Ella, in the county of the pdi town of Kingston upon Hull.

Cap. 96. For more effectuallyrepatrihgthe roads leading from Pad, through Oswestry, to Wrexham, from Knotkin to han rbotadr; from whitehurjts house, in the road between Oswestry and Wrexham, to Llangolien; and several other roads therein menr tioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh \ and fordischarging the trustees for repairing the Bala and Dolgelley roads from the care of the road between Llangollen and the

confines

, A TABLE of the STATUTES.'

confines of the county of Denbigh, and for making provifior the future repair of the said road.

Cap. 07. For continuing the term of an act, of the mx year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening Ar from Scoie Bridge to the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, wt county of Suffolk, and for amending the said act.

Cap. 98. For amending, widening, turning, and keeping repair, the road leading from the town of Walsall to haggga Bridge, and the road leading from the said town to a cooux called Sutton Coldfield, and the road leading from the said town a certain brook called Park Brook, which divides the paruhcd Walsall and Wolverhampton, alljn the county of Stafford.

Cap. 99. For repairing and widening the road from the a9 tingham and Mansfield turnpike, in the liberty of Blidwortf** The Mile Oak, in the parish of Kirkby in ajbfield, in the cow of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton, to Carter jjm in the parish of South Normanton, and from Pinxton to the collie, near Pinxton Green, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 100. For repairing and widening the road from the LI after and Welford turnpike road, in the counties of Leicester ar! Northampton, near Fofton Lane, to the turnpike road leading fcoi Hinckley to Ajbby de la Zouch, in the said county of Leicester.

Cap. 101. For repairing, widening, turning, and alterir the road from the township of Saltney, in the county of Flinty i the town of Flinty in the said county.

Cap. 102. For amending, 1 widening, and keeping in repaii the road leading from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry in tfi county of Pembroke.

Cap. 103. For continuing and amending an act of the eight! year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the roai from the township of Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York, to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Cheflery an from thence to a bridge over the river Mersey, called Enterclougi Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

Cap. 104. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Spann Smithy > in the county of Chester, io Talk y in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen; and from thence, by Boresford9 to Willey's Oak and from Kingjbam to the Kington and Radnor turnpike roads near The Rod; and from Lingen aforesaid to Wolford, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 106. For enlarging the term and powers of certain as of parliament, so far as the same relate to the road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross, in the county of York.

Cap. 107. To enlarge the terms and powers of two aftspafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the tenth year of his present majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of

Warwick,

A TABLE of the STATUTES. \franrtck, through Elmdon, to a lane leading by the end of Storx Bridge, in the said county.

Cap. 10. For enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament, so far as the same relate to the roads from The Rid Hmfe, near Doncaster, to the south end of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to 'Pontefrafi, and from thence to Wetland, in the township of Henfall, and from pontefrab to Wentbridge, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 109. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontftepben, in the county of Cardigan; and from Llandovery, in the county of Carmarthen, to Lampeterpontftepben aforesaid.

Cap. 110. For continuing the term and altering the powers of certain as of parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the rood from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends near Wortley, in the west riding of the county of York; and for discharging the tmftees from die care of the road from The Four Lane Ends aforesaid to hartckffe Hill.

Cap. hi. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an a, made in the ninth year of the reign of his prefeot Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing so much oftwo several abs of parliament, made andpassed in the /eventeenth and twenty-eighth yean of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relate to the road from the end of the county Stafford, in the pofi road towards the city of Chester, through Woor, in the county of Salop, to Nantwich, in the county of Chester, and /wwnantwich totos porley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said county of Chester, to the said city of Chester. and for more effefiually repairing, widening, and supporting the same road; and aljo for repairing end widening the road from Northwich, in the said county of Chester, to the cross in Tarvin of or (said, as relates to the second and third districts of road comprised in the said act of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and for including the road from Vickers Cross to the turnpike road leading from flookerf brooi Bridge to Frodsham, in the said third district.

Cap. 112. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, fur repairing the road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the county rf Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mould, in the county Flint, and several other roads therein mentioned; and for making and repairing a road from the said Wrexham and Chester road to the Wrexham and Ruthin road, in the said county of Denbigh.

Cap. 113. For enlarging the term of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening tie roads from a certain place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and theme to the guide post near Golbourne Dale, and to the feuth end of Newton Bridge, and from the said guide post to Winwick, and from Newton by Parr Stocks to the guide post in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for making more

cffedtual

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

effectual provision for repairing and widening the said rpadf* except from the said guide port, near Golboume Dais to ivinstuiek.

Cap. 114. For repairing and widening the road froi$ by de Bridge, to Moffat, in the county of Dumfries.

Cap. 115. To continue the term and powers of an act sn$de in the seventh year of the reign of his ppefent Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from The Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the county of Worcester, to the Wootton turnpike, in the great turnpike road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same county.

PRIVATE ACTS.

A Nadi far dividing, allotting, andindosing, the commons

j or waste grounds within the manor of Kiddltfden otherwise Morton, or Riddlefden with Morton, in the parish of Brngley, in the west riding of the county of York.

2. An adlfor dividing, allotting, and enclosing certain moors, commons, or waste lands, within the parishes ofmear and tped tnore, in the county of Somerset.

3. An act for dividing, allotting, and indosing, certain commons, or waste lands, within the parish of Wefibury, in the county f Somerset.

4. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain commons or waste lands within the manor of Bleadon, in the county of Somerset.

5. An act for enabling Ralph Brown Wylde, and his issue, to take the name, and bear the arms, of Brown, pursuant to the will of Jane Brown, late of Caughley, in the parish of Barrow, in the county of Salop, widow, deceased.

6. An act for vesting the real estate of Thomas Read esquire, and Elixabeth Read his daugliter, situate in Shirburn, Brittwell, Sallome, Ltwknor, Stokenthwrch, and Kin of on Blount, in thecoun ty of Oxford, in Thomas earl of Macclesfield, and his heirs and for settling another real estate of the said earl, of greater value, in lieu thereof, and in exchange for the same, in maimer therein mentioned.

7. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields or fttnted pastures, lying within the, parish of Parwicb9 in the county of Derby.

8. An act for dividing and mdolmg the several common and open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the liberty of Hinton, and the commons and waste grounds within the liberties of Dromton> Lea, and Amerton % all within th manor of Chartley, in the county of Stafford.

9.An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open fields, meadows, and commonable grounds, in the parish or fordship of Humberfiont, in the county of Loicefiet.

io. An

A TALE of the STATUTES,

10. An act fov dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, arable lands, pastures, woods, downs, cow domm?<foeydowns, waste lands, and other open and commonable places, within the parish of Headboum Worthy, in the cotm»ty of Saubtmplan.

11. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other com mooabie lands and grounds, of and within the parish of brad ovin the county of Buds.

12. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open arable fields, meadows, heaths, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Wandon otherwise Wavendon, in the county of Buds.

1} An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several open and common arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the township of Filey otherwise fio in the call and north ridings of the county of York.

14. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, and commons, of and within the fordship or liberty of faowfey^ in the county of Leictjler.

15. An od for dividing arid enclosing the common arable fields, and, jiff her common grounds, within the manor or lordship and toswship of Knapton> in the county of the city of Tori.

ioran act for dividing and enclosing the open and common ficus^pommon meadows, and other common aid waste lands, in flad6urjf in the county of Worcester.

Ijrl At act for naturalising Darnel Godfrey tiintze.

ip. An act for divesting sir Henry Clinton and his heirs of the tr qfts iofdivers castles, honours, manors, messuages, lands, tene amt hereditaments, of the most noble Henry duke of New cqftle* and for veiling the same in another trustee, upon the same trustf, and with the like powers, as are mentioned and declared in an indenture of release of the twentieth day of May one thousand Seven hundred and seventy five, or such of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking effect.

19. An act for vesting part of the real estate of the late Hugh lord viscount Falmouth, situate in the borough of Tregony, and parish of Cetby* in the county of Cornwall, in trustees, to be sold tod conveyed to sir Frantit Bajfet baronet, and for other purpoies tbefcin mentioned.

An to enable Elijha Bifcoe esquire, to grant building bfes of part of the estates devised by the will of his late father Elijba Bifcoe esquire, deceased.

21. An act to enable Charles Bowyer Adderley esquire, and the future tenants for life of the estates devised by the will of Bowyer amerley esquire, to gramme building and repairing leases thereof.

22. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed upon between the reverend Philip Pulesion, doctor in divinity, vicar of the parish of Ruabon % in the county of Denbigh, and sir Wetiin William Winn baronet, of certain lands and other here 4amntf within the said parish.

b

A TABLE of the STATUTES?

23. An act for foie of part of the folded estates of'fkuidm Chafin clerk, in the counties of Dorset and Wiltsy for paying certain portions charged thereon, and for bthet purposes V

24. An act to exchange lands and hereditaments between the

trustces of a charity estate in hefslew$ody in the parish of Hefih**in the county of the n>wn of Kingjhn upon Bully and Joseph jfis binfon Peas esquire' '

An act for vesting certain freehold estates, devised hythe will of sir George amyana baronet, deceased, in trustees, to sell the same, and for laying out the money arising by such fate, in the purchase of other manors, lands, or hereditaments, to be settled ih lieu thereof, to the likeufes.

26. An act for allowing timber to be cut upon certain estates settled by the will and a codicil of wiuutm Gojfip esquire, 'and for applying the money toarife therefrom in making repairs on the same estates, and laying out the remainder in purchases of other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

27. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of James simpler esquire, in the county of Devony in him and his heirs, mvexchange for another estate of greater value in the same county, to be settled in lieu thereof.

28. An act to dissolve the marriage of George erringtoncu$xuty with Harriet Corert his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable land and waste grounds, within the townships or parishes ofswaty ind belleauy in the county of Lincoln.

30. An act for draining, dividing, and inclofine, the common and waste ground, called Castlemartm Corfey within the manor and parish of Cafilemortiny in the county of Pembroke.

31. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, pastures, meadows, and other commonable land end grounds, in the parish of wollajhny in the county of Northampton.

32. anaafor extinguishingail right of common on the several commons and waste grounds in the manor and parish of man gctsjicldy in the county of Gloucester^ (except Mango tsjkldgammon^ Emerjon's Greeny and Finney Green) y and for vesting thedaid commons and waste grounds in Charles Bragge esquire, lord of the said manor, discharged from the said right of common, and for securing a rent charge issuing out of the same for the benefit of the poor of the said parish.

33. An act for dividing and enclosing the common arable fields, am! also certain commons and waste lands, within thetownships of Kirkbymoorfhlc, Fadnmry and gulamoery in the parish of kiri bymoorfede, in the north riding of the county of Yorkt.

34. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and

common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and watte lands, in the hamlet of Little Farringdony in the parish oi Langford., in the county of Berks.

35. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and waste

A T'ABXE of Ae ST attjtes.

afibtih'rfi ttirtrinthr msnrirnf strettminthedak, intbeeoan

tyof.wrp.*

36. An for dividing, allotting, and hying hv ieverrity, the 09m awdcomroon fields, open downs, common meadows, cotn coon pastures, and waste lands, within the parish of Netherbavon otbenrifi: Nttbtrawn, in the county of Wilts.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fiem % heath, waste, and commonable lands, within the manors and townships of North and South Rauetby, in the county of Uneetu.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste lands within the parish of Compton Martin, in the county of Sfr

oaorfit,

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, common pastores, common or aaoor, and waste grounds, within the ham ke Or liberty of Spmdon, in the county of Derby.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing certain moors or commons within the township of Begby, in the north riding of the eountyef Tori.

41. An act for enabling Chariot earl Camden to grant, in the manner therein mentioned, building leaks of the prebendal lands at Kentijb Town, in the county of Middlesex.

42. An act to enable the guardian of sir Stephen Richard Gfyttne baronet, an infant, and also Francis Gljnnt esquire, and likewise tbegnaxdians of the several persons who may hereafter become in tklcd to the estates in the county of Flint, comprised in the let — dement made on the marriage of John Conway esquire, deceased,

and the will of sir John Gfynne baronet, also deceased, to grant kales of the coal and other mines within the said estates

> An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor or common within the Several townships of, Little

Laugun, and Dauby upon Wijk, Some or one of them, in the

north tiding of the county of York,

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the township of, in the manor and

parish of Sheffield, in the west riding of the county of York.

'- 45. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, and also a certain common or parcel of waste ground, within the township Of Feather ft one, in the west riding of ihe county of York.

46^ .An act for dividing and inclosing the several stinted paf tute called OU Pajlurt, New Pajlure, and

in the township of Grajfsngton, in the county of York.

- 47. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain common'moor, or trad of waste land, called Tynemouth, Shirt Moor, Billy Moor, or bihy Mill, within the manor of Tynemouth

otherwise Tynemoottbjbirt, otherwise Tynemouth with. motttbshirey in the county of Northumberland.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons or wade grounds within the several manors or lordships of and Wilpjbirt other wise jvilp/hire with in the parish of

- Blackburn

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Bhukisgrn and honour of cjkheroef in the hundred of buekhttpn and county palatine of Lamafler.

., 49. An act for dividing and indefing the common fields and waste lands within the manors of Streetmorjbal> Tyryayuoch, and Deytheurv in the county of Montgomery.,

50. An act for naturalising John Phillip 5*. An act for naturalising Daniel Mantes.

52. An act for naturalising the reverend Lewis Guerry.

53. An, a to enable the trustees of the will of sir Thomas

Dyke Atlanibaronet, to cut down and fell timber upon theestates

thereby deviled, and to grant leases of part of the same ellates upon fines, and to invest the moneys, arising therefrom, in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be Settled to the uses of the will.

54. An act for dividing and enclosing the common marsh, Common fen, and other wafie grounds, in the parish of Long Sutton otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

55. An at to difiolve the marriage of Jonathan Twifs efqtnre, with Frantss Dorrill his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

The Know of the TABLE.

THE

Statute at iurge,

Anno vicesimo nonogeorgii III Regis

Being the SIXTH Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vot. XXXVL Part III

A TABLE

To the BINDER

Place all the Tables in order at the beginning, and all the indexes': 7 in the same order at the' end of the yohime.

A

TABLE

OF T H E

ST A TU TES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno nono

GEORGII III

Bong the Sixth Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of

Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS,

Cap. I. r continue the Jaws now in force for regulating the JL trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united dates of America, fp far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united dates.

Cap. a. For punishing mutiny and desertion $ for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 4^ For more effectually carrying into execution the purposes of certain acts, of the sixteenth and twenty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and en ployment of thfe poor, within the hundred of Forehoe, in the couhty of Norfolk.

Cap. 5* For the improvement of Manehester Square, within the pari In of Saint Marylebone, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 6. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

Cap. 7. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

: A TABJUE of the STATUTES,

as'refate; to the repairing and widening fereral roads leadiftg ^hfough the county of Roxburgh*and for better regulating die statute labour within the said county. -*°-

Cap 8. For building a new fhirehouse for the'county tsx

£ji*.'- ' -*

Cap. 4. To repeal two acts, made in the twenty^fifth1 and^entyifixth years of the reign Of hit presentmajesty, forigrtint itig'rrhis Majesty certain duties on hops within Great Britain.**'

* % Clap. 10. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvied 'nf the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.: i Cap. ir. To, enabte Jfcfery Alfager* Margaret Alfager^ and 'Judith jflfisger* to firrifh and complete a new church or cbapef» lrt the parish of Barthotnley, in the county of Chester* and to e dow the same; and to establish a charity school within the fafrd parish; and veiling the right of presentation to the said church Or chapel in them, and the future lords and ladies of the manor of Alfager* withia the said county.

Cap. il. For paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, thatching, widening, and regulating the streets, lanes, alleys, and public passages, within the town of Whitby in the county of York \ for preventing incroachments, nuisances, and annoyirkfes therein j for regulating the carriages, cartmen, and porters there $ 2nd fcr making convenient approaches to the bridge oytt the wrjfor Eft within the said town.

"f "Cap. rg. To suspend, for a limited time, the execution of on 'aft oafled in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act'far the better feeuring ihe rights of persons qualified to vote at county euc-

, lions; and for indemnifying the persons required to carry the said ' aivlrtto execution, from the penalties they may have Incurred X ifi not executing all the provisions of the said act. '

^'Cap. 14. fr amending an act of the twenty. fevehth yfeak of ' "hi!" present Majesty, ^/* rebuilding the church of the pari/hofs&nt Mary Wanftede, alias Wanftcad, in the county tf Essex. 1 -; i i Cap. ic. For defraying the charge of the pay and clashing*bf the mifitia, in that part of Great Britain called England j for V one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one Ihdbfknd seven hundred and eighty nine.

Cap. 16. To enable his Majesty to authorise, in cafelef northeast, ccffity^the importation of bread, flour, Indian corn and live "flock, " " from: any of the territories belonging to the united'(fates of Ameiica* ihto the province of Quebec and all the coon^tries bordering on the gulf of Saint Lawrence and the Tfltfbdk r within the said gulf, and to the coast of Labrador.

Cap. 17. For repiririg certain roads in the county tf p&tb;

and for explaining and amending an act, made in therwettty'fifth year of the reign of hispresent for repairing the / highways bridges and ferries in the county Of Perrh.

Cap. 18. For repealing art act made in the laftfeflton 6f parliament, entitled, An act for the better feeuring the rights of per' fens qualified tc vote at county tleflions*

A TABLE tf the STATUTES.

Cap. 19. For continuing an3, made in the twemjr seventh $wr: of the reign of hts present m^jesty, (chap. 38.^ ii?ritylcd, 4n tbs ennmragement of the arts of designing and frinfirig linens, cottons, calicoes, mufiins, by vefling the properties forty

in the designers^ printers, run/proprietors, for a limited time, f f Cap. 20. For repairing the roads in the county of forfarr % nd see repeating the statute labour within the same.

Cap. 31, For altering the powers of anact, made in the thirty third ycarof the reign of his laiemajestykingg^r/e the Second 35-) fr treating piers and other wortsfor the security find tmprevenptu of the harbour of New Shoreham, in the county tf Sussex, and for kespietg, the same in repair,

Cap. 2a. To aorepd and render effectual an a A of the thirty first year of Kusg George the Second, (chap. 18.) for draining and. prefnrving certain fen lands and law grounds in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, . Ouse, mudenhall rivers, end bounded on the fcuto east by the bard lastdaef Lie ham, Fordbam, Soharn, and wieven; and for impow eringfbe governor, bailiffs and commonalty of tin company of confer voters f she great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, tofilkcer. tain lands wit him (be said limits, commonly called Inverted Land;

2lq4 .for laying certain rater on vessels navigated upon the said^o^ards supporting the banks thereof,

; Cap. 23-; For enlarging the term and powers of several a<$ts, pafted in the eighth, and ninth ycarsof thercjgn of King William the Third, and in the first, fifth, and. seventhyears of the reign of George fh©i First, and in the twenty^sixth year of the feign of jhis.iate majesty King George the Second for. rebuilding^repairing, and amending.the piers of Bridlington, alia Burlington, ia the county of York. k V

Cap. 34. For rebuilding the market fioufeof the town of lianfyluny inthqcouoty of Montgomery, and for other purposes tliefeif>: qaentioopd, and defraying the e^pence thereof/by fcle of certain wade lands in the townships of Globwlcht and Bachau, in the said cpunty. >,

CP £5, Xo iwprporate. certain perjops therein named, and their fsacceflors, by the name and style. of.the Northumberland fisherj Society; , end to, enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a capital joint stock for more effectnally supporting, con duelling, and iocreafihg such fishery.

V cp. a6. Xo explain and amend an ay made in the twenty fiftji year the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An at far granting to kis Mojejly additionalduties, sits hawker pedlars send j Pretty dppp men; and for regulating their trade.

Cap. 27. For paying, cleansing, lighting, improving and regulating.. the. Greets, Janes, and other public passage and and for repairing the highways, within the parjlh of t Saint Glemsxt in the town and port of tfl the coyftjy of

Suffix \ and for refnoviqg and preventing nuiftnees, aortoyarves, incroachmenrs, within tl^ said towi) and

port m s - r

a 3 -. C*J>. 28.

4 A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 28. For appropriating the sum of three thoqfaod pounds out of the unexhaufted balance or surplus arising from Jthe forfeited estates in North Britain, to be applied by the highland society of Scctlahd at Edinburgh to pumick uses in that part of the kingdom.

Cap. 29. For providing a workhouse for the use of the parish of Highworth* in the county of Wilts \ and for appointing aft additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the said parish.

Cap. 30. To amend and enlarge the powers of an act, pa fled in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for repairing the church of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of*Middlesex 5 for repairing and improving the gates and avenues hading to the said church; and for removing the present ivatch house, and providing another for the use of the said parish.

Cap. 31. For rebuilding the parish church of Saint Chady in the town of Shrewsbury and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetry or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and passages to the said church and cemetry.

Cap. 32. For embanking and draining certain fens and lowlands in the parishes of Notion and pot&rkanwcrtby in the county«of Lincoln \ and in the parish of Branjlon, in the county of the city of Linfcln.

Cap. 33. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 34. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

Cap. 35. For raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

Cap. 36. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

37. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities.

Cap. 38. For opening a new street from Fleet Street to Temple Street, in the city of London, and also a public passage from such new street towards Water Lane; and for slopping up or altering certain courts, alleys, or passages, and setting out others near tcf or communicating with such new street and passage.

Cap. 39. To explain, amend, and render more effectual several acts made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and "the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Loyney otherwise called Luney and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancajlery in the county palatine of Lanenfter\ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 4c. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify iufticcs of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register.. deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and for giving further time for those purposes 5 and to indeth oify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole adxniilions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly ilamped 5 and 10 give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors, or to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit deicriptions of their qualifications Co the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

Cap. 4, 1. For raising a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, to be attended with the benefit of survivorship, in classes.

Cap. 42. For applying the sum of one thousand pounds out of the unexhaufted balance or surplus arising from the forfeited estates in North Britain, towards completing and finishing the bridge over the Bees or paji of Cockburnfpathy in the county of Berwick.

Cap. 43. For altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for deepening, cleansing, and making more common dibits, the harbours of the town of Greenock; for supplying the inhabitants with fresh and wkolefome water \ and for pavings cleans ingy lighting, and watching thejlreets-and aether public places within the said town.

Cap. 44. For paving the footways of the several street, pub lick passages, and places, within the town of Chelmsford, and hamlet of afoul/barriy in the parish of Chelmsford, in the county of Effort and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said town and hamlet j and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and mcroachments therein.

Cap. 45. For amending and continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the lalhession of parliament, entitled An act for difiontinuingy for a limited timey the fveral duties payable in Scbtland, upon low wines and spiritsy and upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the difillationof spiritsy and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of british made spirits from England to Scotland, and frvm Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Ma fofij* 44 10 eji/ccntinue for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon Itly wines and Jpifits for home confumptibn 5 and for granting end securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for dise ontinuingfor a limited time ter tain impo/ls and duties upon rum end spirits imported frm the West Indies and to revive and continue the said fall mentioned act.

Cap. 46. For preventing the wilfully burning or destroying'

'4 ships.

A TABLE of thcstatote^!

and (he wilfully and maliciously^ikftn>ykig ny r#d»imf^ fwk, linen, orcotton goods, oranyini^menlents prepived fervour used in the manufacture thereof m that partof Great Britton ( called Scotland.

Cap. 47. For providing an additional burial ground^ftii^ tfce porifh of Saintfomesy Westminster9 ahd' erring a^h&pektfdjbin lug thereto, arid alfoahouse lor the remence ofa dtfgyman to officiate d burying the dead. : ^V

Cap. 48. For continuing the church of Saint Giles, ih tfce parish of pomtfrar % in the county of York the parish chufch 5 and for other purposes

49. For granting to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horses and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining and amending an a passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels therein mentioned.

Cap. 50. For granting to his Majesty several additional damp duties on newspapers, advertisemems, and on cards and diet.

, Cap 51. For granting to his Majesty several additional stamp duties on probates of wills, letters of administratiott, and on receipts for legacies, or for any share of a perloftal eft we divided by force of the statute of distributions.

Cap. 52. To give further powers to the commissioners for erecting certain lighthouses in the northern parts of grhh Britain.

Can. 53. For further encouraging and regulating tilt 2firo. foundlond, Greenland, and fouihern whale ftihcries.

Cap. 54. For further continuing an a made in the twtinfty thjrd year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, Ate ttfl for the more effetlual encouragement of the manufaflurei of flax akd cotton in Great Britain.;

Cap 55 To continue several laws therein mentfonedtrelative to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain to the encouragement of the filftc manufactures and for taking off several duties on merchandise exported and reducing other duties; to the free importation of cochineal and indigo; to the prohibiting the importation of bodtt reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed iiv Great Britain; to securing the duties upon foreign made cloth, 'and charging foreign made sails with a duty; to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought fiiks and velvets; to fchfc'dmcoa tinuing the duties payable upon the importation of t#l)owv1iogs lard, and grease; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and (leel manufactured of this kingdom, and to prevent the (educing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas; and to the ascertaining the strength of Spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 56. For explaining and amending ah a, parted an the last session of parliament, intituled, An ab for reguldtingybe trade between the subjects of his majesty's colonies and plantations in North America

A T awujsl & the STATUTES.

am!i&v di 1 ndia ijbnds, and thf countries belonging

telusmiedgfrajstwrica ani bctwctn his mqsfly's/aid Jab

tie West Indies.

Cap. 57. For further regulating the trade or business of pawn

ifcrolwrt^vjn ^'*^ V

Capk5& Por better regulating and ascertaining the importa tia tad^rpo^tation of com and grain; and ahb for better regelating the exportation of starch, and the importation of rape bod.

Cap 594 For allow!ng the like drawback on teas, exported to the islands of Guemjey and Jtrfty* and to Gibraltar y and otherpbct&ca the continent: of Europe, and to Africaas is now allowed oa teas exported to Inland or America.

Cap. 60. For granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of coffee, imported by the ea/i India company, in the ship Lard Camden > in the year one thousand Seven bundled and eighty six.

Cap. 6j^For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money .oofcof the consolidated fond) and for applying a certain sum of mmey therein mentioned, for the Service of the year one thou itadkven hundred and eighty nine; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making iortbdv^eates.of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, 4?oc£ipte, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Cap 62. For appointing commissioners further to inquire into the lolles and services of all such persons who have Suffered properties, and prosessions, during the late un. happyduftmueraa to America in consequence of their loyalty to / hi a^a^cdy^.and attachment to the british government.

Cap. 63, To exempt all piece goods vfove in this kingdom, and which, ihotf< be sold by auction, from the duty imposed on fticb Jhlttkt for exempting persons licensed to retail spirituous himoiwicroiva £ Uc payment of the duties imposed on Such licences, off, retailing such liquors before the expiration f«jf tbcitin^ tpf which Such licences shall be granted; and forwjg*9g persons who shall deal in brandy, not being retailers, j#<ti£iftrs, or, diddlefi, to take out licences for that purpose, ; 64*; tolftud)prise iik lord high treasurer, or the com wittoners of the ue^fury, to appoint two of the commissioners of jth£4hiftofn* in England and one of the commissioners of the Scotland, cnquire into the annual amount of the; xoacluimwot9 of oisqpxrs oath custoins, and other persons cm pl^vedi« % hgtrcv^i^,

tvq on»blevthe East india*company to ratfe money by iincre^fing their capital stock.

v<c4p<*£6». Tp caiuimie* for ai limited time, and amend anradl, made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An a toreguku, far 4 eri&ud lime the jmppiftg and carrying fixi in British v*ji: s from aba f Afjrjwu., f

V*6**.

A TABLE of the ST AT UT E S.

Cap. 67. For the more effectual execution of the law wm fpcfting gaols.

Cap. 68. For repealing the duties on tobacco and (huff and for granting new duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 69. For the better paving, repairing, cleanling, lighting and watching the highways, streets, lanes, and other pubmcl passages and places, within the town and Jihetty of Faverfimm in the county of Kent and also certain places near or adjom^| thereto; and for removing and preventing incroachments, ph ftrudtions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 70. For dividing and enclosing the open common fen and ings in the parish of Dunjion* in rhe county of Lincoln9mad for draining and improving certain parts thereof, and also certain enclosed lowlands in the said parish, and in the parish of Metheringham in the said county.

Cap. 71. For paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching such streets and other public places within that pare of the parish of St. Pancras, in the county of Middkfex* which lies on the north and south (ides of the new road, leading from Paddington to ijlington* called Sommers Town and is now actually leased to Jacob Letoux esquire, for building upon, or that may be hereatter leased for the like purpose; and for preventing nuisances and obstructions therein.

Cap. 72. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the borough of Andevor*. in the county of Southampton to or near Redbridge, in the parish of Milibrook* in tyre said county.

Cap. 73. For protecting and securing the hot baths nd springs, within the city of Bath, from injury by incroachments arid annoyances; for enlarging or'rebuilding the present pomp rooms there; for widening certain streets, lanes, and public passages, and for making certain new streets and passages, to render the approaches to the said hot baths, springs, and pump rooms, more safe and commodious.

Cap. 74. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from oe from near to Cromford Bridge in the county of Derby to join and communicate with the Erewafl) canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a collateral cut from the said intended canal at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Phixton Milly in thedaid county.

Cap. 75. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint George Hanover Square within the liberty of the city of Westminster 5 for repairing the highways, regulating the beadles, watch, and patrol; for paving, repairing, cle^nf ing, lighting, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances within several of the streets and other public passages and places within the said parish; and for other purposes relating to the said parish.

Cap. 76. For reviving certain powers granted by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for dividing and enclosing fuel of te open parts of

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the talkd The Forest of Knaresborough, in the county of York, as He within the eleven constableries thereof; and for other purpofu therein mentioned; ) and by an act of the fourteenth year of his majesty's reign, for amending the said former act, and for making the said two acts more effcduaj.

Cap. 77. For continuing and making more effectual the acts of parliament, for opening, cleaniing, repairing, and improving the harbour of Southwoid, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 78, For dividing, enclosing, and draining, the open fields, rags, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of tveft Haddlefcy, Chapel Haddlefey^ and East Haddltfey, and Temple Hirff in the parish of Biriin, in the west riding of the county of York.',

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collection, V

Cap. 79. For making and repairing the road from the city of Glasgow, in the county of Lanark, to Muirkirk in the county of Ayr, and from thence to the confines of the said county of Ayr, towards Sanquhar in the county of Dumfries \ and other roads communicating therewith.

Cap. 80. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Sunderland nedr the sea, te the dtp ej .Durham, in the county cf Durham.

Cap. 81. For altering, raising, widening, repairing, and pre fvrving the road leading from the town of bi/hop Wearmovth, near Sunderland, in the county of Durham, to the town of nor t: n near Stockton, in the said county.

Cap. 82. To enlarge the term ahd powers of three acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of hi; Jate majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening CM Street Read in the parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shreditch, in the county of Middlesex; and also for repairing and keeping in repair the road leading from Worship Street to Crown iinet, along the cad side of Moorfields.

Cap. 83. For enlarging the terms of three acts, made in the second, seventeenth, and twenty-eighth years of his late ma jtfty, for repairing the roads from Colefbill, through the ciry of Uifield and the town of Stone, to the end of the county of hfferd, in the road leading towards Chester, and several other roads in the said acts mentioned, in the .counties of Warwick Jnd Stafford, apd city and county of the city of Lichfield \ and hr making more effectual provision for repairing and widening the said roads, and other roads therein mentioned, in the said county of Stafford.

Cap. 84. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the ninth year of hrs present Majesty, for repairing and widening threads from the turnpike road at Golford Green, in the parish of Cranbrooke, to the turnpike road in the parish of sandvuirft, an from The Green near Benenden Church, to the bullinn^o Rovelden Cross, in the county of Kent. o'k : . t

Cap. 85. For enlarging the term and powers of. an the seventh year of his present Majesty, frr repairing, vndammgg and keeping in repair, the road leading from the highroad brdduem Bromley and Fattiborough, in the county of Kent

in the turnpike road leading from Tunbridge ns

Mafesfield, in the county ofsuflex.., C

Cap. 86* For repairing and widening the road fronn si town of Wakefield to the town of Abberford, in die west iidin^ oj thie county o!' York.' \>'^uuh.

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from Gratamcy, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar^in the county of Dumfries. to the confines of the county of Ayry and the road from Garft* narget to Wanlotkbead, in the said county of Dumfries. »: 1 -

Cap. 88v For continuing and rendering more effectual. &ve tal acts for repairing the road from Hertfordbridge Riff t a it he town of Bafingjhke, and also the road from Hertford bridge Uftl aforesaid to the town of Odibam, in the county, tif Southampton*and for extending the limits of the said lad mentionedixdad, from the presenttermination thereofin the said town oi Qaiham* to the mad leading from thence, through the'.fbid town to the great weftefcn road at Bartley Heathy in the said county.: Cap. 89. For repairing and widening the road frotn qcfc ham in the county oi Southampton^ to Farnhamy in the^cowtoty of Stetrty. 1^" .0^ V

Cap. 90. To enlarge the term and powers of an ak passed in ttre eighteenth year of the reign; of his present Majesty, far repairing and Widening the road from Stokenchurch, in itbr. titatty of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said bridge i*inflow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge to the miuw»jyjtading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the mileway dtafivtg frnon Saint giles's churchy mar the city of Oxford by i^ghsoke*^* New Wood (lock, in the said county and for making, Amending, completing, and keeping in repair, a^aroad Bool die bdttom of Chtynty Lane, up Hmdingtm hth, i tpo jqbi; the present Enfiow branch of road, in the parish the said county of Oxford to be nfed instead.of the present road up Cbeyney Lane and Sbotover Hill, to the Wist endof the tdwn of Wbcathy, and for amending and widening the road from the west end of the said town to the foulfrifiow branch of road.

Cap. 9t. For enlarging the term and powers o£an al of, the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the end of the county Stafford, in the pqfi roadto wards the tity of Chester, through Woor, in the county of Salop, to naatwich, in the county cf Chester and from Nam which to tar porley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said county of Chtfter, to the said city of Chester together with a certain other

V*.road

4 TABLE of the STATUTES.

m.d.. tfceteih tnentiooed, io far as relate to the first di drift of the hid roads.

Cap. 91. Forenlarging the term and powers of federal aftsf Bakin thememy sixth, twenty seventh, and thirtieth year''therein of his (ate majesty King George the Second, Io far u nlitts to certain rood leading through the counties of

mkxeefratu -

Cap. 03. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading firom Congleton to Colley Bridge, and from the hid bridge to Smithy Green, in the parish of in the

county of Cbtfier; and for setting out and making new roads from Sandy Greenaforesaid, to join a branch from the Leek

turnpike road at Tbatihmarch Bottom, in the parish of m, in the comity of Derby, and from the hr mentioned road to the Havontmh Mills.

Cap. 94.. For enlarging the term and powers of art act of the tenth year of his prefcntmajesty, for from the

Bridge a The Old Rivet er Barton, to Brandon bridge, in the aueyefsuffolk.

Cap. 95.* Foe more effectually amending, and keeping in repur, feuml roads leading from the late market house in bridge, in the county of Wornfter; and for repealing certain ids of parliament, io for as. relates to the said roads, and for mendng (he road from Coolboum/ Brook, through Wollajlon to Qmetbdi Field Comer, in the counties of Worcefitr and Stafford. Cap. 96. For more effectually repairing the roads from the tarn End, in: the; parish o i saintleonard to the fur

thenrioft pact, of the northern road, in ttik perish of Enfield; sad from the plaoe where the watch house in Edmonton formerly food, to the market place in Enfield, in the county of;

and far lighting, watching, and watering part thereof; and for repeating certain acts erf parliament relating to the said roads $ udfar amending, widening, and keeping in repair, tho>ioad famnaurngten Great'to Bnfie Hill, in the parish of Edmonton,

a the fridcounty.

Cap; yji For enlarging the term of, and amending, an act of it feirmibtyeah of his present Majesty, for repairing )gnd

itgtbe toad from Shaddon Got n, iiearcarlille, to the present

fikrttdxtil Muiaside, and from a plate in the said turnpike road, ktum Brafcy Mircs .usd. North. Raw Gate, roddtt&luubeek^ bn theonaty Cumberland -

98. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the poweo, '3>fnwo afta, piled, in the fourteenth year of the idgrrcrf^hirlanr'majestyv apd the second year, of the reign of jtis prcfcftt ana jellykibg george. the Third, so far, as the same relate tarcpai ring theroaif from Donrajltr, 'through the parish dpuifun{kkraic county.of Xbrly, to sajter's in the county

cf6fot/<r.'. - .0

cap r^y. for enlarging theter01 and powers of. an act, .passed*the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, sir repairing and widening the road from T arpoi lay, the county

a palatine

A TABLE of the STATUTES. faktine ef Chester, to Adlon Bridge, near Weaverham, in same county.

Cap. ioo. For continuing the term, and altering and enl; mg the powers of an pa (fed in the seventh year of reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the \ from the brick kilns on East Mailing Heath to the t % rnpikt root Penbury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wc near Mat field Green, in the county of Kent.

Cap. ioi. To enlarge the term and powers of an ak of eighth year or his present Majesty, for repairing and widening road from Bockland Dinham, to the end of the parish of Till bury; and also the road from Midfomer Norton, to the end ef parish Norton Saint Phillips; and also the road from Tudn Grave, to the read leading from Wei low to a place known by name of The Red Port in the county of Somerset; and amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from I mtrfdon, in the said county, to join the road from Buckland D ham aforesaid, in the street of Radstock, in the said county.

Cap. 102. Foramending, widening, and keeping in repa the road leading from the cross hands in Teddington Fiefi. the parish of Overbuy in the county of worcester % to the L don turnpike road, between Evcrjbam and Perfbore % in the to county.

Cap. 103. For continuing the term, and varying the power of certain aefts of parliament, of the first, seventeenth, and thi tieth years of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads Uadi from the borough of Eveftiam, and several other roads in the cou tics of Worcester and Gloucester.

Cap. 104. For more effectually repairing several roads lea ing from Ledbury, in the county of Hereford, and the ro; through the parish of Bromejberrow in the county of Gloucefie and Corse Laivny till it joins the road from Gloucester to Worcefh

Cap. 105. For enlarging the terms and powers of fercral zt of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth years of his Jate M; jetty's reign, and of the fourth year of his present reign, for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburg and for making the same more effectual.

Cap. 106. For enlarging the term and powers of an a < the seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widei'ing the road from the turnpike road at Hatton, near the borough Warwick, through king's Norton, in the county of Worcester and to the upper cud of Gannow Green, in the parish ofbtom grove, and to the Bell Inn, in the parish of Bell Broughton, in // said county of Worcester; so far as relates to the road betwee the said turnpike road at Hatton and Hoikley Heath in tl county of Warwick.

Cap. 107. For amending, widening, turning, varying, altej ing, and keeping in repair, the road from a certain dwelling house in Bury now or late in the occupation of William Wallet gentleman, to Hoflmgden, and from thence to the east^nd C Salford Bridge, in Blackburn 5 and also the road from Hajlingit

aforefai

A TABLE hf the STATUTES.

aforebld to tbo ft end of Coekjhut Bridge, in the town of ifballey\ and also the road from Haflingdtn aforesaid, through Nnv Cborch end Be cup, to Todmorden $ and for making a road from the kid road between Bury and Haflingdtn, in the township of fvilnurjlty^ to the river Itwell, and for building a bridge over the bid river all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. jo. For enlarging the term and powers of three acts, pqfod io the third and twenty second yean of his late majesty King George the Second and in the ninth year of the reign of Ws present Majesty, for repotting the fe*oeral roads leading into the city of Hereford; and for amending the roads to Llaneloudy Hill and Langna Bridge, and also for making and keeping in repair the roads from the said city of Hertford to Hearwithy Poffege, through the several townships or places therein mentioned.

Cap. 109. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of so much of an act, passed in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the road from the city of York to the top of oswald hri Bank, and for discharging the trustees from the care of the roads from the said road in Sutton Field, through Creike, towards Oulftofty to the extent of the lordthip of Craike, in the county of York.

Cap. no. For repairing and widening the road from Each dole Lone End, in the village of Heywood, in the parish of Bus to 4 place called The Loots End, in the parish of Preftvotib* in the county of palatine of Lancaster.

PRIVATE ACTS.

u A N id for dividing and enclosing certain ings or meadow ground, called Bradley lags, and two moors or commons calkd Upper Bradley Common and Lower Bradley Common, within the manor of Bradley, in the parish of Kildwick, in the west riding of the county of York.

2. An alto enable Ralph fflllis esquire, (lately called Ralph Earl) and the heirs male of his body, to take the surname, and bear the arms of Willis only, pursuant to the will of Daniel Willis esquire, deceased.

3. An a<st'for naturalising Nathaniel Wmdt.

4. An act for naturalising John Gottlieb Klopfer, John William Fogel, and Henry Stffken.

5. An act for the naturalisation of Jacob Siordet and James Lewis Siordet.

6. An act for the naturalisation of Lewis Pour tales

7. An act to diflfolve the marriage of Henry Forticl Sheridan esquire, with Lydia Ferguffime, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

8. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, downs, commons, and commonable lands, in the manor and pari<h of Lower Swell, in the county of Gloucester.

9.An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the open and common fields and commons downs, common paftiuw*, common meadows, cbmraon marlhcs, and other commonawe lands and ground, within the parish of Broughton, in the county of Southampton.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open common fields, and several other lands and grounds, in the parish of clbruffingtony of her wise Tbruftanton, other wise Trujjington, in the county of Leicester.

11. An act for naturalising Frederiek Samel Secretany otherwise called Samuel Frederick Secretan.

12. An act for vesting the settled ellates, of William Halbtt esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for laying out the money arising by the sale in the purchase of other messuages, lands, and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses'

'An act for vesting certain ellates devised by the will of sir John Philipps baronet, deceased, in trufiees, to be sold, and for inverting the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other lands, tf> be settled to the uses devised by the find will of the ellates foto be veiled in trustees to be sold.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common called Wifwell Moor in the township of Wifwell9 and parish of Wballey, in the county palatine of Lmcqfter.

15. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open fields, arable and meadow grounds, and; lammas lands and commons, moors, and warte lands, within the manors of Stanwell and Hammonds, otherwise Sbipcot, and in the parish of Stanwell % in the county of Afiddlesex.

16. An act for dividing and allotting the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in Puttony alias Podington, in the village or tything of Eaftony in the parish of Cbickerilly alias West Chickerill, in the county of Dorset.

17. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the common fields and warte lands within the manors of Mecoen' Ifcoed and Plasy Dinas in the county of Montgomery.

18. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in sevendty, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftiires, open downs, and other commonable lands, within the parilhcs of Urcbjont and Beeching/} oke in the county of Wilts.

19. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, meadows, partures, commons, commonable places, and warte lands, in the lordship or liberties of Grooby, in the parish of Ratby and county of Leicester.

2#. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common partures, and wafie grounds, in the parish of Wbatton, in the county of Nottingham.

21. An act for dividing and enclosing certain Hinted partures within the township of Lancliffe* in the west riding of the county

22. Q 2d ro enable Charles Watlin John Buciwrtb esquire and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname, and beif ihearms of Sbakerliy, purfuam to the will of Peter Shakcrley esquire, deceased.

*3. for naturalising Anna Elizabeth Jackson,

for naturalising Anthony Demtzy.

25. An act for establishing, confirming, and carrying into erfeeffon cenain articles of agreement between the reverend jtknlmth, Vicar of the parish of Burley on the Hill in the county of Rutland and the right honourable George earl of ivtnchelfea and Nottingham, and thereby settling all disputes and differences which have arisen in consequence of a claim of tithes made by the said vicar.

26s An act for allowing timber to be cut upon certain estates settled by the will of general Philip Honywood, and for applying the money toarife therefrom in paying off a mortgage now due and owing on the same estates, and laying out the remainder in purchase of other estates to be settled to the same uses.

27. An act for vesting certain parts of the settled estates of Rrztl Fitzberbert esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for applying the money arising from the sale thereof in discharge of the incumbranqes affecting the same, and for laying out the residue in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the uses of the parts dfihe settled estates remaining unsold.

ff. An act to enable Richard Moland esquire, natural guardian of his infant daughters Elizabeth Moland, Anna Maria Moland, Laiitia Martha Moland, and Margaret Lucy Moland, and, in case bf his death, the future guardian or guardians of his said daughters, during their minorities, to grant building leases of one undivided moiety of certain lands, in the pari fries ot Birmingham, and 4fien near Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and to lay out convenient streets, ways, and passages, to the buildings to be erected thereon.

29. An act for vesting diverse undivided parts cf certain estates in maffisr^fln^e, the settled property of the reverend Jonas Sidney and Mary his wife, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase money in entire estates, to be settled to the same uses.

30. An act for vesting the estate late of sir Thomas Pym Hales, baronet, deceased, in the county of Kent, in trustees, to be sold andckfposed of for the payment of certain encumbrances affeditig the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

axe. An act for vesting part of the estates devised by the will of jebn carl Tylney in London, middle(ix, and e£ex % in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money thence arising in other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same uses.

32. An act for effeduating the sale of certain estates late of John farer, deceased.

33. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of William — Nertbey esquire, in the county of Wilts, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase money in other estates, to be settled to the same uses,

Vo 1. XXXVI b 34- An

atableofthestatutes.

34. An act for effectuating the sale of the freehold estate of Nathaniel Webb esquire, and Harriet Eton, his wife, an

at Borebam, in the county of Essex.

35. An act for carrying into execution an agreement for sale of the brewhouse and hereditaments in and near Golden London, lately belonging to Joseph Dickenson esquire, deceased and for applying two thirds of the money, agreed to be paid for the purchase of the freehold part of the said brewivoufe amf hereditaments, in the purchase of freehold hereditaments, to te settled in manner in the said a mentioned; and for such other purposes as in the said act mentioned,

36. An at to enable the tenants for life, and other persons in. pouession, or entitled to the rents of the estates comprised in certain indentures of settlement, one made pursuant to articles entered into upon the marriage of Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, gentleman, with Am his wife and the others made pursuant to articles entered into upon the marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid, gentleman with Maty his wife, to grant leases; and for other purposes.

37. An a to enable the reverend William Lloyd to complete his contra with Jacob boj'anquet esquire, for sale of part of his settled estates, and veiling the remaining part of the same estates in trustees for sale.

38. An a to enable sir John Ingleby baronet, to charge hi settled estates in the county of Xork in the manner therein mentioned.

39. An act for veiling certain parts of the real estates late of Francis Bine, of the town and county of the town of Kfngflju$ upon Hull, merchant, dccealed, in trustees, to sell and cpnvey they same, 'and for laying out the money arising by such ffde in manner, and upon the trulls, therein mentioned.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the Qpen and common fields, common downs, walle lands, and otper commonable places, within the several tvthings of Qdibam, North warnborough, Hillfide, Rye, and Stapely, in the parilb of Odibamt* in the county of Southampton.

41. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the township of Co pijlon, in the parish of Swine, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York.

42. An act for dividing and allotting the open pd commqr;

fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parilhet of Berwick Saint James and fijbert^n Anger, in. the county of, Wilts.

43. An act for embanking the cpmmon salt majlh within, the township of Watyole* in the county of Norfolk, and for dividing and enclosing the same, and several other commons within tbft said township.

44. An act for dividing and enclosing the heaths, fengroppds* commons, and waste lands? within the parish of boflhqm^ip, they: county of Norfolk.

'''45- A

j A tafcle of the statutes.

45. An act for dividing and enclosing the ppm end common fcfos, common meadows, common pa&ures, and wqae lands;

I in the parish of Normanpy next Sp in the county of Liattln. t 46. Aniftfor dividing and inclosing (fie open and comment i fifth, meadows, and commons, of and witbfot Hie parkh of Smtb &wsrtb, in the county of Lt'uefier.

47. An idt for dividing, allotting, and ipcloing, the Open cantnoo fields, common meadows, common patnires, waste hods, andcotnmonable places, within the hamlets of Beurton a ad ipdubfield, in the parish of Sbriyepbans, in the county of Berks.

48. An act to enable Arthur A Roberts esquire, and the heirs of his body, to take, use, and bear, the filename and arms

of ptwtu, purfuxnt to the will of John Powell esquire, deceased.

49.'An act for naturalising Henry Nantes.

50. An act for naturalising Christopher Gemfis.

5s. An act for vesting diverse manors, mefiaages, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Stafford and Salop, late the oftate of Elisabeth Parson, deceased, wife of Jobu Parjim esquire, in trnfiees, to be (old, for the purposes therein mentioned,

S?. An act to difiolvc the marriage of Wtllian'fftbts Arakin efqtottre, with Henrietta Mtlyneux his now wife, and to enable bios to many again, and for other purposes therein mentioned;

53. An as jlpr dividing and mckfog the commons and waste

grounds within the manqr or township of Bromley, in the parish of l&4s jutd county of York r

54. An act for dividing and iodofing the common and open

fiembs, meadows, pastures, and common or moor, within the liberties of Mar Ron upon Dove, H, Hoots, and Hoots Hay in

the parish 'tif marjlon upon Dove, in the county of Derby.

55. An act fordividing and enclosing several open fields and fliirted pastures within the township of Tborpt, in the parish of

btrrtatftl, rs\ the west riding of the county of York.

56. - An act for dividing and. enclosing the open and common fields, and otbbr commonable lands and grounds, within the hamlet and liberties of Sibford Fe, in the parish ui Swalclisse, in the cdiirity of g&j$ri.

57. Arid act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, forefti 'dotnmons, and waste lands, within the parish of Arnold, in the county of l^ettingbam.

58. Art at for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, all the open field, meadows, commons, and waste lands, in the lordship or itbert/er of ofma/lon next Derby, in the county of Derby, except only a certain meadow there, called Toe Moor Meadow, and a certain coorraonable place, called Sin sin Moor,

yp An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, dinted porme, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Cold ffjrvky, in the north riding of the county of York.

6a Art' for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several men coititndn fields, meadows, common pastures, and other -'common

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

commonable lands and grounds within the manor and parhh of Denton, in the county of Lincoln.

61. An act for dividing and enclosing the open or common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, within the manor or lord ship of Hemmington, in the parish of Lockington, and county of Leicester.

62. An act for naturalising John Henry Foci, called Baron dt Robed,

63. An act for naturalising Peter Lecornu.

64. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several parcels of common fen, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within or belonging to the parish of ivyberton> in the parts of Holland, in the county of"lincoln.

65. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open and common fields, a common pasture, and several waste grounds, within the parish of Harflon, in the county of Leicester.

66. An act for naturalising Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin.

67. An act for vesting the manor of ajbted otherwise Great ajbttdy and several tnefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Surrey, therein mentioned, in trustees, to be sold and conveyed purfuaot to ao agreement for that purpose, and for investing part of the money to arise by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the several uses therein mentioned or referred unto, and for other purposes therein expressed.

68. An act for naturalising Henry de Bons, Francis Blanthenay, and James Chauvct.

The End. of the TABLE.

THE

STATUTES at Large, C

Anno regni GEORGII III Regis, Magna Britannia, Franci, &,

vicesimo septimo.

AT fie parliament begun and held at Westminster, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, (3c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the twenty-third day of January, 1787; being the fourth session of the fxtecntbparliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

in as ts render more effectual the laws now in being unlawful lotteries.

WHEREAS the good and wholesome from time to time Preamble.

made and provided for the fupprejjion of unlawful lotteries, end tgdin/}adventstring in lotteries established by of parliament,

in Great Britain or Ireland, by unlawful sales of chances of tickets, end ij injuring for or against the drawing offucb tickets, have not been fnnd effectual for the purposes intended thereby: and whereas, in end by an at of parliament made and passed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the intituled, An $geo.t. cad for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, to raise money by way of a lottery, for the service of the year oae thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and for transfer raw the deficiencies of a late malt act to the land tax for the You XXXVI B r laid

La oog IL

2

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C i. [1787.

said year; and for giving time for inserting the money given with apprentices in their indentures; and touching lost bills, tickets, or orders; and for exchanging the tickets in the exchequer for certificates 5 and for suppressing lotteries denominated Tales, and other private lotteries; and for enlarging the time for the accountant general of the bank of England to return du, of annuities into the exchequer; it is, amongst other things, enacted. That all and every person or persons who, after the twenty first day December, in the year of our Lord one thoufartd seven hundred and twenty-one, Shall make, print, advertize, or pub lib, or cauft to be made, printed, advertized, or published, propofols or schemes for advancing small sums of money, by fevered per fens, amounting in the whole to large sums, to be divided among them by the chances of the prizes in some public lottery or lotteries established or allowed by a fl of parliament; or ball deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out, tickets to the persons advancing such sums, to entitle them to a fbare of the money so advanced, according to such propofols or febemes 5 or Shall make, print, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or publi/hed, any proposal or scheme of the like kind or nature, if/iirr any denomination, iw/wr, title whatever, yfo// thereof

convifled, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, y /«* justices of the peace of the county, division,

liberty, where such offence Shall be committed, the offender hall

9 be found, Shall, for such offence, over and above any former penalties infiifled by any former astor acts of parliament, mofe against any private or unlawful lotteries, am/"yfo* hundred pounds :

and whereas, in and by two other acts of parliament, the one thereof wade and passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty m Oeo. a. King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual C preventing of excessive and deceitful gaming; and the other thereof

made and passed in the twenty ft con d year of the reign of his present and Geo. 3. Majesty, entitled, An acts for licensing lottery office keepers, and C 47 recited; regulating the sale of lottery tickets; many good and wholesome provisions are enacted, which require to be maintained and carried more effectually into execution: and whereas great difficulties have arisen upon the methods of conviflion of offenders against the said recited acts, before jffiices of the peace, and many evafrns of the said recited acts are daily put in praslice: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's raoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the and the pow same, That all and every the said recited acts, and every article Civcn tftcon an ^ing in them contained, touching and concerning lotte timic force, rics* and not ty this act altered or repealed, or other provision except such'made in lieu thereof, shall be duly put in execution, according as are hereby to the tenor of the said recited acts, and under the penalties altered, therein contained, to be raised, levied, and disposed of, as in and by this act is directed.

II And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefiud, fing€of thi»ar* round after lhc day on wbi«h this act shall receive his

^

tysy] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C i. g

majesty's royal assent, no pecuniary penalty or penalties, which at, penalties shall be incurred by any person or persons offending against such incurred unpans of the said acts, or any of them, as touch and concern lotteries, shall be recovered or recoverable before any justice or^fuedhor^by justices of the peace, but shall and may be sued for by any per any persons 7 son or persons whomsoever, at any time within six calendar whomsoever months next after such offence shall be committed, and reco rered by action of debt, bill, plaint, fuir, or information, in monl B any of his majesty's courts of record at Wefminfltr \ in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and one moiety of the said respective Application penalties, when recovered, shall, in every such case, go and be f penalties, applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and, the other moiety, with 'full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same respectively; and upon ever)' such action, bill, plaint, suit, or information, a ca pits, or other writ, shall and may issue; .the first procefe specifying therein the amount of the penalty or penalties sued for, whereof an affidavit shall be first duly made and filed; and the Ineveryaction defendant or defendants shall, in such case, be obliged to give fufficlent ball or security, by natural born subjects, persons na tasrivc^iuo turahzed, or denizens, to the person or persons to whom such answer it. cuplasj or other writ, shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which such process shall be issued, at the day of the return of such process, to answer such suit or prosecution; shall Meewife, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, to answer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for such offence or offences, together with the costs of suit, in case he,

(he, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prison: always, That the bail b*»l not to herein before required to be given shall, in no case, exceed the exceed 5001. sum of five hundred pounds.

III And whereas, in and by an act made and passed in the seven' '

year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,

entitled An act to amend and make more effectual the laws re i7peo.i, c.j#

bring to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and difordcrly per rccitc<1*

fens, and to houses of correction; it is enabled, That all persons

trying or betting at any unlawful games or plays hall be deemed

rogues and vagabonds within the true intent and meaning of that act :

cni whereas all lotteries not efabh/hed by act of parliament, in Great

Britain or Ireland, are declared to be common and public nuisances:

cri whereas all adventuring with lottery ticket, in such lotteries as

cn efablifbed by act of parliament, other than by the actual sale of

tickets, and cf such hares thereof as are permitted by law to be sold,

is wholly prohibited by the feiid act of the twenty second year of the

reign of his present Majesty: and whereas it would tend greatly to

fvpprefs such abuses in the lottery now efabli/hed, and in all future

lotteries that may hereafter be efabli/hed by law, if the per/on and

persons guilty of any of the offences againf this act, or such parts of

tie herein before mentioned act: , or any of them, as touch and concern

B 2 lotteries)

and extended to persons who Hi all deal in tickets without taking out a licence pursuant to X Geo. 3. or sell chances, See.

Justices to commit of fendrrs to the house of correction till the next quarter ldliona.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C 1. [ 1787

lotteries, might be punishable under the said 08 faffed in the even teenth year of the reign of his said fote Majesty, except in cases of in fur antes on tickets by persons a flu ally pffffed thereof under the re jtriflions herein after mentioned; be it therefore farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the day on which this act shall receive his majesty's royal assent, all and every person and persons who shall publicity or privately open, setup, continue, or keep, by himself or herself, or by .any other person or persons, any office, or other place for buying, selling, or otherwise dealing in any tickets, or any shares oj tickets. In any lottery now established, or hereafter to be established, by any British or Irish act of parliament, or for regi^ fiering the numbers of such tickets, without the authority of a licence duly obtained for that purpose from the commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for the time being, in the manner in and by the said ic | cited act of the twenty second year of the reign of his prelentj Majesty directed; and all and every person and persons (except as herein after is provided), who shall, by himself, herfelfj or themselves, or by any other person or persons, or for his, her, or their own account, or for or on the account, or as the servant, agent, or factor, of any other person or persons, sell or cause or procure to be sold, the chance or chances of any such ticket or tickets, or any share or shares thereof, for a day, or part of a day, or any less time than the whole time of drawing in any such lottery then to come \ or insure, or cause or procure any other person or persons to insure, for or against the drawing of aqy such ticket or tickets or shall receive any money or goods whatsoever, in confutation of any agreement or promise to repay any sum or sums of money, or to deliver the same, or any plate, jewels, or other goods whatsoever, if any such ticket or tickets shall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or upon any other chance or chances, event or events, contingency or contingencies, relative or applicable to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, whether as to the time of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever, shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds, within the true intent and meaning of the faio recited act of the seventeenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, and shall be punishable as such rogues and vagabonds accordingly and all persons who shall be found offending against this act, in the manner abovementioned, shall and may be apprehended and conveyed before some justice or justices of the peace, as in and by the said recited act, in relation to the rogues and vagabonds therein described, is directed; the justice or justices before whom such offender shall be brought, such offender not having been sued or prosecuted for the same offence, without covin or collusion, in some of his majesty's courts of record, by such action of debt, bilj, plaint, suit, or information, as aforesaid, shall and may, upon full and sufficient proof of the offence, in the manner in and by the said recited act directed, order such offender to be lent to the house of correction, there to remain

until

5

1787.i Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 1.

until the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, tiding, division, or place, where the said offence was committed and the justices, at such sessions, shall enter upon the examination of the case, and proceed therein according to the directions of the said recited act of the seventeenth year of his laid late Majesty 5 and all justices of the peace, mayors, bailiffs, constables, headboroughs, and other his majesty's civil officers, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby tmpow ered and strictly required to use their utmost endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the offences aforesaid, by all law fill ways and means; and shall be, and are hereby indemnified for anything done in execution of this act.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all other the powers, authorities, rules, directions, punish The powers of meats, and provisions, prescribed and inflicted in and by the rccft*d act of laid recited act of the seventeenth year of his said late Majesty, tended to this for the apprehending, securing, and punishing persons as rogues ad. and vagabonds within the true intent and meaning of the said act, not hereby altered, shall be applied and carried into execution in relation to the persons hereby declared to be rogues and vagabonds, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, rules, directions, puniftunents, and provisions, and every of them, had several ly and respectively been re enacted in this act.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the day on which this act From the pair ftttli receive his majesty's royal assent, it shall and may be law th, a fol for any person, actually possessed of any whole undrawn or ticket, in any lottery now establithed, or hereafter to be efta whole ticket bliflied by law in Great Britain, to make or cause to be made may insure it, anyinsuranceon his or her ticket, for the indemnifying himself by a writtea or herself against any loss which he or she may sustain by ad f^ttown venturing in the said lottery for or by reason of such ticket, so Taiue. as every con trad or agreement for Uich insurance be reduced into writing, (without being subject to any of the duties under the management of the commissioners of stamps), before the rhyme of such ticket being drawn in the said lottery; and so as the name of the pofieffor of such ticket at the time of such insurance, the number thereof, the lottery to which such ticket shall belong, and the amount of the premiums received thereon, be respectively infested and expressed in such agreement, and so as every such insurance be made upon a whole ticket or whole tickets only, on condition to pay the full amount or value thereof, and not otherwise; anything contained in this act, or in the hid act of the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for Itcenftng lottery office keeperand regulating the salt of littery tickets, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

VI Provided always, That no such insurance shall be for a When an in kfc time than shall then remain of the drawing of the said lot France is tery; and that every such ticket foinfured shall be deposited, by the the person so injuring the same, in an office establithed, or to whole time

, b3 be remaining

Goc e

the drawing; and the ticket mull be depo (ited with the receiver-general of the stamp duties, of some person appointed by him to receive it. Tickets and insurance assignable.

Persons not duly licensed making inltir ances, liable to the penalties of keeping unlicensed lottery offices.

Offenders not to be liable to prosecutions for pecuniary penalties, and «lfo as vagabonds:

Nor before a

justice for offences re ipefting lotteries already establilhcd, unless information has been made before Feb. 5, 1787.

Hi majesty's share or penalties to be

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C i.

be established, by the commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for the time being, for the deposit of tickets intended to be sold in shares, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, An act for licensing lottery office keepers, and regulating the sale of lottery tickets; and shall be there left with the receiver-general of his Majesty's stamp duties, or some person or persons to be appointed by him to receive the same and who is and are hereby authorised and required to receive the same: provided also, That every such ticket so deposited may be assignable, together with such insurance.

VII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, not being duly licensed under the said act of the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, shall, from and after the day on which this act shall receive his majesty's royal assent, grant, signor underwrite any agreement for any such insurance as aforesaid; or shall take or receive any premium, or confident tion in "the nature of a premium, for such insurance, every such person or persons, not duly licensed as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are inflicted on persons keeping lottery offices without the authorijy of such licence by the said act of the twenty second year of his present majesty's reign, or by this act, to be levied and recovered, inflicted, applied, and carried into execution, as in and by this act is directed, and according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ho person shall be liable to be prosecuted for any offence against this act, or such parts of the herein before mentioned acts, or any of them, as touch and concern lotteries, by both the ways by this act prescribed; nor shall any person against whom any action, suit, or information, for the recovery of a pecuniary penalty, hath been commenced and carried on with efsect, be liable to impriforiment as a rogue and vagabond under this act for the same offence; and that where any person shall be convicted and sentenced to imprisonment as a rogue and vagabond under this act, such person shall not be liable afterwards to be prosecuted for any pecuniary penalty for the (ante offence.

IX Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons shall be subject or liable to any prosecution before any justice or justices of the peace, for any offence against the herein befbre mentioned acts, touching and concerning any lottery now established or heretofore established in this kingdom, unless information thereof shall have been made on or before the fifth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

X And be it further enacted, That all such penalties and forfeitures, and.ftiares.of penalties and forfeitures, and Turns of money, which shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

y

vjo7.] Annoricesimo septimo georgii III C 2. 7

tefibrs, and which shall be received by any officer or officers in paid to the the execution of this act, shall be paid into the hands of the re jfterver general of the (lamp office for the time being, who shall stamp^fficc* keep X separate and dillindl account thereof, and thereout shall

Sthe expense the said office shall be put to in executing this; and the said receiver-general shall pay the residue into the Receipt of the exchequer at such time, and in such manner, as aether penalties and forfeitures, due and payable to his Majesty, are or shall be paid or payable.

XI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be Cued, molelied, or prosecuted, for anything by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any claufet matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence General issue. for his, her, or their defence 5 and if upon the trial a verdis lhali pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them. Treble costs. against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. II

n c3 to enable his Majesty to tftablijb a court of criminal judicature en the eaflem coajl of New South Wales, and the parts efferent.

WHEREAS by an act, made andpaffidin the twenty-fourth Preamble.

year of his present Majeslfs reign, entitled, An act for the % 4 Geo. 3. efieftual transportation of felons, and other offenders; and to C $6. authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases; and for other purposes therein mentioned; it is enacted, That, from and after the puffing of that act, when any person or persons, at any jef pens of oyer or terminer or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general session of the peace to be held for any county, riding, divi dty, town, borough, liberty, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, or at any great session to be held for the county palatine of Chester, or within the principality of Wales, Shall be lawfully convicted of grand or petit larceny, or any other offence for which such person or persons Shall be liable by the laws of this realm to be transported, it Shall and may be lauful for the court before which any such person or persons Shall be convicted as oferesaid, or any jubfequent court held at any place for the same canty, riding, division, city, town, borough, liberty, or place, re festively, with like authority, to order and adjudge that such person or persons, so convicted as aforesaid, Shall be transported beyond the Jeas, for any term of years not exceeding the number of years or term for which such person or persons is or are, or Shall be liable by any law to be transported; and in every such case, it Shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to declare and appoint what place or places, part or parts beyond the Jeas, either within his Majeslfs dominions, or elsewhere out of

B 4 his

S Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C i [1787-*

his Majesty s dominions, such felons or other offenders Shall be con — vcyed or transported and such court as aforesaid is thereby authorised and empowered to order such offenders to be transferred to the life of any person or per fens, and his or their assigns, who Shall contrail for the due performance of such transportation: and .when his Majesty, his heirs and successors, Shall be pleased to extend mercy X any offender or offenders who hath or have been, or Shall be convictti of any crime or crimes, for which be, Jhe, or they, is, are, or Shall be by law excluded from the benefit of clergy, upon condition of transportation to any place or places, pari or parts beyond the seas, either for term of life, or any number of years, and such extension of merry Shall be Jignified by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of flatty it Shall be lawful for any court, having proper authority, to allow such offender or offenders the benefit of a conditional pardon, and (except in tafes where such offenders Shall be authorised by his Majesty if transport himself, herself, or themselves), to order the transfer of such offender or offenders to any person or perfens who Shall contrail for the due performance of such transportation and his or their ajfign$9 for such and the same term of years for which any such offender or offenders Shall have been ordered to be transported, or for such term of use or years as Shall be specified' in such condition of transportation? whereas his Majesty, by two several orders in council, bearing date refpellively on the sixth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, hath judged fit, by and with the advice of his privy council, to declare and appoint the place to which certain offenders, named in two lists to the said several orders in council annexed Should be transported, for the time or terms in their several fenienus mentioned, to be the eajlern coojl of New South Wales, or fomt one or other of the islands adjacent: and whereas sir James Eyre knight and Jir Beaumont Hotham knight, two of the barons of his Majesty s court of exchequer of the degree of the coiffe, according to tha authority to them given by the said statute, did, on the thirtieth day December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, order that the said several offenders, in the said two several lists to the said feve ral orders in council annexed, Should be transperted to the place, and for the time and terms aforesaid: and whereas it may be found necessary that a colony and a civil government Should be eflablijhed in the place to which such convills Shall be transported, under and by virtue of the said all of parliament, the said two several orders of council and other the said above recited orders, and that a court of criminal jurisdillion Should also be efiabtijhed within such place as aforesaid with authority to proceed in a more summary way than is used within this realm, according to the known and efiablifijed laws thereof: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and His Majesty by the authority of the same. That his Majesty may, by his the*senior6 common under the great seal, authorise the person to be ap ohienlcnant p0>nte^ governor, or the lieutenant governor in the absence of governor of the governor, of such place, as aforesaid, to convene from time flew South to time, as occasion may require, a court of judicature for the

trial

V

1787.i Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 3. 9

trial and punhhment of all such outrages and misbehaviodrs as, Wales tocon if committed within this realm, would be deemed and taken, according to the law of this realm, to be treason or misprision forjthetrial thereof, felony, or misdemeanour; which court shall consist of of offenders, the judge advocate to be appointed in and for such place, toge Who are to be there with six officers of his majesty's forces by sea or land: members of which court shall proceed to try such offenders, by calling such the court, and offenders respectively before that court, and causing the charge to proceed against him, her, or them respectively to be read over $ which trying offea charge shall always be reduced into writing, and (lull be exhi ders. bited to the said court by the judge advocate; and by examining witnedes upon oath, to be administered by such court, as well for as against such offenders respectively, and afterwards adjudging, by the opinion of the major part of the persons competing such court, that the party accused is or is not (as the case shall appear to them) guilty of the charge, and by pronouncing judgement therein (as upon a conviction by verdieft) of death, if the offence be capital, or of such corporal punishment, not extending to capital punishment, as to the said court shall seem meet; and in cases not capital, by pronouncing judgement of such corporal puniftunent, not extending to life or limb, as to the said court shall seem meet.

II And be it further exuded, That the provost marshal, or Jtovoft other officer tpbe for that purpose appointed by such governor

or lieutenant governor, shall cause due execution of such judge judgement of meat to be had and made under and according to the warrant the court, of such governor, or lieutenant governor in the absence of the If five mem governor, under his hand and seal, and not otherwise: pro bcr8 do.not. Tided always. That execution shall not be had or done on any s^ovcj^ capital convidt or coovidts, unless five persons present in such tal offenders court shall concur in adjudging him, her, of them fd accused guilty, the and tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the pro f*csuti<t2 ceedings shall bave been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him £epriced approved. bes t trans

III And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. That routed to his the said court shall be a court of record, and (nail have all such Majestyand powers as by the laws of England are incident and belonging to appr0ted

coo, of reed.

CAP. III

Am ab for the regulation of hit majesty's marine forces while, on

Short- -- -- -- as 28 Geo. 2. 11. and the several acts

since, except the following sessions.

XX AND whereas it may be for the benefit of the service far

il. the commanding officer to have a power to exchange the billets or quarters of marines quartered in the same town or place; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the com Commanding manding officer of marines, in any rown or place where such ^hane^ma marine forces are quartered, shall, and hers hereby declared to 'ines in their hive power, from time to time, to exchange any marine or quarters,

marines

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 3. [1787.

marines quartered in futh town or place for any other marine or marines quartered in the same town or place, provided the number of men do not exceed the number at that time billetted on such houses respectively, where such men shall be exchang and the coned; and the constables, tithingmen, headboroughs, and other stables to bit chicf officers and magistrates of the cities, towns, and villages, accordingly. or 0, er paces where any of the said marine forces shall be 8 7' quartered, are hereby required to billet such men so exchanged accordingly.

Marines' XXXI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

w».&c*not if any officer, military or civil, by this act authorised to quarter tered without kmiera nan' houses hereby appointed for that purpose, shah, content. at any time during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants, of any officer or marine, in any such houses, against the consent of the owners j Penalty. the party offending, if an officer of the marines, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the comtniffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, or judge advocate, be fa£io caihiered; and if a constable, tithingman, or other civil > officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty Shillings,

upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace; to be levied, by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducing reasonable charges in taking the same.

XXXII And, for tbt better of m or such place where any officen or ball at any tine be',

pw«uy on be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if, from and after officers and said twenty-fifth day of, one thousand seven hundred ftroyfne the atm* eighty seven, any officer or soldier shall, without leave of 6 the lord of the manor, under his hand and seal, first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy, any hare, coney, pheafanr, partridge, pigeon, or any other sort of fowls, poultry, or fish, or his majesty's game, within the kingdom of Great,

and upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same (that is to say),

Every officer so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed among the poor of the place where such offence Stall be committed; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any marine under his command, (nail forfeit the sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid: and if, upon conviction made by the justices of the peace, and detnand thereof also made by the constable or orer seers of the poor, such officers shall tefufe or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties, such officer (b sefufing or neglecting shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited, his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

A pro

fjrf?.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 3.

A provilb in former acti in regard to Ireland left out.

XXXV U. Andin order to prevent ail doubts tubitb may arise in relation to punishing offences committed against former acts of par lament made for the regulation of the marine forces while on bore, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and offences which have Iseen committed against any of the former acts in that behalf, shall and may, during the continuance of this present act, be inquired of, heard, tried determined, adjudged, and punuhed, before and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this present act maybe inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished.

XXXVIII Provided always. That no person shall be liable to be tried or puntshed for any offence committed against any of the said former acts, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commis son or warrant for such trial; except only for the offence of desertion

for trial; except in cases of desertion

XLI And be it further enabled. That, from the passing of this act, no marine, being arrested or confined for debt, in any prison gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement, until the day of his return to the regiment or company to which he shall belong.

XLJI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any high constable, eonstable, bedel, or other officer or per (bn whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any marine officers or private men, shall negkd or re&fe, for the space of two hours, to quarter or billet such officers or marines, when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of fetch foroes; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for, any fom or f*ms of money, or any reward whatsoever, for or on account of cxcesing, or in order to excuse, any person or persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses, any such officer or marine or in case any victualler, or any other person liable by this act to have any oncer or marine bilktted or quartered on him or her, shall re fosse to receive or vidual any such officer or marine so quartered ar billetted upon him or her, as aforesaid; or shall refuse to fnraifh or allow, according to the directions of this act, the several things herein before respectively directed to be furnished ar allowed to non commissioti officers or marines so quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforesaid, at the rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted, before any one or more jufttce or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness

or

II

Offences a gain(t former acts may he inquired of and punished at under this act.

Provided no person be liable to be tried for offences committed three years before issuing the warrant only. Marines, while confined for debt, not to receive pay.

Penalty o constables^cc. negkfting to quarter marines;

or taking money to excuse any person from quartering;

and on victuallers refusing to receive marines.

II Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 4, 5. [ 1 y 8

or witnestes, (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), every such high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer or person so offending, Chall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, or any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty Shillings, (as the said justice or justices, before whom, the matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their discretion, think fit) \ to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and leal or hands and seals of such justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; and the said sum of five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of such parish.

XLIII An for the better preventing abuses in quartering or bilutting the marines in pursuance of this afi9 be it further enacted ^rnfestn Dt y authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quartering, anc or any onc or more justice or justices of the peace, within justices may their, respective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order order confta under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, at any blea to give time & tinjes during the continuance of this act to require and the^urnber command any high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer of officers and who shall quarter or billet any marines in pursuance of this private men, to give an account, in writing, unto the said justice or justices andrthc^c requiring the same, of the number of officers and private men quartered. Q shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the names

of the housekeepers or persons upon whom every such officer or private man shall be quartered or billetted, together with an account of the street or place where every such housekeeper dwells, and of the signs (if any) belonging to their houses; to the end it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and private men are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

CAP. IV

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven— — 1 Geo. 3. C continued till June4> 1788, raised on exchequer bills, at 4i. ios. percent.

CAP. V

An an for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven— — in the pound.

To be raised in Great Britain 2, 037, 627/. 9s. od. if. — In England and Wales 1)989, 673/. ns. 10d. 1 a. and in Scotland 47*95+/. if aut

bxxll. ANQ

Dogle

j; s7] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 5. 13

LXXII. AND be it further enacted, That the commission* commission jlv ers, clerks, and other officers, from time to time appointed and employed to manage the duties charged on lamp office^o be ed vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be assessed upon this assessed in act for their salaries, and other profits of their places, in Skire Shire Lane Lam ward, within the division of Saint Clemnt Danes and Saint ward

Mary le Strand? in the liberty of Westminster, where the salaries and other profits of the said commissioners, clerks, and other officers, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty sire, were assessed, and not elsewhere; so as the full proportion which was assessed on the said division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the liberty of Westminster, in the j&id year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, be again afiefied thereon by virtue of this act, and so as any other division, district, parish, or place, to which the said office are or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion, in respect of the said salaries and profits, than it was in the said year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: provided always. That out of the sum to be assessed on the said A certain commifibners, clerks, and other officers, of the said duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, there shall men^tobe be paid to the collectors of the land tax for the division, diltridt, paid to the parish, or place, to which the said office are or may be removed, colleftore for one fourth part thereof, and also the whole of the land tax for thu d«l*^r2 all additional commissioners, clerks, and other additional offi* mnw be cers of the said duties, which shall or may have been created removed, since the twenty-fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or which shall or may be hereafter created; to be applied in aid of the assessment to be laid upon the said division, district, parish, or place, by virtue of this act.

LXXJIL And be it further enacted, That the commissioners, commission clerks, and other officers, from time to time appointed and of

employed in the office for victualling his majesty's navy, shall i$ng office to be aflefied upon this at for their salaries, and other profits of be assessed ip their places, in, to, or for the manor of East Smithfield, in the the manor of parish of Saint Botolph without jqdgate, within the Tower divi eaa smith lion, in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; so as the fic full proportion which was aflefied on the said manor and parish be again a fife fled thereon by virtue of this act, and so as any ocher division, district, parish, or place, to which the said office are or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion in respect of the said salaries and profits, or any part thereof, than it was on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five: provided always. That out A certain of the sums to be assessed on the said commissioners, clerks, and other officers, there shall be paid to the collectors of the land [the tax for the division, district, parish, or place, to which the said paid to the office are or may be removed, one fourth part of the sum or collectors for sums which may be assessed on all such commissioners, clerks,

a andw

commission ers of the navy office, C to be assessed in the ward of Broad Street and Tower.

14 Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 5. [1787.

office may be and other officers of the said office, as have been created or ap removed. pointed between the fifteenth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-two, and the twenty-fifth day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and also the whole of the land tax for all additional commissioners, clerks and other additional officers of the said office, which shall or may have been created or appointed since the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or which shall or may be hereafter created or appointed; to be applied in aid of the assessment to be laid upon the said division, distria, parish or place, by virtue of this act.

LXXIV And be it further enacted, That the commissioners, clerks, and other officers, from time to time appointed and employed to transaa and manage the affairs and business of the navy pay office, and navy office, refpeaively, shall be afteffed upon this act for their salaries, and other profits of their places, in the wards of Broad Street and Tower refpeaively, and not elsewhere; so as the full proportion which was affelfed on the said wards of Broad Street and Tower refpeaively, be continued to be assessed thereon by virtue of this act, and so as any other division, distria, parish, or place, to which the said offices, or either of them, are or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion in rcfpea of the said salaries and profits, or any part thereof, than it was on the twenty-fifth day of decern ber in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Accrtainpor eighty-five; provided always, That out of the sums to be afieffect, i2nj)f chon the said commissioners, clerks, and other officers, employed te he to tran^a<^ an manage the affairs and business of the navy pay

coneaors for office, and navy office aforesaid, refpeaively, there shall be paid the diftria to to the colleaors of the land tax for the division, distria, parish, which such or place, to which the said offices, or either of them, are or orffiramaybe may be removed, one fourth part of the sum or sums which e TC # may be assessed on all such commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the said offices refpeaively, as have been created or appointed between the fifteenth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-two, and the*twenty-fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; and also the whole of the land tax for all additional commissioners, clerks, and other additional officers of the said offices refpeaively, which shall or may have been created or appointed since the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, or which shall or may be hereafter created or appointedto be applied in aid of the assessment to be laid upon the said division, distria, parish, or place, by virtue of this act.

XCIX And whereas doubts have arisen as to the qualification by law required of the master of his Majesty's boufehold9 the first clerk of the householdy the clerk of the kitchen, and several officers who, in virtue f their offices, have heretofore after, or may hereafter aft, as commissioners for putting into execution so much of several acts of par..

i^

i7*7 L Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 6, 7. 15

lianeut, for granting an aid tt his Majesty by a land, as relates Si tit assessment an tbt palaces of Whitehall and Saint James, be

it enacted, That no other qualification, shall be required of any Qualification such officers, who shall act as coromissioners by virtue of their [^ "master of offices or [daces, than the possession of such respective offices or honfe* places j an dthat no such officer shall be subject or liable to any hold, flee, penalty inflicted by any such acts, . for having heretofore acted without being possessed of any other qualifications, which might hare been required by any such acts respectively, than such office or place.

Hermajesty the Queen not chargeable; nor hit royal highneft the prince of Wales, nor the dukes of Gloucester or Cumberland.

CAP. VI

An act for pun idling mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 17, 6)8, including 1, 030 invalids.

CAP. VII

As act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of hia majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the prorifions thereof more effectual. -

sj Geo. j. C y,. 14 Geo. 3. C 43. Recited acts and this act continued notil April g, sj8s, and ao longer.

II And whereas it is expedient that or lumber (being

tie growth or production of the territories belonging tt the United Stats of America) Should not be imported into the under the itmsurn of his Alajtfty in the West Indies, from any foreign island in tbt West Indies, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of this act, no j floor, flour, bread, rice, wheat, or grain of any sort, and no staves, bread, or

, beacting, (hiogles, or lumber of any sort, shall be imported or lumber, to be brought into any island under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, (in which description the Bahama and reien West

th e Bermuda or Somers Islands, are included, from any island in India island

the West Indies under the dominion of any foreign European so "7 Br** rereign or (late; any law, custom, or usage to the contrarytlul one notwithstanding.

III Provided always, That it shall be lawful, in cases of In cases of

public emergency or'diftreis, for any of the governors or com emergency,

minders in chies, for the time being, of any of the said islands "j nr

under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in He. of the

the West Indies, with the advice and consent of their respective West-india

councils, to authorise the importation of flour, bread, rice, islands, with

wheat, or grain, of any sort, staves, heacting, (hingles, or lum thflrf°?h^"*1'

her of any (brt, for a limited time, from any island in the West the im

Indies under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or portation of

date; and the said articles so authorised Audi, in every such flour, &c. from

wfcj other islands.

16 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 8, 9. [*787,

case, be allowed to be so imported during such limited time, and no longer.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If goods of That if aqy goods or commodities whatever of the growth or thcg owthof produ(5tion of the territories belonging to the said United States state8o?a America, shall be imported into any of the said islands under mericabeim the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, other than such ported into as by any law now in force, or which mall hereafter be in force, the West-india or by virtue of this present actor by order of his Majesty in trary to tew, counc, snow arc or hall hereafter be permitted to be imported they are for into the said islands; or if any such goods or commodities as feited, with aforesaid shall be imported into the said islands, in any other the vessels, manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present actor by order of his Majesty in council, the lame shall be forfeited, together with the ship or vessel in which such goods or commodities shall be imported or brought, and all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, belonging thereto.

Forfeitures to V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That*cjecorc^ every forfeiture incurred by this act shall and may be sued for, ^ofepre(bca pr°fecut^, and recovered, by such and the like ways, means, ing the cuf and methods, and the produce thereof disposed of, paid, and toms. applied, in such and the like manner, and to such and the like

uses and purposes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respecting the revenue of customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the said islands respectively where the offence shall be committed; and that the produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied, in like manner in the said islands respectively; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding' '

VIII

An nt for defraying the chaise of the pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty*fifth day of March, one thousand feverf hundred and eighty seven; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit description* of their qualifi catious to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose till July X 1787.

CAP. IX

An act for granting rates of pojiage for the conveyance of letters and packet sy between Great Britain and the port of Waterford, in the kingdom of Ireland, by way Milford Haven.

Preamble. \\? H E R E A S it hath been found mceffarjy for the convenience V and improvement of trade and commerce, and for the more speedy conveyance of Utters and packets between Great Britain and Ireland, to establijb packet beats between the port of Milford Haven in the county of Pembroke, and the port Waterford in the king

by. X'e

ta Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C ioi 17

Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the lords Jpiruual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afietnbkd, and by the authority of the same. That, from From April yt and after the fifth day of Aprils one thoufrrtd seven hundred p^stage and eighty seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his forth/con majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies, Ycyance of by him thereunto fumciently authorised, to and for the use letters and or his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, re p?f*ct* £?* ceire, and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every yc'n t^watcr^ the letters and packets that shall be carried or conveyed, by ford packet boats, to or from the port of Milford Haven aforesaid, or to or from any other convenient port in the kingdom of Great Britain, from or to the port of Waterford aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient port in the said kingdom of Ireland, (over and above all other rates payable for the portage 2nd conveyance of such letters and packets), according to the rates and Turns hereafter mentioned, (the same being rated cither by the letter, or by the ounce), that is to say,

For every ingle letter, (ixpence < Rates of pofct

For every double letter, one shillingi€*

For every treble letter, one shilling and fixperlcej And for every ounce, two Shillings:

And foin proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, and other things.

II Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no letter or packet, sent by the pod front Postage <rf or to London to or from the port of Waterford aforesaid, by letters from way of Milford Haven, shall be charged with an higher rate of postage thao letters and packets sent from or to London, to or by waves^Dublin, by the way of Holyhead, are now rated and liable Milford ha to pay. ven, not to

exceed the rates of postage between London and Dublin, by way of Holyhead.

ISLAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the moneys to arise by the rates and duties aforesaid, ex Moneys aris cept the moneys which shall be necessary to defray such expenses under this as shall be incurred in the collection and management of the proprlated^is shnic), shall be appropriated and applied to fetch and the same thepresent uses as the present rates and duties of pottage are now, or shall rates of post b.c.. rcfjpe&ively made applicable. HP w arec

CAP. X

An act to extend the provisions of an all made in the twenty sixth year of hit present Majesty's reign, entitled, An atl for the, more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the preamble, r reign of bit present Majesty, entitled, An for the more citing6 tfedual encouragement of the British fisheries, it is enacted

That,

kf 8 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C i q. £ i 78 7.

2^#, northwest after the first day of June one thousand fevep hundred, and eighty seven far the pace and term of [even yean tjyen next tnfuing* and from thence to the end of the then next session of partial mint) a bounty of twenty fallings per tonne Shall be fmd annually in the manner therein after preferred, to the owner or owners of every decked vessel of not left than fifteen tonnes burden manned and navigated according to law 5 which fall be fitted out for and employed in the British white herring fifary* in the manner and under the regulations therein after dinefled and provided: and whereas by. poet of a dattfe in the foid assit is also enabled That every buss or vessel in order to be deemed properly fitted out for and d\fly employed in the said fi/hery, so as to entitle the owner or owners thereof to the fmd bounty of twenty failings per tonne thereby granted according to the true intent and meaning of the said act Should be a deeked, buss or vessel built in Great Britain, after the first day of January V** thousand seven hundred and eighty: and whereas it is juj) and expedient that the said bounty Should be extended and paid to the owners of That part of all buffs and vessels whatever built in Great Britain, and employed the clause of in the said fishery, futyeft to the directions and provisions of the said whichre^dta a: may LI t^ere^orc please your Majesty that it may be enact the bounty of C 5 an be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty by sios per tonne and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem to decked poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and the authority of the same, That, frqm and after the passing the passing of Present ad, that part of the said clause above recited,

this act, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and the said H. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the bounty ex bounty granted by the said act, passed in the twenty sixth year f his present Majesty's reign, to the owner or owners of bufles ever buhttn or veffe^s» built after the first day of January, one thousand great britain, seven hundred and eighty, shall be extended and paid, and the and employed same is hereby extended and directed to be paid to the owner mi the said or owners of all bufles and vessels whatever, built in Great bri abjem*the* tan' aru* cibpk>yed n be said firtiery, subject to the directions said act. and provisions of the said act, which is hereby declared to be in full force, in all the provisions, directions, and clauses thereof, except in so far as the same are hereby altered.

III And whereas by an act made and passed in the twenty sixth a6 Geo. 3. year of his present Majesty's reign entitled An act for the more C 81. recited, effectual encouragement of the british fisheries, it is amcngjl other things enacted, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven for the [pace and term of seven years then next ensuing and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament a bounty of twenty fallings per tonne fall be paid annually in. the manner therein prescribed to the owner ff owners of every decked vejjel* of not less than fifteen tonnes burden manned and navigated according to laws which fall be fitted out for and employed in far British white herring fi/hery* in the manner and under the regulations therein after directed and provided; and thqt every buss or vessel in order to be deemed properly fitted out for, and. duly employed in the said fifary % so as to entitle the owner on owners

1787.] Anna wicesimo septimo Gsorqu III C io.*9

thereof to the bounty fall be a detkei buss or vessel built id

Great Britain, after the first day of Jtmuary, one tbwfand seven

homind and' eighty and fall bow on board (barrelled up in none

barrels) twelve bufbsls of salt for every last of fish which fab buss or

veffu is capable of containing and as many more new barrels as fab

hufi or vessel is capable of carrying and also two hundred and fifty

fyttare yards of netting.for each tonne of buss measurements together

with the cufhmary quantity of other materials for the equipment and

Mounting of the faii two hundred and fifty yards of netting in the

ssary business but with liberty to make use of fab nets therein as

fall he hest adapted to the fishery; and fall have on board not

less than five men for the first fifteen tonnes, and one additional man for

every five tonnes by which fah buss or vessel fall exceed fifteen tonnes %

and jo Jhred* accoutered; ftcrmfbei* and manned salt clear out of

same sort of Great Britain, at sometime between the fifft>dayof

June and the first day of october in one and the same par and fall

proceed immediately on though fifay, and fall there begin and continue

to fish in an orderly regular manner without impeding or obstrutling

any other vessel which fau be employed upon the fifhtry, for the [pace

of three months at the leaf to be computed from the day upon which

the master and crew of such buss or vessel fail first/boot or wet their

nets unlifs fab buss or vessel fall within that J'paie of time return

into port with a full cargo of fish* taken wholly by though master and

crew of such buss or vessel: and whereas it is expedient, in order to

prevent difficulties and mifundrrftan dings in regard to what is meant

by a full cargo offijb* to declart what fall beseemed and taken to be

afull cargo of fish according to the intent and meaning of the

beretn before recited act; and it is also expedient to male further

provisions far encouraging the fishery* which II a valuable nursery No

of seamen and is the means of employing a great number of indkflrlous deemed to

men who have no other way of living but by the sea; .it there have a full

fore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no buss of vessel cargo, if un,

ball be deemed or taken to have a full cargo of fish on board;

according to the intent and meaning of the said herein before four barrel

recited act, unless the quantity of herrings contained in such of herrings

cargo shall amount to, or exceed the proportion of four barrel once packed

of herrings once packed) or of three barrels of herrings twice ?£.tbrcc,

paeked, and completely cured, for every tonne of the said buse ot^forever.

vessel by achneafuremenr. tonne burden.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the first day of June one thousand feveri From June r; hundred and eighty seven, the owner or owners of every decked 1787* decked buss or vessel of not less than fifteen tonnes burden, built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, the crews ofj**8 be which shall, between the first day of January any one year, entitled to the and the thirty first day of December in the same year have taken bounties in the deep sea fishery such a quantity of herrings, as shall granted by amount, when completely cured, either as white herrings or as aft^fthey red, to the proportion of six barrels of herrings for every tonne of take in one her burden by admeasuremenr, shall, during the continuance year the proof the aida be entitled, at the end of every such year, to a

id

cured, for every tonne burden, though they may not have been fitted out with the quantity of wit required by the said

An account of the quantity of herrings delivered from vef

port of deli very, 6cc.j

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C io; [1

bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne on her said burden, and shall also be infilled to the further bounty granted by the said stft of one shilling per barrel on the quantity of fish so taken and properly cured, either' as red herrings or as white, not with (landing such vessel may not have been fitted out with the quantity of nets, salt, and barrels required by the said recited a; which bounties of twenty Shillings and one shilling shall be paid by such and the same person or persons, " and in such and tbs same manner, as the bounties of twenty Shillings and one shilling, granted by the said recited act, are by that act directed to be paid.

V And be it further enabled, That an account of the quantity of herrings delivered from on board any vessel which shall have been fitted out on the herring fishery, without being fur ni(lied with the quantity of nets, (alt, and barrels, required by fels not fitted law, and on which the bounty shall be claimed, shall be taken out agreeable at the. respective times of such delivery by the proper officer of tvbelted Porr> which account shall be verified by the oath of the taken at the matter and mate of the vessel taken before the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the port, (which oath the said collector or comptroller, or other chief officer, is hereby authorised and required to administer); and the said mailer and mate shall also swear, that all the herrings so delivered were caught by the crew of the said vessel only $ and for every last of herrings fp delivered as aforesaid, the owner of th vessel claiming the said bounty dial), within the said year, or within fourteen days after its expiration, produce to the propfr officer of the port ten barrels of herrings properly cured, either as white herrings or as red: provided always, That of the vessels fitted out from any one port in Great Britain in any one year, not more oui m one l^an tt^all ke to the said bounty of twenty Shillings

year from the Per tonne which s herein before declared to be payable to such vessels built and navigated as aforesaid, and of not less than the aforesaid burden, as shall have been taken, within the time aforesaid, the quantity of herrings aforesaid, without being furnished with the quantity of nets, salt, and barrels, required by the said recited at of the twenty sixth year of his present ma jessy; and that if more than fifty vessels of not less than the aforesaid burden, and built and navigated as aforesaid, shall have been fitted out from any port in Great Britain in any one year, without being furnished with the quantity of nets, salt, and barrels, required by the aforesaid act, and Shall have taken, within the aforesaid time, the quantity of herrings aforesaid, the said bounty shall be paid to those fifty vessels, the crews of which shall have taken, within the aforesaid time, the greatest quan*' lity of herrings.

and no more

than 50 such veffete, fitted out in one

lame port, shall be inti t ed to the bounty of 008. per tonne, which Shall be paid to the 50 vessels that Shall have taken the greatest quantity, if more than that number fbouid be ftted out.

CAP. XI

An act to explain and amend so much of on act made in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, entitled An act for making perpetual so much of an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several acts therein mentioned, as relates to the, building and repairing county gaols; and also an act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual fuppreluon of piracy; and for making more effectual the a St of the thirteenth year of the reign ot King Charles the Second, entitled, "An act for establishing arti 44 des and orders for the regulating and better government 44 of his majesty's ships of war and forces by Tea,' as fives difiretionary power to magifrates to commit vagrants, and other eriminaby offendersy and persons charged with mail offenctsy either to the common gaol or house of correction

WHEREAS doubts have arifeny whether such of the provi Preamble.

Rons contained in an act, made in the sixth year of the reign a] his late mpjejly King George the Firjly (intituledy An act for 6geo.i.e.l$.4 making petoetual so much or an act, made in the tenth year of the reign ot Queen Anney for the reviving and continuing several acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing counry gaols; and also an act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual fupprellion of piracy; and for making more effectual the act of the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for establishing articles and orders for the regulating and better government ef his Majeslfs Ships of war and forces by sea as give a diferetionary power to justices of the peace, in their respective jurisdictions, to commit vagrants, and other criminals, offenders, and persons charged with small offences, either to the common gaol or house of correction, extend to offences committed against the provisions contained in acts of parliament made since the passing of the said recited at, where such offenders are ordered to be committed to the common gaol: and whereas it may be proper to extend the provisions of the said act; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That it shall be lawful for any justice or justices of Justices map the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, to com mit either to the common gaol, or to any house of correction, f^the house within his or their respective jurisdictions as to such justice or of correction. justices shall seem most proper, such vagrants, and other criminals,

offenders, and persons charged with or convicted of small offences, as by any law now in force, or hereafter to be made, be or they is or are, or shall be authorised to commit to the l«monpo, cj CAP.

' -

Anncrviccsimo feptitfco g*orontil; C 12* [1787*

cap. xn.

n ofl to tnable his Mojefiy to grant a certain annuity to the right honourable sir John Skynner knight, late lord chief baron of dais Mojefiy's court rf exchequer, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services, and of his faithful and upright conduit in the execution of that (ffitfi.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble; thtthereas your Majesty, by your rnojl gracious tnefjbge to*V V your faithful commons, hath been pleased tojignify your desire

of conferring a mark of your royal favour on sir John Skynner knight, late lord chief baron of your Majesty s court of exchequer, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services, and of his faithful and upright conduit in the execution of that office; and that for that purpose an annuity of two thousand pounds per annum, clear fall deductions whatsoever, Jhouli be granted to the fold sir Jdhn Skynner knight, during the tertn of his life, to be paid out of your My efts civil list revenues: and whereas, by an all made in the twenty second 4*<oo. 5. year of your Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for enabling his

C 8a. f. 17. Majesty to discharge the debt contra61ed upon his civil list revenues; and for preventing the same from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil list), it is, among other things, enabled. That, from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand fiven hundred and eighty-three, no ptnsion exceeding the J'um of three hundred pounds a year shall be granted to or for the use of any one person, except as in the said all is mentioned: now, we your Majesty's mofi dutiful and loyal subjelh, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament qfsembled, duly confidtring your Majesty's mofi gracious intention, do mofi humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it ena6fod by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the His Majesty authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and impoweredto for his Majesty to give and grant to the said sir John Skynner John Skynner knight, (now l^c honourable sir John Skynner knight, one a life annuity f his majesty's most honourable privy council) an annuity or of a, oool. per yearly sum not exceeding two thousand pounds, clear of all aw* dedu6tiops whatsoever, for and during the life of the said sir

John Skynner, to be paid and payable out of any of the hereditary or temporary revenues usually applied for the expenses of the civil government, and to commence from such time as to his Majesty shall seem proper; anything in the said recited a contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Annuity to be II And be it further enacted. That the said annuity or yearly tax free. sum of thousand pounds, foto be granted to the said Gr John Skynner, shall not be charged with the payment of, or be

subject

2$

iftj] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13.'

ttjeft to any tax, rate, or aflcflihent imposed, or to be imposed, on pen&xis paid out of hit majesty's civil list revenues by authority of parliament, or otherwise hbwfbever, nor to hny sees dually paid on the payment Of such pfcrrfions, nor to any other charges whatsoever; any 1* % , cbftom, dr usage, to the contrary thereof m any wise nmwithstandirtg.

III Provided neverthfcless, nd he it further enacted, That Nottoreftrafn bo gnat which shall be made by his Majesty, under the iutho} Majestjr riryof this act, shall extend, or bt construed to extend, to re ftriin his Majesty from making any Other grant of a pension

which he may now lawfully do under the provisions of the said mated ad.

An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue i for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominion! of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the pay merit of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt.

WHEREAS the present inode of charging and computing the Preamble Several duties of customs and exetfe, and other duties under tie management of the commisshners of excise in England and Scotland rtspectively, is in many infiances intricate and compheated, and productive of much mbarraffment to the persons who are to pay the y same, as well as of great perplexity in the accounts of the public revenue: and whereas it is necessary, for simplifying the collection of the duties to be granted by this act, that new provisions Should be made for the payment of the several charges to which different branches of the said duties are appropriated; and it will tend at all times to firengtbeu the public credit, that one general fund Should be efia b&jbed, comprehending all the different branches of the revenue, and liable to all charges which are now payable out of the same; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the tenth From May id, day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, all 1787, the pre and singular the subsidies, customs, impositions, or duties what customs^and ever (respecting the revenue of customs) payable to his Majesty, present draw his heirs and successors, by virtue of any act or acts of parlia backs, to mem now in force, upon the importation of any goods, wares, cease, or merchandise, into Great Britain; or upon the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandise, from Great Britain; or upon any goods, wares, or merchandise, being brought or car tied coastwise, or from port to port within the said kingdom and the several and tefpedivc drawbacks allowed upon the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandise, from Great

CAP. XIII

*4 _ Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [1787j

Britain; or on any other account whatever, respecting the duties of customs; and also the additional imports or duties charged upon the produ& and amount of the said several duties of customs, shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying aqy arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven huit the duties of dred and eighty seven: provided always. That nothing in this package, ca contained mail extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal cityof6lon COR anyw^e ater t, ie duties of package, fcavage, balliage, or don, or any portage, or any other duties, payable to the mayor and corn other corpo monalty and citizens of the city of London, or to the lord mayor ration, not to of the said city for the time being, or to any other city or town this act.^corporat$ within the kingdom of Great Britain \ or to repeal or anywise alter the prifage of wines, the duty called butlerage, or the duty of twelvepence upon every chaldron of sea coal exported from Newcastle upon Tyne, to any other port or ports of this / realm, or to any special privilege or exemption, to which any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, is or arc now entitled by law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

II And whereas it is neeejfary that other duties of cujioms Jbouli be' granted to your Majesty as aforesaid we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to your Majesty the several duties herein after mentioned; and do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be From May to, it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the M dy f one thousand seven hundred and eighty

irtthe fche e even lieu anc instead thereof, there shall be faifed, levied, dules hereto collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucccfiors, annexed to in ready money (except as herein after is provided), without th 1 draw.an<^ count whatever, upon the importation of any goods, back/therein vvares> or merchandise into the kingdom of Great Britain, from to be allowed, parts beyond the feasor upon the exportation of goods, wares, in lieu of or merchandise from the kingdom of Great Britain; or upon those which goods, wares, or merchandise brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port within the kingdom of Great Britain, the several duties of customs, as the same are respectively inserted, de feribed, and set forth in figures in the schedule and tables hereunto annexed marked (AB. C D. E and that therp shall be paid and allowed the several drawbacks of the said duties of customs, as the same are also respectjvely. inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said schedule and tables marked (A. B. C D. E.) \ any law, custora, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III provided always, That nothing contained in this act, or in any of the schedules and tables hereunto annexed marked (A. B. C D. ejy shall extend, or be construed to extend,

give.

are then to

drawbacks not to be allowed except the goods be

17*7*1 Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C i3.' t

bw, grant, or allow, to the exporter from Great Britain to properly cn forrign parts, of any foreign goods, wares, or merchandise tered for ex whatever, any drawback of the duties of customs, paid upon the importation thereof into Great Britain, or to authorise the repayment or allowance of the same, unless such goods, wares, years from or merchandise, shall be duly and in the manner heretofore their imoor* pra&fcd, entered for exportation, with the proper officer of the tation, C castans, and actually shipped on board the ship or veitel in which the goods, wares, or merchandise, are intended to be exported, within the space of three years from the time such goods, wares, or merchandise, were originally imported into Great Britain (the time of such importation to be accounted from the matter's report inwards of his ship), and unless suffi rient proof be also first made by certificate from the proper officers of the due entry and payment of the duties inwards upon such foreign goods, wares, or merchandise, and by the oath or affirmation of the merchants importing and exporting the same, verifying and affirming the truth thereof, and the name of his majesty's searcher or under searcher in the port of London, or of nor nnlefii the Searcher of any other the out ports, testifying the shipping t^ct thereof to be exported, and unless such drawback be duly claim Govern CD within two years after such goods, wares, or merchandise, after To ship shall be shipped for exportation. ped.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties of customs by this at imposed, as shall Duties to be arise in thar part of Great Britain called England, shall be under ^yzement the management of the commissioners of the customs in England of the com for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part missioneiy of of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management customs in of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time Scotland rc

bong. fpe lively.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several sums of money so respectively inserted, de New duties scribed, and set forth, in the said schedule and tables hereunto and draw annexed marked (A. B. C D. E.) as the duties of customs, al and the drawbacks of the duties of customs, upon, for, or in lowed in like" respect of the several goods, wares, or merchandise, inserted manner as the therein, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, old duties, raised, levied, cosse<sted, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed C

(except where any alteration is expressly made by this act) in fbch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways, or methods, by which the former duties of cuf coins, and drawbacks of duties of customs, upon goods, wares, or merchandise in general, and also by any or either of the special means, ways, or methods, respectively, by which the former duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs, upon goods, wares, or merchandise, of the same sorts or kinds re fyedtively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and the goods, wares, or merchandise so by this at respectively made liable 19 the payment of, or chargeable with, duties of customs,

and the penalties for offences against any acts in force on May to, 1787, for securing the revenue, extended to this act, unless hereby altered.

The acts in force on May ip, 1787, relative to the customs, to remain in force, unless hereby altered.

What ships are meant by british built in the fche dulc.

Anno vicdkne septimo georgii III C 13, [17# jr;

or so entitled to drawback duties of customs, as refpedivdy inserted, described, and set forth, in the said schedule and tables hereunto annexed marked (A. B. C D. E.) upon the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from, Great Britain or on any other account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and, liable to all and every the conditions regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, or merchandise in general, and also all and every the special cpnditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, and forfeitures respectively, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandise respectively were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in fpree, on and immediately before the tenth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, refpedmgth* revenue of customs, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever, committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this act) shall, and are hereby dirtd ed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the fevers! duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every act of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or retlric* tions, were made, established, or directed, for the better securing the revenue of customs, o^for the regular importation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying coastwise, or from port to port within the same kingdom, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any goods, wares, or merchandise whatever, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, shall, and are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and efsect, and shall be applied to the subject of this act, and for carrying the same into execution, as fully and effectually as if they bad been repeated and re enacted in this present act.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wherever the words eritijb built Ship, or british built Ships, are inserted in the said schedule or tables marked (A. C EJ) hereunto annexed, the same shall be understood, deemed, anti taken to mean a british btfxl ship! or britifo*built ships, or a

i] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III Q. igj 17

prize ship taken at lea, by letters of mark or reprisal, legally condemned in a court of admiralty, owned, navigated, and re gistered according to law, and none other.

VU. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That nothing contained in this act, or in the said schedule and Goods per tables hereunto annexed, shall extend, or be construed to ex Initttcddt?* tend, to subjell to duty any goods, wares, or merchandise, wbkbj by virtue or in pursuance of any alt or acts of parliament jd force on m force on and immediately before the tenth day of May one May 10, 17*7, thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, may, under particular to drtumstances and conditions, be permitted to be imported and entered without payment of any subsidy, custom, or other duty, cularly ebarg* unlefe the same are particularly charged with duties in the fche ed therewith dale or tables hereunto annexed marked (A. B. C D. E); and fcbc no notes are fobjoined to any article therein, referring to any dulc* former altor alta which provide an exemption from the duties of customs, under certain conditions, rules, regulations, and reftri&ioat, on the due performance of which, the exemption from any of the said duties hereby repealed, on such articles, would have depended if this act had not been made.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed No drawback to extend, to allow a drawback upon the exportation of goods, to 1* granted wares, or merchandise, to any port or place to which a draw ^adtstn back was not allowed by any za or acts of parliament in force force on May on and immediately before the tenth day of May one thousand xo, 1787. seven hundred and eighty seven.

X And whereas in the said schedule and tables hereunto annexed, terrain goods, wares, or merchandise are enumerated, and attain duties and drawbacks affixed thereto which goods, wares, or merchandise, although not absolutely prohibited, yet under particular cir emmftanas, by the laws in force on and immediately before the tenth day e/mzj, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are not permitted to be imported into, or exported from, this kingdom $ be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That nono goods to thing contained in the said schedule and tables hereunto annex - be imported ed, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow or exported any goods, wares, or merchandise whatever to be imported a^intorce into, or exported from. Great Britain, in any way or manner 0n May xo, contrary to any za or acts of parliament in force on and imme 1787*. unless diately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hun p*j**c<* dred and eighty seven, except in any case where provision is expressly made for that purpose in the body of this act.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed Bonds for to extend, to prevent the importers or proprietors of goods, duties may be wares, or merchandise, from securing by bond the whole duties doe and payable thereon by this act, except the duties on coals, for°coals. P which shall be paid in ready money without any discount, or liberty to bond the same, ) provided the whole duties due and payable upon such goods, wares, or merchandise, on and immediately

All good imported to be entered at the customhouse, and landed, C except diamond, it C

If more than three dozen of bottle or ao gallons in calk of wine imported into any out port, be carried therefrom to within ao jniles of London, without a certificate that the difference of the duties at London and the out port i paid, the wine, Ac. to le seized, See.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [1787.

mediately before the tenth day of Mdy, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, might have been so secured by any a St or z&s o( parliament in Force on and immediately before the tenth day of Mayt one thousand seven hundred and eighty? (even.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all goods, wares, or merchandise imported or brought into Great Britain with an intent to be landed, except diamonds, jewels, pearls, precious (tones, and builion, and fresh fish, British taken, and imported in british built ships or vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to law; and also except turbots and lobsters, however taken or imported; whether such goods, wares, or merchandise are or shall be liable to duty or not, shall be regularly entered at the customhouse, and landed in the presence of the proper officer or officers, who shall examine the same, and shall not deliver them out of his or their custody and possession, until he or they shall have taken a particular account of the quantity and (pecies of such goods.

XIII And be it further ena<9ed by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, no wine of any sort, exceeding the quantity often galions, which at any rhyme shall have been imported from foreign parts into any out port of this kingdom, shall be brought, removed, or carried from such out pert, or from any port or place whatsoever, either by land or by water, into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to any place whatsoever within the distance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, before the owner or proprietor of such wine shall have paid unto the colledlor, or other proper officer of the customs nearest to the place from whence such wine is intended to be removed, the difference of the respective duties payable at the out ports and in the port of London, in addition to the duties which shall have previously been paid on the importation of such wine at any out port, which duties are respectively ascertained, described, and set forth in the schedule hereunto annexed marked [A.) 5 and if any quantity of wine in bottles exceeding three dozens, or in a calk or calks exceeding ten galions, shall at one and the same time, and in one and the same carriage, be brought, removed, or carried, either by land or by water, into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to any plaec whatever within twenty miles of the said Royal Exchange, without a certificate from such collector or other proper officer of his majesty's customs, expressing the quality and quantity of such wine, and certifying that the difference between the duties payable at the out ports and those which are due in the port of London, on the importation of such wine, have been duly paid and satisfied, or that the same was wine sold for salvage, or that the same has been compounded for, or condemned, such wine shall be forfeited, together with the calks and vessels containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the custoqas or cxcife9 and prosecuted in such manner as any

: ''**

17*7*3 Anno vtccsimo septimo gsoron III C 13. 09

wipes, for which the duties of customs or excise have not been

paid, may be seized and prosecuted.

XIV Provided always, and be it further ensued by the authority aforesaid, That if, after the removal of any such wine. If wine fb and after payment of the duties payable thereon, in any of the

out ports, and also of the difference of the respective duties pay port Lon. able at the out ports and the port of London, on the importation don, for which of such wines, and before the same shall be brought into the the duties yon of London, or the members thereof, or to any place what ever within the distance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange jh0ulch>e* of London, such wine shall happen to be (laved, or to be lost, dated, the or perish, the commissioners of his majesty's customs, or any owner shall four of them (proof having been made upon oath, to their fa J ^pdd ^5 tisfa&ioo, that such wine has been so ftlived, or has been lost, theories at or has pcrilhed, as aforesaid), shall cause repayment to be made the out port to the owner or proprietor of such wine, of so much money as and at Lon* the difference of the duties psyable for such wines in any out d0d* port and in the port of London shall amount to; such repayment to be made out of any of the duties of customs payable by virtue or in pursuance of this at.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all goods, wares, or merchandise of the growth, product. Goods im or tnanufadurc of India, China, or of any place or country within the limits of the charter or charters granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, froth places and imported by the said company, on which goods, wares, or within the merchandise fpccifick duties of customs, and drawbacks of the of tjjc*r said duties, are not particularly affixed as such in the schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, shall be subject and liable to which are not such duties of customs on importation into, and entitled to such jpecified in drawbacks on exportation from, Great Britain, as are respectively affixed thereto, and set forth in the table hereunto annexed the dudes^et* marked (B.); and that the value and price of the goods, wares, forth in table or merchandise, according to which the duties of customs re (8.), C ipcsively affixed, and the drawbacks respectively set forth in the said table hereunto annexed marked (B.) are to be secured, levied, collected, answered, paid, and allowed, shall be afeer rained by the gross. price at which such goods, wares, or merchandise shall have been respectively sold at the public Tales of the said united company of merchants trading to xht eajiindies, without any deduction or allowance of any kind whatever; any former at or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI And whereas, in framing the schedule of the duties and Recital of the irawheis hereunto annexed marked (A.) it was deemed expedient to books of rates mit certain species of goods which had been infer ted in the two books

if rotes, one of which was made by and in pursuance' of an all of & the nth pr foment made and passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King Geo. 1. C XI Charles the Second, and the other by and in pursuance of another act if parliament made and passed in the eleventh year of the reign of Lug George the First, same of those articles having been described

in

3* Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. £17871.1

th terms eibf&ett, and not at this time f

therein mentioned being not now in and to omit 'other rah

the said schedule, by reason that the great druerfity of value of the;

several fpeeiet thereof would 1

be imposed thereon, payable ateording to the gauge, or j

measure of futbarticles: in order therefore to ascertain what \ ball be paid on the importationand what drawbacks ball be id. an the exportation, of all manner of goods, wares, or merchandixo not otherwise particularly charged with duties in the said on tables, ana not exempted ortherefrom by parliament

in force on and immediately, before the tenth day of why, thousand even hundred and eighty fovea, and not being imported by the united company of merchants England trading East Indies; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, all manner of goods, wares, 'or merchandise, on whico certain fpeeifick duties, according to the weight, talc, gauge, or measure thereof, are not imposed, affixed, and after duties and en tained, in the schedule marked (A.) and not being exempt from ba°ka*by any a f parliament in force on and immediately be so forth in forc the tenth day of Mayone thousand seven hundred and (D.) eighty seven, and not being imported by the united company of unless exemp merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be subject ted by law, and liable tafuch duties on the importation thereof into Greet Britain, and entitled to such drawbacks on the exportation thereof fcom Great Britain, as are imposed, ascertained, and let forth in the table hereunto annexed marked (D.) except as is hereinafter provided.

XVII And be it further ensiled by the authority aforesaid, That the value of non enumerated goods, wares, ormerchtn dize, according' to which the duties hereby imposed and after ascertainedby tained, and set forth in the tables hereunto annexed marked the importer C andd.) are to be levied; collected, and paid, shall beafcer or proprietor, tained by the declaration of the importer or proprietor of such "n "er goods, or his known agent or fidor, in manner and form fbl tioned;lowing; (that is to say),

All goods, whole duties arc not filed by schedule A.) to be liable to the

1

or imported by the India company.

The value of non eno aerated goods to be

1a. B. do hereby declare, That the goods mentioned in this entry, and contained in the packages [here specifying the several packages, and describing the several marks and numbers, as the case may be] are of the growth, production y or manufacture [as the case may be] of and that I am the importer

or proprietor thereof or that I am duly authorised by bin [as the case may be] and I do enter the same at the value of fvttnefs my handy the day of

Aa Bo

The above declaration, ftgnei the day of in the

jprcfence of

C D. coliccior.

£ F. comptroller, or other principal officers

17*7-3 Anno vicesimo septimo g$orgii III C 13.

Which declirarioo shall be written on the warrant of the entry of such goods, wares, or merchandise, and shall be subscribed with the band of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or factor, in the presence of two of the principal officers of the customs at the port of importation, of which the collator shall be one who shall certify the same under their hands; and such declaration, so made and signed as herein*be whichdecfa* fere directed, shall be to all intents and purposes whatever of rwti°«a the lane force and efsect; and the importer or proprietor of such btad^he i goods, wares, or merchandise, (hath be in every re(pe& bound porter or by fecb declaration, as fully and effectually, as if the value of proprietor todi goods, wares, or merchandise, had been as heretofore ascertained by the oath or affirmation of such importer or pro pwctor; and if upon view and examination of such goods, oath; and if wares, or merchandise, by the proper officer or officers of the such goods be custocns, it shall appear to him or them that such goods, wares, undervalued, or merchandise, are not valued according to the true price or ken sorts? value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of use of the this act, then if shall and may be lawful for the proper officer crown, 00 or officers of the customs to detain such goods, wares, or mer PT, n fr chandhe, and to cause the same to be conveyed into his Ma jjj* herein jelly's warehoose, or otherwise properly secured, at the port of mentioned, importation, and to take such goods, wares, or merchandise, for the use and benefit of the crown, within eight days from the laading thereof, in case the goods shall have been imported into the ports of London or Leith, and within fifteen days iron) the landing thereof in case the goods shall have been imported into aay other ports in this kingdom than the ports of London or Lath; and the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, are hereby impow ered to direst the receiver-general and cashier of his majesty's customs, in case such goods, wares, or merchandise, shall have been imported into the port of London, to pay, out of any money in his bands arising from the revenue of customs, to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandise, the value thereof (o ascertained as aforesaid, together with an addition of ten pounds per centufn thereon, and also the duties paid on the importation of such goods, wares, or merchandise, but without any further allowance, either on account of freight, or any other charge or expense whatever, which payment mall be made within fifteen days after the said goods, wares, or merchandise, shall have been so taken, in case the value of the same shall exceed twenty pounds, and without delay, if the value of the goods, wares, or merchandise, shall not exceed twenty pounds; and in case such goods, wares, or merchandise, shall have been so taken and detained in any port of this kingdom, other than the port of London, the collector of the customs in (och port, with the privity of his comptroller, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required so make such and the like payment, out of any money in his hands arising from customs, to

the

a

Goods so taken for the use of the crown may be sold, and if they produce more than all cost and charges! a moiety of the overplus may be given the officers who examined them, C

The value of goods, charg able with duties according thereto on exportation to be afeer tained in the manner herein mentioned;

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. {1787-

the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares or merchandise, so taken and detained as aforesaid.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such payment so made to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be in full satisfaction for the same, to all intents and purposes, as if the said goods, wares, or merchandise had been regularly sold; and it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his majesty's cuf toma in England, or any four or more of them, and the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, respectively, to cause the said goods, wares, or merchandise to be fairly and publicity sold to the bed advantage; and in case there shall be any overplus remaining from the produce of such Tale, after deducting the value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation, and also the charges arising from the warehoufing and sale of such goods, the said commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, shall and may order one moiety of such overplus to be paid to the several and respective officers of the customs concerned in the view and examination of such goods, wares, or merchandise, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty; and the other moiety of such overplus, together with the amount of the value of the goods, so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum, and also of the duties paid or payable on the importation thereof, shall be paid to the colledlor of his majesty's customs in that port within which the said goods, wares, or merchandise shall have been sold; but in case it shall so happen that the produce of such sale, after deducing the charges arising from the warehousing, securing, or sale of such goods, shall not exceed the value of such goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation thereof, that then, and in such case, the whole produce of the sale of such goods, wares, or merchandise, after deducing the charge arising from the warehousing, securing, and sale thereof, shall be paid into the hands of the collector of his majesty's customs in that port within which the said goods shall have been so sold.

XIX And whereas certain goods, wares, or merchandise are by this act charged with, and made subject to, duty on exportation from this kingdom, according to the value thereof; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the value of finch goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be ascertained by the declaration of the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandise, in manner and form following; (that is to say,

T A. B. do hereby declare, That lam the exporter or proprietor of A the goods mentioned in this entry i and I do enter the Jam at the value of

Witntft

V

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13*

Witntfi my bend, the day of

A. B.

Tbt above declaration, signed iht day of in tk$

Prefmaif

C D. colleflor.

E. F. comptroller, or other principal officer.

Which declaration shall be written on the entry outwards of fsch goods, wares, or merchandise, and shall be subscribed with the hand of the exporter or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or factor, in the'presence of two of the principal officers of the customs at the port of exportation, of which the collector shall be one, who shall certify the lame under their hands; and such declaration, so made and signed as herein directed, shall be to at) iotents and purposes whatever of the same force and efieft, and the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandise, shall be in every respect bound by such dedara tion as fully and effectually, as if the value of such goods, wares, or merchandise had been, as heretofore, ascertained by the oath of affirmation of such exporter or proprietor; and if, upon view and examination thereof by .the proper officer or officers of the customs, it shall appear to nim or them that such goods, wares, or merchandise are not valued, by the declaration of the exporter nr proprietor thereof, according to the true price or value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this a, that rhen, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said officers of the customs to detain the same, in such and the like manner as the officers of the customs are by this act authorised to detain goods, wares, or merchandise imported into Great Britain from foreign parts, and liable to pay duty at value according to the declaration of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or factor, and which shall appear to be undervalued 5 and such goods, wares, or merchandise, so appearing to be undervalued by the exporter or proprietor thereof, shall be secured in such manner, and under such and the like regulations, and shall and may be disposed of, and the produce applied, in such manner, arid under such and the like regulations, as goods, wares, or merchandise imported into Great Britain from foreign parts, and liable to pay duty at value according to the declaration of the importer or proprietor thereof, and which shall appear to be undervalued, are by this a directed to be detained, secured, and disposed of, and the produce thereof applied*and the exporter or proprietor shall in such case be paid itv like manner, and under the like authority, by the receiver-general and caffiier of his majesty's customs, in case the goods, wares, or merchandise shall be entered for exportation in the port of London, or by the collectors of his majesty's customs at the other ports of Great Britain respectively, if the goods shall be entered for exportation at any other port than see port of London, out of any money in his or their bands arising

3?

which declaration of the value shall be as binding as if made on oath, and if the goods are undervalued, to be disposed of, See. as goods imported and undervalued are directed to be.

goncaort of the customs to aooeurat for money received for fate of goods undervalued as for duties granted by chis act.

Portage to matters of

Anne vicesimo septimo georgii III C 13. [1787.

ing from the revenue of customs, the value of such good, wares, or merchandise so ascertained as aforesaid by the exporter or proprietor thereof, together with ten pound per m tum, and also the customs paid ort the entry for exportation of such goods, wares, or merchandise, without any further allowance on any account whatever; which payment (hau be mads within fifteen days after the said goods, wares, or merchandise shall have been so taken and detained.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority afoisaid, That whatever money shall be paid into the hand of any «td* lector of the customs in any port of this kingdom, on acoevnt of the produce of such fate, shall be, by every such colledtar, applied in like manner as if the same had been received by tkhn on account of the' duties of customs by this a granted and impolcd.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thotifaitdfcwri hundred and eighty seven, the bounty or allowance to maftett

ships to cesfe of ships inwards, commonly called and known by the name of

at May 10, 1787.

Redial of treaty between his Britannic Majesty and the most Christian king.

Portage, shall cease and determine, and the same shall oof be paid or allowed to the mailer of any ship or vessel, who shall not have duly made his report at the customhouse on or beferethe tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fevan, any custom or usage to the contrary nottfthstanding.

A XII And whereas, byd treaty of navigation and commerce ltd concluded between his Britannic Majesty and the most Cbrifiittn king, ftgned at Versailles the twenty sixth day of September, '#/ thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and by a convention signed on the fifteenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, it is agreed', that olive oil, vinegar, brandy, linen, porniaht, earthenware, and pottery, phteglass, and glass ware, beer, hardware, cutlery, cabinet ware, turnery, musical infiruments, camhitts, or French lawns; all works of iron, fieel, topper, and brass, purser mixed; and all sorts of cottons and woollens, whether knit of above, including bofiery manufactured in the European dominions uf'tbt French king \ fadlery, gauzes, and millinery made up of tmtflm, lawn, eambrick, or gauze, or of any other article which may hi legally imported into this kingdom, of the manufacture of France, or of arty of the European dominions of the French king, and also' French wines, shall, for a limited time, be imported into Great Britain on payment of certain duties, as in the said' treaty and convention ate respect 'tvety fiipulated and agreed an, and that other tnerebandhses shall pay the duties payable by the most favoured European nations: and whereas same of the beffre tnenttoned articles dre either pofithety or dreumftantiatty prohibited to be imported into this kingdobt i be it Pram May xo, therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and Vf after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and arddm beiey eighty seven, until the tenth dty df May, which will be in the in eaumerat' year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, and no longer, edmaybeim it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatever to ittjpoit or bring into Great Britain, either for sale or

jygy] Anno vicesimo feprimo Georgii Ilf. C i j. 35

rfirraiy from France, or from any place in the domi dominion! of

nion* of the French king, any vinegar, brandy, linen, porce the French lain, earthen ware and pottery, plate glair and glass ware, beer, fn^hedooer hardware, cutlery, cabinet ware, turnery, musical instrumente, rpedfied ip cam bricks or Prtntb lawns, thread, bone lace, works of iron, the annexed steel, copper, and brass, pure or mixed, cottons and woollens tables, fc.) of all fats, whether knit or wove, including hohery, fadiery, gaoaes, and millinery made up of mnflin, lawn, cambrick, or gauge, or of any other article which may be legally imported uh this kingdom, being of the manufacture Frame, or of any of the Evrtptan dominions of the king alio Frtmb

wines in calks from any place in the Eurtptan dominions of the Frtmb king, in such manner, 'and under Inch regulations, at such wines may now by law be imported from Promt; and also Frtmb wines in bottles or stalks, as well for fate as for private use, except as is herein after provided, from any place in the Ewnytan dominions of the Frtmb king, or from the Hlands of Gtterxfey, yerftj, or Alderney, in such manner, and under such regulations, as the same may now by law be imported from Frrnu, for private use; and olive oil, the product or manufacture of France or of any place in the dominions of

she French king, from any part of the Netherlands belonging to or under the dominion of the French king, in built fhipa

or reffels, owned, navigated, and registered, according to the laws in forte on or' immediately before the tenth day of May one rhousend seven hundred and eighty seven, or in -

built ships or vcticls owned by and belonging wholly to the subject of the French king, and whereof the master and three worths of the mariners, at the leafy are the fgbjc&s of the Frtmb king, 00 payment of the fevers! and respechve duties due and payable on the importation thereof, as the same are respec rivdy infer ted, described, and let forth in the table and schedule hereunto annexed marked C and IF.)

xxifl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all cambricfcs or French lawns legally imported, shall and Cambncks or stay be worn, used, or con fumed in Great or sold or !na

poled to fele therein, and shall not be subje$ to feraure or po^ed, worn, forfeiture on account of such importation, nor shall the perfen or sold or persons who (hau import, wear, use, or consume the same, or who shall fell, or expose to fele, the same, or have the same in his, her, or their custody or possession, be liable to any penalty or penalties, fine or fines, whatever, for wearing, using, confoming, selling, or exposing to fele, the same; any law, coftom, or usage, to .the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the importers or proprietors of 'any cambricks or French Cambrick* lawns, which, before the tenth day of May, one thousand (even r" bond red and eighty seven, shall have been imported into gr«rf£*port*tioi», Britain for exportation, from any part or place in the European before May dominions of the Frembkmg* and lodged according to law in a78*> mrehouse belonging to hit Majesty, ot which shall, on or bed

2 f tody of the

3 6 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [1^87.

owner, bn fore the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and paving the eighty seven, be lawfully so imported into Great Britain for that

m'. purpose, shall, after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven V*hundred and eighty seven, be at liberty to take and receive the*same into their own custody and possession, either for fate and

consumption in this kingdom, or otherwise, fitch importertor proprietors first making a regular entry of all such cam brick or ' French lawns with the proper officer of the customs, and paying

such duty for the same as cambricks or French lawns, imported*after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are by this present at madesubject and liable to, and cam end all cambricks or French lawns under seizure by any officer brick seized or officers of the customs, or which shall or may be seized by faraeday'may any officer or officers of the customs, on or before the tenth day be sold for 1 of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall home con and may, after condemnation, be sold for consumption in this fumption. kingdom, and no person shall be subject or liable to any penalty for having the same in his custody or possession, the purchaser or purchasers thereof first making a regular entry of all such cambricks or French lawns with the proper officers of the customs, add paying fugh duty for the same as cambricks or lawns, imported after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are by .this act made subject and liable to; any law, custom, or ufagp, to the contrary notyrith cambricks (landing C provided nevertheless, That nothing in this adtcon imported in tained shall extend, or b cooftrued to; extend, to permit or than*<o tonnes a^ow» during the time limited by this acts, the importation of burden, and any cambricks or French lasvrw. other than II ships or veflela of in bale not the burden of sixty tpqjtdr upwards and# bales, cases, or containing boxes, covered with'fackclojh or canvss, . each of which bale, of ioo pieces, M or boxes, halj contsm) one hundred, .whole pieces, or two and French'hundred demi or half pieces, : of cambricks or French lawns; or wines in the importation of any French wines in bottle or flaiks, other packages con than in packages, each of which shall contain at the lead three than^f ddfen dozep repoted quart bottles or ftasks; and in. case any cambricks qirarts, to be or French lawns, or any French wines in bottles or ftasks, shall forfeited. be imported in any other way, form or manner, or in any left quantity, the same shall, and' are hereby declared to be forfeited, and. shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs.

XXV And. whereas diverse tf the lata.at well as the present

le fiors er receivers of the revenue tf by reafen tf the greet

numbers of branches of the revenue tf heretofore granted u his present Majesty, and to his royal predettjfors, have, in many fiances, applied erroneously to one branch of the revenue ef tufttm the

money properly belonging and applicable to another, by which meant the accounts of fetch tolled!ors or receivers remain unsettled and unliquidated; be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore the comtnif laid. That it shall and may be lawful for the contmissionere of Goners of cuf his majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any cttheac ct our or ore of them, and the commissioners of his majesty's

customs

1787.] Anno vtcecmo feptirno gtfdftgii III C 15. 37

customs In Scotland for the time being, or any thrfc or more of counts of col them, finally to settle and close the account % of such latt or pre ic?ori °* seat collectors or receivers of any partof the rcvenqe of customs, hvvvapplicd or other duties under their management, notwithstanding their mooeybc having so erroneously applied to one branch of the revenue of lorigingtooae customs the money properly belonging to another $ and the said branch of the couiflii/soiiers are hereby respectively empowered to correct such Mother application, in order to prevent the accounts of any such late or branch, prdent collectors or receivers from being kept open, unsettled, and unliquidated; and all such corrections shall, and are hereby directed to be allowed by the comtnilfioners for better examining and auditing the public accounts of the kingdom, in the pafiing the general account of customs, fubfidici, and imposition.

XXVI Jnd whereas it is expedient that the several duties tf customs granted by this eft Jhculd be paid into the hands of she receiver-general and cajbur of his Majtftfs customs, as soon as may be, and teas the accounts of the several persons employed in the collection ar receipt of such duties Should be frequently settled and adj listed, in order that the balance of ccjh remaining in their hands if any) may at all time 1 be clearly ascertained and known, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the tenth Indi* day of May, one thousand feveo hundred and eighty seven, the

mired company of merchants of England trading to the East times they Indies shall pay, or cause to be paid, into the hands of the r become due ceivor geneml and caftiier of his majesty's customs for the time Jjf their being, all and every sum or sums of money due and payable from the said united company, on account of the duties of cuf ncrai Of the toms, at the several and respective times and periods when the customs, time shall become due and payable by law; and that the said whofereceipt receiver-general and cahier of nis majesty's customs shall give, cash

or cause to be given, to the said united company, a receipt for by tbc coj. the moneys so paid for and on the account of the collector of his lector. Majesty's customs, to whom such sum or sums of money are by law now due and payable, which receipt, when delivered to such colkdor, shall be received by him as cash; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary not withstanding.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore

bid, That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand pjj*'*8.001'' seven hundred and eighty seven, every person employed in the j'df' port of London in tl>e collection or receipt of any part of the dontobepjd duties of customs, shall pay into the hands of the said receiver to the receiv general and cahier of his majesty's customs the whole of the er general on moneys which he shall receive on account of the duties of cu the day.^ftoms, on the day on which he shall receive the same, or as near arc rccciv # the whole as may be, save and except such sum or sums of money as shall, from time to time, by virtue of the special order of the.commissioners of his majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any tout or more of them, (as heretofore), be directed to be deduced, paid, or allowed therefrom.

XXVIIX, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

d3 That,

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 13. [1787.

don, to be paid by the receiver-general.

Moneys due Thar, frbtn and after the tenth day of one thousand (even 2"^ebeb* "r hundred and eighty seven, ah and every sum or foms of money or premium" which shall Appear to be due on any debenture for the payment if due in Lon Of any part of the duties of customs on goods, wares, or tner* J "*"*"chandize exported from Great Britain, or any debenture, certificate, or other instrument or document whatever, for the payment of any money by way of premium, bounty, allowance, er otherwise, directed by this act to be paid out of the duties of customs, or by any other act or acts of parliament in force m and immediately before the tenth day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, or by the special order or dk redion of the said tommissioners of his majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, where such payment or allowance shall become due in the port of London, shall be paid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, properly authorised to receive the same, by the receiver-general and cashier of his majesty's customs for the time being out of any moneys in his hands arising from the duties of customs and every such payment or allowance, (o made by the said receiver-general and cashier of his majesty's customs, shall, and is hereby directed to be allowed by the commissionerr for the better examining and auditing the public accounts of this

kingdom, in the settling or auditing or the accounts of the rest calmer of his majesty's customs s any la w.

ceiver general and

custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Such deben That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be cmrftrued (0

' "re due extend, to prevent or hinder any of the collectors or Wceivtft in London, of j, is majeny's customs in any port of Gnat, other than

may be paid "*, , s«"«*» "*'!?. why

the rapec e port of London, from making such payments or allowance, tive collectors out of any of the moneys in their hands, arising from the duties

at the out ports

This act not

of customs, on account of any debenture or certificate, or by virtue of any instrument or document whatever, as they would have been authorised to have done if this act had not been made.

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend,

fedatthoun to ater or any way any bounty or premium whatever, ty or pre now payable by law out of" any part of the revenue of the cu mium now ftoms, on the importation into, or on the exportation from, this payable out of kingdom, of any goods, Wares, or merchandise; but that the .u same shall continue, and be paid and allowed as heretofore j and

the proper officers of the customs, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are hereby authorised and required to pay and allow the same, out of any money in their hands arising from customs.

XXXI And whereas certain rules, orders, dinflms, andrcgk lations, are annexed to the two books of rates herein before mentioned

under the following titles or heads', (that is to Jay), Those annexed to the said book of rates made in the said twelfth year of the reign of King Qharles the Second, under the title or bead of certain rules, orders,

di

the revenue of customs.

7a Anna vkcsimo feprimo Georgii IH cij.

finffiaos, and allowances, for the advancement of trade, and «o«t|emtat of the merchant, at also for the regulating, as ?tu of the merchants in making due entries and just payments tf then customs, as of the officers in all the ports of this king dew in the faithful di (charge of their duty; annexed

the fed bukaf rates eeeodt in the jdideleventh year reign tf

his late mojtfty King George the First, under the title or bead if ftuies, orders, and regulations: and whereas it it expedient that tie same Jbauld be repealed: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth day of May, From May to, one thousand seven hundred andeighty seven, the several rules, ft the orders, directioos, and regulations, annexed to the said two to the twt> hooka of rates, and everything therein contained, shall be re books of rates pealed; and the same are hereby repealed, and declared to be of is Car. s. mill ami void to all intents and purposes whatever, except such andtioeo.i. part or parts thereof as are re enacted in this act. ' repeal

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That fresh frfh of every kind or sort whatever, caught or taken "fj* in any past of the ocean, by the crews of any ships or vessels built kiitvs Ms in. Great Britain, Ireland, the iflandaof Jerpy, or Man, Maieftr'* door

in any of the coionics, plantations, istands, or territories, minions, and which now belong, or at the time of building such ships or vef feh did belong, or which may hereafter belong to, or be in the

pofidbonaf, his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and wholly be fubjcfti, mar lodging to and owned by his majesty's subjects usually residing be imported so Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of, Jersey, or without par

Jtfan, and navigated and registered according to law, shall and in*dutf*

'y be imported into Great Britain, in ships built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without payment of any duty of customs whatever; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIII And be it farther enabled by the authority afore hid, That if any goods, wares, or merchandise whatever, on If goods on which specific duties are payable by this act according to the weight, tale, gauge, or measure thereof, and which shall be im liy^ng to posted or brought into Great Britain from foreign parts, after their weight, Xbc tenth day ot May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty Ac. (hold be seven (except wine, tobacco, raisint, and currants), shall receive damaged on any damage by hit water or otherwise, during the course of the proportion voyage, after such goods, wares, or merchandise shall have able ailow been laden or shipped in foreign parts, and before the same shall ance out of be unftupped or dilcbarged from the ship or vessel in which they..

Hull he imported into Great Britain, so that the owner thereof the ffeall be prejudiced in the sale of such goods, wares, or merchant, to be etnodize, the principal officers of the customs, or any two of ascertained as them, whereof the collect or for the time being shall be one (the he"'" di pmf of such damage being first ascertained in the manner re rtited' quired by law, on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven), shall have power to cbooie two indifferent merchants, experienced in the values of such. goods, waves, ocmerchandise, who upon viewing the

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. (17b7+

same shall certify and declare, upon their corporal oath*r first administered by the said officers (who are hereby authorised add empowered to administer the same), what damage such goods, wares, or merchandise, have received, and how much the 4kmt are lessened in their true value, according to such damage, in cdfa* lion to the duties seton them in the schedule hereunto annettnt marked (A.); and thereupon the proper officers shall, and thfey are hereoy authorised and required to make a just, reasonabte, and proportionable allowance to the merchant, by way of return or repayment out of the duties due and which shall hove been adualiy paid for the same.?

XXXIV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Goods to con authority aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained lhail «* fdue 10d* - tcnc^ or con^rue^ to extend, to permit or allow any goods, laden \nndun' wares or merchandise to be laden or unladen at any other officers of the places, or at any other times or hours than is now by law al customs to lowed, nor to alter or vary the lawful hours for the attendance attend at the of the officers of his Majesty's customs respectively, nor to alter, antthe same vary rcpeal>or n any respect increase the fees established by hrw fees to be re to the officers of his majesty's customsj but the same shall, wad ceived, as are hereby declared to continue and remain several ly and re nowestablilh fpeeftively as they were on and immediately before the tenth day ca bylaw. cf onc thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority afore From May zo, said. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand 1787, the seven hundred and eighty seven, all and Angular the duties, al of excive tc>c8 l°wances» bounties, and drawbacks of excise, and other duties cease, except un^cr the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, granted by any act or acts of parliament now in force, and also the additional imposts or duties charged upon the product and amount of the said several duties, shall cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before, or on the said tenth day of May, one thousand seven

on malt, mum, hundred and eighty*seven, and further, save and except the du cyder, and ties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, granted by two several Gcc7 q 6. as parl*arocnt> made in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, the one entitled, an act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the Jervtce of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six 5 and the other. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and and ahb ex eighty seven; and save also and further except the rates or duties cept duties on payable for any licence or licences which the said commissioners 1 cenced h exc^c'or any or e^ber of them, or the colle&ori* supervisors, commission or °fficers f excise, or any of them, are or have been, by any era of excise $ or aft .of parliament in force on and immediately before the

said

and 27 Geo. 3 c

*7*7-1 Anno vkcfirao feptimdtse&rgil III C ijl 41

had tenth day of Majy one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven authorised or empowered to grant.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afore feid, That, from and after the said tenth day of ay, one thou n (and seven hundred and eighty seven, in lieu and instead of the ad duties of excise, and other duties under the management of the duties the findcommissioners of excise respectively, by this act repealed, specified in there flail be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, schedule r). his bars and fucceilbrs, upon the several goods, wares, mer anncxcd*^tc ehandize, and commodities mentioned and described in the fche dole marked (F.) hereunto annexed, the several foms of money and duties of excise, as they are respectively inferred, described, and fct forth in the said fcheduie; and that there flail be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by this act imposed, to the several persons entitled to the same, the several allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of excise, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said fcheduie; and also all other such special allowances as are particularly directed by any act or acts of par rament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of j&y, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

XXXVIL And be it further enacted by the authority afore feid, That such of the duties of excise by this act imposed as New duties ibail arise in that pan of Great Britain called England, flail be be under under the management of the commissioners of excise in Eng ^cn?of tbt knd for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that commission part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the manage ers of excise, mem of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time be d to be ac ing, and shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, and discharged by the person and persons liable to the accounting for, c<j duties daring off, payment, satisfaction, or discharge thereof, at stich were; tone and times, and in such manner, as the duties of excise, and other duties under the management of the said commission mof excise respectively (hereby repealed, chargeable upon the like goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities, respectively, or upon any person or persons for or in respect thereof, were, by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore hid, That the said several sums of money respectively inserted, and may be described, and set forth in the said fcheduie hereunto annexed, marked (F.) as the duties of excise, and the allowances, boun ^sowedin ties, and drawbacks of the duties of excise, upon the several the like'man goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities also inserted there ner, unlefa hr, shall and maybe respectively raised, levied, coileded, an hereby alter fared, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, sex CD ctpt where any alteration is expre&ly made by this act in such id the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means,

ways,

4* Anno vicesimo iepdmo gio*o« III C ij. [1787

ways, or method by which the former duties of exeife, w»c other duties under the management of the said commissicsogtri of excise respectively, and allowances bounties, and drawbacks of duties of excise, and other duties under tl\e management the said eommilboners of excise, respectively, in general; gpd also by any or either of the special means, ways, or method n spectively, by which the former duties of excise, and other ds|ti«a under the management of the said commissioners of excstco* spectively, and allowances, bounties, and drawbacks of duties of excise, and other duties under the management of the find eotnmissioners of excise respectively, upon goods, wares, ooer chandize, or commodities of the lame forts or kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, ts and the covered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the good, goodschar^e wares, merchandise, or commodities so by this act respectively duties of ex bae l'*hle to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of CX cife, by this c*so» or f Entitled to allowances, bounties, or drawbacks of 4u aft.'to be ties of excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in subject to the the said schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.) shall be, and condition!, te same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the by lawoit'1* conditions, regulations, rules, rcfttiduons, and forfeiture to May, 1787; which goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities in generp), and also all and every the special conditions, rules, regulftioas, restrictions, and forfeitures rcfpadively, to which the like good, wares, or merchandise respectively were subject and liable by any ad or sdu of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of Maj one.thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, respecting the duties of excise, or other duties under the management of the said commiflicoers of excise respectively, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, or by and the pe any other act or acts of this session of parliament; and all and nxltiesthen is every pain, penalty, - fine, or forfeiture of any nature or luqd eatendedto whatever, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever committed against, or in breach of any ad pr acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of m.p., one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, made for Securing the revenue of excise, or other Julies under the' management of the said commissioners of excise refpcdiveiy, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feverpl clause, powers, and diredioos therein contained, (unlefe where x pressly altered by this act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and p ut in execution, for and in respect of the fever) .duties of 1 excise, end allowances, bounties, and drawbacks .of duties of excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and supple manner, to all Latest sand purposes whatever, as if al) and every toe find acts, elauses, prpvisions, powers, diredioos, fines, pains, penalties or forfeitures, were, particularly repeated and re eneded in the body of this act.

_ XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority afore

ra^perifick fr*d, 'That in all cases where duties are imposed, or dr*77back*

on allowed.

A fe

1787-1 Anno vicesimo septimo osokoii III C 13. 4)

allowed, by this acton any specific quantity of goods, wares, qusntkie* of or merchandise, the same shall, in every case, be understood and 8<x>d»>to P deemed and taken to apply, in the same proportion, and after {j^llbstto the same rate, to any quantity less than such specific quantity. any |e£iqu*a XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tides. tbatau moneys arising from duties, either by bond or other^tefpedbng the revenues of customs and excise, raised, le coiieaedafter vied, colfeded, or paid, from and after the tenth day of Act, y, May 10, 1787, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, for or on account cither of cuf of any goods, wares, or merchandise wlutever, imported or?' brought into Great Britain, or brought or carried coastwise, or ^uebefor! from port to port within the said kingdom, or made or manu that dar, may ftdured therein, on or before the tenth day of May, one thou be applied as (and seven hundred .and eighty seven, (although the amount of* uke." {."*said duties may have own computed, ascertained, and re ceired, in the like manner in which they have heretofore been'usually computed, ascertained, and received), and also all the deties of excise, and other duties under the management of the eommiffioders of excise, which shall have been charged or become due on or before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven bendred and eighty seven, and which shall not be received till after that day, mall and may, from and after the said tenth day of acey, one thousand seven hundred end eighty feveo, - be appropriated and applied, in one sum or total amount, in like manner as the duties of enfioms and excise, by this aftimposed, are herein after direfm to be appropriated and applied, instead.. tit femal and reffective brandies to which such moneys were applicable before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven; and tint all moneys (respecting the revenues ef custotns or excise) paid or to be allowed, either upon bond or othertrife, either by way of drawback, bounty, certifi ewe, premium, or allowance, or by any other legal document whatever, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, (although the amount of the same (hd have been computed end ascertained in the like manner in which they have heretofore been usually computed and ascertained), Ah and may be paid or allowed, by the proper officer or officers of the customs nr excise, in one sum or total amount, not of stay moneys in their hands arising from the dudes of customs ahd excise respectively.

XLI And whereastie several rafts and under

ment and eareef die etmndffitntrt fer managing tie duties open

stampti vellum, parchment, and paper, a appropriated and ep pbemrto various purpofis, ottering to tie aketfim of the

altt df parliament grunting tie same $ and tie send temmiffitners and aether affairs employed in tit adbffitn and management of tie aid rates and duties art repaired to imp fepantte and diffina mounts of

the moneys arising fromtheseveral tatesanddsities, as tbeyrtfpe&iv&y art paid iate the hands of the said' tiffittrs, and Hkeioift to provide aadtsfi afferentanddiftirtst dus or lamps to denote eath rate and duty, best therefore cna&td by the authority aforesaid. That, e to

u

commission ers of stamps my provide one stamp to denote the several duties chargeable on vellum, flee;

and may consolidate the several duties into one sum, collected accordingly, and keep one account ofthofe duties.

From May 10, 1787, all duties on stamped vellum, C to be paid to the receiver-general of those duties, who is to keep

Anno vicesimo Jeptimo georgii III C 1$.' [17871

to prevent the multiplication of (lamps upon such pic vellum, parchment, or paper, or other indruments, matters, 1 things, on which'several rates and duties are by several acts< parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said com( tniffioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, papchg ment and paper, indead of the didinft damps, dies, or directed to be provided to denote the several duties on the velum, parchment, or paper, or other indrument, matter, or tl*charged therewith, to cause one new damp, die, or mark to I provided, to denote the said several rates and duties on ear _ such piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or other instrutnen^ matter, or thing, charged with the said several rates or duties from time to time, as shall be by them thought needful, and to repair, renew, or alter the same, as there shall beoccafion j any, former act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII And, in order that all tmonies which Shall from

the several rates and duties, under the management of the said torn mijfioners for managing the duties ondamped parchment, and

paper, which are or Shall be denoted by the same, mark, or stamp, may be brought into one account j be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That indead of the several rates and duties imposed by several acts of parliament upon the same piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing charged with several rates or duties, being levied, collected, and received in several and didinft sums, according to the several proportions by which the same arc imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, and all and every the officer and officers who shall be concerned in the management of the said rates and duties under the said commissioners, to consolidate the moneys anting or to arise from the said several rates and duties into one sum, to the amount of all the said several rates and duties, and to levy, collect, and receive the same accordingly j and to keep at the head office of damps one didinft account of the moneys arising from the said consolidated duties, and to bring into the same account all rates and duties under the management of them the said commissioners, which are and shall be, in pursuance of this or any former act, denoted by the same die, mark, or damp, without any reparation of the several parts or members thereof, or didinftion taken or made as to the uses or purposes to which the same are, or are intended to be appropriated or applied, or the act or acts of parliament granting, appropriating, or regulating the same $ any former law or ufegc to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII And be it further enacted by the authority sforesaid. That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, all moneys arising from the rates and duties under the management of the. commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being, of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper. who shall keep one account only of all the said rates and duties

and

f X

>

*7^7-] Anno vicesimo fcpttmo Giorgii III C i 3.

and pay the same accordingly (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, from time to time, weekly $ (that is to say), on Wtinefiay in every week, if the same be not an holiday, and if the lame be an holiday, then on the next day which (hau nor be an holiday, for the purposes herein after declared and exploded; any former act or acts of parliament, or any daofir, matter, or thing, in any former act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said com mi (Turners for managing the said duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and all other officers who shall be employed or entrusted by or under them, shall from time to time, in and for the better execution of their, several places and trulls, observe and perform such rules and orders as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, for the time being.

XLV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and their officers, and all other the officer and officers concerned in the management of any die said rates and duties, shall be subject to such penalties and forfeitures, for any breach of the trust in them reposed, or for direrting or milapplying the money received in pursuance of this or any former act or acts of parliament, contrary to the true intent of this act, as by any former law relating to the duties under the management of the said commissioners arc inflicted; and that all powers, provifocs, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, diftribotiort of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament, relating to the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or other the duties under the management and care of the said commissioners, and not hereby altered, shall be m force and efsect, with relation to the rates and duties hereby consolidated, and shall be applied and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the same, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if they had been particularly repeated and re enacted in this present act.

XLVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, (lamp, or mark, to resemble any foal, damp, or mark dircded to be allowed or used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this or any former act or acts of parliament relating to the duties under the management of the (kid commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, for the purpose of denoting the hid duties, or any of them; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his beiri or fuccedbrs, of any of the said duties; or shall uttef, vend, or soil any vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter

45

one account thereof, and pay the money into the exchequer weekly.

commissioners and officers for stamps to ob fenre the orders of the treasury;

and to be subject to penalties for breach of trust as heretofore

All powers. See. of former acts, except hereby altered, to continue in force

Persons counterfeiting, oir selling counterfeited stamps, or fraudulently using stamp, guilty of felony.

4*

Anno vicesimo feptimtf gsorgii III C 1-3.

or thing, with such counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently - life any Tea), stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be uicct by this or any former alt or acts of parliament, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully aeon vilted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XLVII And be it further enaltad by the authority aforesaid, th^d0' hat romane ater tent one thousand seven

tin of cuf u" hundred and eighty seven, the several duties ofcustoms, cxcifc, and stamps, granted or conlolidated by this a (ft, together with the duty on hackney coaches and chairs, granted by the alts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and eleventh of King George the Third 5 and on hackney coaches, by the twenty-fourth of King George the Third; the duty on hawkers and pedlars, made perpetual by an act of the first of King George the First; and the duty on hawkers and pedlars, granted by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third;the duty on houses, window, and lights, granted by the sixth of King George the Third; on inhabited houses, by the nineteenth of King George the Third) and on houses, by the twenty-fourth of King George the Third; the arrears of the duties on male servants, granted by the fevtti teenth and twenty first of King George the third; on msfe and female servants, by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third; the duties on salt, by the twenty sixth df King George the Second, and the twentieth and twenty second of King george*the Third; the sum of twelve thousand pounds per annum, payable half yearly by the bank, pursuant to the twenty-third of King George the Third; the duty of fixpenee in the pound'on pensions granted by the twelfth of King George the First, and the dory of one shilling in the pound on salaries and pensions granted by the thirty first of King George the Second; the duties on ihops, on coaches, and other carriages, and wagons and carts, by the twenty sixth of King George the Third; and on horses, by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third, shall be carried to, and constitute.a fund, to be called The Consolidated Pun and the same shall be issued and applied to the uses and purposea hereinafter direlted.

XLVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Boring the That, during the life of his present Majesty, the following

toms, exdfe, and ftanps, and the eve rat duties on hackney coaches, C to be carried to one fond, to be called The consolidated Fund.

jesty, the revenue of the poa office, dec. to be Car vied to the find fund;

branches of revenue shall in like manner be carried to, and

made part of the said fund so by this act created, (that is to say); The revenue of the general letter office, or postoffice, or office of postmaster general; the moneys arising by fines for writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office, after payment of two thousand pounds per annum, by temaly payments of five hundred pounds each, by the receiver thereof, for the charge of the hanaper in the court of chancety; the moneys arising by post fines; the moneys arising by the new dories on licences to retail wine; the moneys arising by sheriffs profit

47

17i7a Anno tkesimo ftpcimo gcoroii III C 13.

nd costpofitions in the axcbcquer, and leisures of prohibited and uncustomed nedij the. room irifing to his Mutfty by rats offends, or for fines of kafcs of the same, or any of them: ind that, from sod after the demifc of hit present Majesty which neve (hom God long prefcrvc), the sum of fem thousand and two hil^maje pounds fourteen Shillings and threepence, out of the moneys demifc. Sec. arising by the new duties on licences to retail wine, referred u to be paid by so id of the thirtieth year of his late majesty King to his Jbccef* the Second, together with the other before mentioned revenues,** except ss heretn after excepted, Aiail he paid and accounted for to the heirs and (ucceffors of his Majesty, in like manner as they were before the passing of an act of the first year of his present Majesty'* reign, entitled, - An as tbt support if bit

jtfij'i heujbou, and of tbt honour ami dignity if tbt triton Great nritain.

XLIX Provided always, and be it further ensiled, That from and after the demile of his present Majesty (whom God long prderve), the sum of two thousand pounds per annum shall continue to be referred and set apart, by termly payments of five hundred pounds each, by the receiver of the moneys arising by writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office, for the charge of the hanaper office in the court of chancery; and that the (urplus of the moneys arising by the new duties on wine licences, above the annual sum of seven thousand and two pounds, fourteen Shillings, and threepence (directed to be paid and accounted for to the heirs and facceflors of his Majesty as aforesaid), shall be carried to, and made part of the find fond, to be called Tie Gmfihdattd Fund.

7 £0x1. las. jd. per ann. to be carried to the Consolidated Is. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the ninth year if

the reign if her late majesty een Anne, intituled, An a(51 for establishing a general poll office for all her majesty's dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof, for the service of the war, and other her majesty's occasions; it was enased, That, from the first day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, one third part of that fnrphts of tbt yearly product arising bp the said Utter er pofi office, or hairs upon poftagt of Utters and packets by the said act granted, over and above the sum of one hundred and eleven thousand four hundred and sixty mt pounds, seventttn billings, and, which was the

asmuut of tbi gross receipt of tbt duties arising by virtue of former offs of parliament, then repealed, for one year ending that twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and, and over and

above thejam of [even hundred pounds a, should reserved for

tbedifpoption of parliament: and whereas by amt her all of parliament made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Ma

jtftj, entitled, An a! for granting to his Majesty certain additional rates of postage for conveyance of letters and packets, by thepost, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for.preventing hands in there venae, carried on by the conveyance of certain (pods in letters and packets; and for further preventing frauds

V d

y

After his ms jesty de mile, aoool per annum to be referred oat of moneys payable in the alienation office, for the charge of the hanaper office.

Surplus of new duties on wine licences a bore Fund.

9 Annie, C 10; and

i4^)eo. j. e 37, recited.

Anno tficefirao septimo georgii III C 1 j. [1787.

and abuses in relation to the Sending and receiving of letters and packets free from pottage; additional rates of poftagt were granted to hit Majesty** and reguktionuwere providedfor the further aug mentation oj.lht revenue of the general letter office or poji office; end by the aid iajhreated'aft it: was enabled That the several rates and duties by the said act granted Shall be paid from time to time into the bands of the receiver*general for the time being of the poji office who shall payout of such rates ana duties (the necessary charges of collet ing* paying^and accounting for the same being sir ft deduced the full dear*and entire; weekly fnm of two thousand three hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, into the receipt of the exchequer for the purposes in tbtfaid aft mentioned upon Tuesday in every week if it be not an holiday and if it be then upon the next day that is not an holiday, as one week Shall fuccejfively and immeii ately follow and fuccced another the first of the said weekly poymtnts to begin and be made on Tuefclay the thirtieth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four > and in case the rates and duties thereby granted Shall not be sufficient to cnfwer the said weekly payments thereby directed to be made that then and so often the it ficiency and deficiencies thereof Shall be applied and made good out of the w/sole receipt of the rates and duties of poflage \ and in case the rates and duties then by granted Shall be more than sufficient to anfwtr the said weekly payments that then and so often as it Shall so happen, the overplus shall be appropriated and applied to such and the Jam uses as the present rates and duties of pojlage are respectively now by kw made applicable: and whereas it appears that the medium product of the revenues of the said general letter office or poll office for two years ending on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred oni eighty seven amounted to the turn of two hundred and seventy eight thousand four hundred and eighty-two pounds seventeen Shillings oni fourpence halfpenny*and the medium produce for two years ending on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four to the sum of one hundred and sixty six thousand six hundred end thirty-one pounds fourteen Shillings which increase was not sufficient to satisfy the sum of two thousand three hundred pounds a week so dir eft ed to be paid into the exchequer by the recited act of the twenty

fourth year of his present Majesty \ be it therefore enabled by the From his Ma authority atorefaid. That, from and after the demise of his pre

teriy into the or April the tilth day ot July and the tenth day ot Uftober* in exchequer each year, the sum of thirty-eight thousand six hundred and postoffice re twenty f|x pounds, eighteen Shillings, and ten pence farthing, venue, to be being the quarterly amount of the several sums of seven hun carried to the dred pounds a week, as directed by the said recited act of the Consolidated ninth year of Queen Anne of one hundred and eleven thousand

eight hundred and fifty-one pounds, three Shillings, and fourpence halfpenny, the annual increase of the pott office revenue in consequence of the act of the twenty-fourth vear of his present Majesty, and of the third part of the sum ot eighteen thou

of the

(and

i7&7-] Anno vicesimo septimo georoti III C 13. 49

fjod seven hundred and sixty nine pounds, fixreen Shillings,

and twopence, being the excess of the medium produce of the

said revenue for two years, ending the fifth day of "January, one

thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, after deducing the

before mentioned sums of seven hundred pounds a week, and

one hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred fifty-one

pounds, three Shillings, and fourpence halfpenny a year; which

quarterly sums of thirty-eight thousand six hundred fwenty sits

pounds, eighteen Shillings, and ten pence farthing, shall, after

the demise of his present Majesty, be carried to and made part

of the fund to be called The Consolidated Fund.

LI And whereas, by an act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for talcing away the court of wards and liveries, Rrcital of 1 % and tenures in Capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, jjjjj fondry4* and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, and a relative byseveral subsequent alls of parliament, certain duties of exeife; (that to the heredi* is to Jay), One hilling and threepence per barrel for beer or ale above tar duties of fix/billings the barrel (not being beer or ale commonly called Table clc^c*

Beer), brewed in that part of Great Britain called England, by the nrnmon brewer, or any other per/on or persons who doth or Shall sell or tap out beer or ale publicly or privatelyr and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity $ threepence per barrel for six billings beer or ale, or under, brewed in that part of Great Britain called England, by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who doth or ball fell or tap out /uch beer or ale publicly or privately, and ft proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity; threepence three fsrthings hnd five twentieth parts of a farthing per barrel for such beer or ale above six billings the barrel (exclusive of the duty of ex eife) and not exceeding eleven billings (excluftve of such duty) com manly called Table Beer, brewed as afore said, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity 5 three billings per barrel for beer or ale imported into that part of Great Britain called England from beyond the /eas; one hilling and threepence per hog/bead for cyder or firry made and sold by retail in that part of Great Britain called England, and Jo proportionably for a greater or lesser measure; fivi fallings per tonne for cyder or perry imported into that part of Great

called England from beyond the seas, and so proportionably

fer a greater or lesser quantity; one halfpenny per gallon for metheglin

tr mad sold in that part of Great Britain called England; one fb'tl

ling and threepence per hog/bead for verjuice made for sale within

that part of Great Britain called England; sixpence per barrel for

vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, brewed or

made within that part of Great Britain called England, for sale,

love been granted to the King's majesty, hit heirs and successors, for

ever: and whereas the said hereditary duties of exeife were, by an act

node he the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, carried to, 1 Geo. 3. C ty

onl made part of the aggregate fund, for and during the term of the

natural life cf his said present Majesty 5 which duties are hereby re

field, and other duties granted in lieu thereof: and whereas certain

other hereditary duties of exeife were also in like manner granted to

II Car. 2. C 13.

9 Geo, C 23..

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13.' £ 1787;

the King's majesty, ai fo/rj <2/7// successors, for ever, by the said act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second \ (that is to say One penny per gallon for strong^ water,

or Aqua Vitae, made and sold in that part of Great Britain called England; twopence per gallon for spirits made in that part of Great Britain called England, of any kind of wine or cyder imported into that part of Great Britain called England; and four pence per gallon for strong waters, perfectly made, imported into that part of Great Britain called England from beyond the seas \ were afterwards, by another act of parliament, made in the ninth year of his late ma jejiy, carried io and made part of the aggregate fund, and a certain sum therein mentioned was by that act directed to be paid to his said late Majesty, out of the aggregate fund, in lieu thereof9towards the service of his Majesty's household and family, and other his expenses and occaftons: and whereas it is expedient to provide, that on the demise of his preftnt Majesty (whom God long preserve)9 a sum of money Should, at the end of every quarter, bp Jet apart in the ex chequer, equal to the sum which the whole of the said hereditary duties of excise would amount to, to be applied to the like purposes to which the same would have been applicable if neither of the said acts made in the ninth year of his said late Majesty, and in the first year of the reign of his prejent Majesty, nor this act had been made; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of excise in England shall compute the exact sums to which the whole of the said hereditary duties of excise would amount, if the same had not been repealed or altered by the said the amount of a made in the ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, d^tievofex^ or by L s a and a transmit an account thereof, quarterly, cife to the ex nt the receipt of the exchequer; and the proper officers of the chequer, said receipt of exchequer are hereby directed to set apart, out of

where the the duties of excise by this act imposed, at the end of every

?e°fetv8art <luarter>from ad immediately after the demise of Jiis present after his Ma Majesty, such a sum of money as it shall appear, by the said ac jesty'sdemise, count so transmitted, the whole of the said hereditary duties of and paid to excise would have amounted to, within such quarter respecfcively, his successors. ancj the same shall be paid to the successors of the King's majesty for ever hereafter, in lieu of the several rates, impofitions/dd ties, and charges, which were directed to be paid to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, by the before recited act of the twelfth year of his late majesty King Charles the Second.

LIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From May to, That all other public moneys, and all arrears of any the duties nl/paid?nto or revenue repealed by this act, and a!fo all casual revenues the exche (except such moneys as shall be repaid by any officer or officers quer, and not of his majesty's civil government, as the balance of such offi otherwise ap ccr's account, or otherwise) which, after the tenth day of May berried to onc ^oufand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall arise and be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, not being particularly appropriated or appointed to any use or uses, by any act or acts of parliament made or to be made, shall be carried to, and made part of, the said fund to be called The Consolidated Fund.

LIII Ani

commissioners of excise to transmit quarterly an account of

the consolidated fund.

4

ijs; .] Anno vk&simo ftptirho grorgii III C 13. 51

LIU. And whereas fandry annuities were established and made Recital of payable at the receipt of his Majtftys exchequer, for lives and terms cf years, in pursuance offever al acts of parliament, made and passed annuitiel^on in the fourth and ffth years of the rtign of King William and ^ueen lives or tcrrai Mary, of the twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, of years; and of the fuond, third fourth, fifth, and sixth years of the reign of 4 ad

j^v/«ranne, and fiveral subsequent and other acts of parliament, ^'w.andm. urtsis ports whereof were, in pursuance of an act of the sixth year of C 5.^1694. the reign of King George the First, subscribed into the capital or n VV. j.c. XI jointfiock of the South Sea company, and of which said annuities for 17^6. lives and long terms there remained unredeemed, and payable at the*3 1704. receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of January, one thousand j'aml 4 QA. even hundred and eighty seven, Jundry annuities, amounting together C 4.1706. to ike annual sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand six hundred 4 Qi A. C 6. and forty-nine pounds, four shillings, and eight pence, including the C charges for the salaries and allowances to the officers of the said ex f^g.*chequer, sir executing the business of the fiid annuities, besides which 6 Q. A. C 5 & annuities there has been granted and made payable at the receipt of 11*1708. the exchequer, by an al of the fifth year of the reign of his present 4*

Mojefiy, the annual sum offive hundred and forty pounds for annui g^4' 494*tits on lives, with the benefit of survivorship: and whereas, by the Annuities for o5js of the eighteenth, nineteenth, and thirtieth years of the reign of with be his late mojefiy King George the Second, and of the eighteenth^nineteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, sundry annuities l£cj

were granted and made payable at the said receipt of the exchequer 5401". per ann. for fengle lives, of which there were Jlanding out on the fifth day of 18 G. ». C 9. January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the sum of ia, cia sixty seven thousand two hundred and ninety six pounds, eleven Jhil Jg q 3. C ai lings, and seven pence per annum: and whereas there remains due 19g! 3* C 18* endowing to the governor and company of merchants of Great Bri 67, 4961. its. tain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, com ann

vmly called The South Sea Company, the principal sum of twenty soutvsea C fix\r millions and sixty five thousand and eighty-four pounds, thirteen company, failings, and eleven pence halfpenny, remaining unredeemed of their 44, 065, 084b original capital, and of the subscriptions taken into their capital, pur i39* nd i juant to certain als of parliament of the fifth and sixth years of the 7^, 9<sii*ioa# rtign of King George the First, the annual sums payable to the said, 38# company, in rejpe5l of the same, being the sum of seven hundred and ad twenty-one thousand nine hundred and fifty-two pounds, ten Billings, end nine pence, for annuity, and the Jum of fourteen thousand and twenty-two pounds, three Billings and twopence, for charges of ma Charges per nogement, amounting together to the sum of seven hundred and thirty ann 735>974h five thousand nine hundred and seventy four pounds, thirteen Billings, li8' J: ld and eleven pence per annum 5 and there is also due and owing to the nuities pu governor and company of the bank, of England the sum of four mil chased by the lions, pur chased by them of the governor and company of merchants bank,

Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of Arne 4, ooo, oool. rica, for which they are entitled to the annual sum of one hundred per ann! and twenty-one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight pounds, three 5 fallings, and five pence: and whereas, in pursuance ofjundry als of Debt to the parliament, there also remains due and owing to the said governor and bank ot En

E 2 company'*'

an

ur

ST raftno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [1787*

7, 686, 8doi. company of the bank of England, the principal sum of seven millions six hundred and eighty six thousand eight hundred pounds, for and an account of moneys advanced at several times, in pursuance of sundry acts of parliament, for the benefit and use of the publicly for which34, 6041. per there is payable to them, in respect of the same, the annual Jum of two Debt to the hundred and thirty four thousand six hundred and four pounds: and east-india whereas there likewi/e remains due and owing from the public to the company, united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, 3**oo, oool. the principal sum of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, being

1, 000, oool. the amount of their capital stock, and the further Jum of one million, advanced by the said company, pursuant to an act of parliament of the 17 G. a. C 17. sevent tenth year of the reign of his maiefiy King George the Second, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four, making together the principal sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, for which the said company are entitled to the annuity of

116.0001. one hundred and twenty six thousand pounds, and to the sum of one

1, 6871.101. thousand six hundred and eighty seven pounds, ten jbilungs, for charges

per ann. managmgnty mahng together the sum of one hundred and twenty

seven thousand six hundred and eighty seven pounds, ten Billings per Three per annum: and whereas, in pursuance of an act of parliament of the tfes^ranted ltar f re*gn jf King'gtorge the First, one million in

by anaft of annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, were granted a Geo. 1. and made payable and transferable at the bank of England, and C. upon a deduction, not exceeding sixpence in the pound, out of

all payments from the crown, the pay of eommissioned and non com mijfioned officers and private men, ftrving in the army and navy, ex

30.0001. cep ted, the annuity upon which Jatd one million amounts to thirty charges 4jol. thousand pounds, and the charges of management, on the fifth day of per ann. January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, amounted to

the sum offour hundred and fifty pounds, making in the whole the sum Three per of thirty thousand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum: and cent, annul whereas, in pursuance of an act of the twenty fourth year of the reign by^geo. a. esau majesb. King George the Second, the sum of two millions C a.*one hundred thousand pounds was borrowed for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty enr, videlicet, one million four hundred thousand pounds by annuities at three pounds per centum per annum, and seven hundred thousand pounds by a lottery, attended with the like three pounds per centum annuities, which were made payable and transferrable at the South Sea bostfe; which sum, by the it G. 3. C 6 % . redemption of one hundred and eighty thousand four hundred pounds,

14 G. 3. C 76. subscribed in pursuance of certain acts of parliament of the twelfth,

15 G. C 41*fourteenth, and fifteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, is re 1, 919, 600!. duced to the principal sum of one million nine hundred and nineteen

thousand six hundred pounds, and the annuity payable for the same to fifty seven thousand five hundred and eighty eight pounds per annum. Charges and the charges of management payable to the South Sea company 58, 0481. is. from the fifth day of] anuary, one thousand seven hundred and eighty

pd. per ann. fiven, to one thousand and sixty pounds, one shilling and nine pence, making in the whole the sum of fifty tight thousand six hundred and Three per forty-eight pounds, one shilling, and nine pence per annum: and cent, annui whereas, by and in pursuance of two acts of par\iamenty made and

passed

1787.3 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. 53

faffed in the twmty fifth and twenty sixth years of the reign of his tfeiconfoli

kte majtfiy King George the Seeondy sundry annuities, after the rate

of three pounds per centum, amounting to the principal sum of nine

millions one hundred thirty seven thousand eight hundred and twenty theincrrmcof

one pounds five fallings, and one penny farthingy were conjolidated that flock by

and made one capital or jointfiock of annuities y pay able and transfer rable fandry fubfe

at the hank of England, in the manner in the said abis particularly j c

ment/oned and directedy which said capital or joint ftotky in pursuance a q.i. C 13!

of severed subsequent d&s of parliamenty hath been tncreased to the

amount of one hundred and seven millions three hundred and ninety 107, 309, 696!*

nine thousand six hundred and ninety six pounds y five jhillingsy and one*, CL

penny fartbingy (exclusive of the sum of one million five hundred and (ii5»9>8251*)

twenty-nine thousand eight hundred and twenty-five poundsy redeemed

in pursuance of certain acts of parliament of the twelfthy fourteenth,

and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty) the annuity

whereupon amounts to the sum of three millions two hundred and

twenty-one thousand nine hundred and ninety poundsy seventeen

fallingsy and nine pencey and the charges of management, on the fifth 14 0.3. C 63.

day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fieveny amount 14

ed to the sum cf forty eight thousand two hundred and sixty pounds,

two jhillingsy and threepence y making in the whole the sum of three \\ % . 9'd.

millions two hundred and seventy thousand two hundred and fifty-one 48, 160!. is.

pounds per annum: and whertasy by the said a his of the twenty fifth

and twentyfixth years of the reign of his said late maje/ly King an"

George the Second, certain annul tie Sy which with the consent of the

proprietors of the same were reduced from four pounds per centum,

to three pounds ten fallings per centum, and to three pounds per

centum, in pursuance of two abis of parliament of the twenty-third 13 G. 1. C X

year of the reign of his said late Majesljy from the refpeblive times in & 2z

the said abis particularly mentionedy were also directed to be consolidated

into one capital or joint flock of annul tiesy payable and transferrable

at the said bank of England, videlicet, the sum of fourteen 14, 984, 455!.

millions nine hundred and eighty-four thousand four hundred and fifty

five pound, eighteen jhillingsy and fourpence, the amount of the firstlu

subscription in pursuance of the first of the said a his of the twenty

third year of the reign of his said late Majesty \ and the sum of two 1, 716, 867!.

millions seven hundred and sixteen thousand eight hundred and sixty lub*

seven poundsy eighteen fbilllingsy the amount of the subscription in pur

fiance of the feconi of the said abtsy making together the principal sum

of seventeen millions seven hundred and one thousand three hundred7, 701, 313!.

arid twenty-three poundsy sixteen jhillingsy and'four pence; which 4d. rt

principal or capital stock ofannuities is diflinguijhed by the appellation

Reduced Annuities, and hasy by the ath of the fifth and twenty £

first years of the rfign of his frefint Majesty, been increased to the 21 G. 3. C m.

fkm of thirty seven millions three hundred and forty thousand and ]ncvrm^'f

fevety three poundsy sixteen jhillingsy and four pe: cey (exclusive cf ^'344°j°"3'

the sum of eight hundred and twenty-nine thousand five hundred and X'9, 5; !. t

fiftp poundsy redeemed by virtue of the before mentioned atu of the the red.

twelfthy fourteenthy and fifteenth years of his present Majesty s reigny)

the annuity whereupon amounts to the sum of one million one hundred 4jv 3*aa!, ll

and twenty thousand two hundred and two poundsy four fallings, and

£ 3 hut

^

54

Charges wt6.737i. os. lod. per ann.

Four percent.

confoiidated

annuities,

*7 0. 3. c.46. aog. C 16.

3h G. 3, C 14. ai G. C 8.3 G 3. C 35. and 14 G. 3. C IO.

*7», 75o, 0O0l.

Annuity thereon and charges,

10s. per ann.

Five percent, annuities, ag. 3- C 39. % 5 G 3* C 3*.

*7, 869, 9931. 98. iod. Annuity and charges per ann.

90i, 54il. 3*-4d. aq.

Lopg annuities,

1 G. 3. C 7. a G. 3. C 10. aoq. C 16. ag. 3. C 8.3 G. C 35. m.p.. 3. C 10.

680, 375!* 7, 654!. 48- 4d. aq. per «tnp.

Annuities ranted by 17 Gto. 3 C 46-

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [1787;

threee pence, W the charges of management amounted, ot ffo fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fieven, yz*

thousand seven hundred and thirty seven pounds, tf/zd ten pence making in the whole the sum of one million one hundred and thirty-six thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine pounds, five Billings and one penny per annum: and whereas, by several acts of parliament of the seventeenth, twentieth, twenty sir ft, twenty second, twenty third and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty s reign certain annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, have been grant edy and confoiidated into one capital or joint flock of four pounds per centum annuities, payable and transferrable at the said bank of England, amounting in the whole to the principal sum of thirty-two millions seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, the annuity whereupon amounts to the sum of one million three hundred and ten thousand pounds, and the charges of management amounted on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven to fourteen thousand seven hundred and thirty seven pounds, ten Billings making in the whole the sum of one million three hundred and twenty-four thousand seven hundred and thirty seven pounds, ten Billings per annum: and whereas, by certain a his of parliament, of the twenty-fourth and twenty fifth years of his said present maje/iy's reign certain annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum, have been sflablished* and made one capital or joint flock of five pounds per centum annuities payable and transferrable at the bank of England, amounting in the whole to the sum of seventeen millions eight hundred and sixty nine thousand nine hundred and ninety three pounds nine Billings; and ten pence; which said annuities were granted to satisfy certain navy, viilualling* and transport bills, and ordnance debentures; the annuity whereupon amounts to eight hundred and ninety three thousand four hundred and ninety-nine pounds thirteen fbillingsy and five pence halfpenny? and the charges of management amounted, on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven y to eight thousand and forty-one poundsy nine Billings and eleven pern By making in the whole the sum of nine hundred and one thousand five hundred and forty-one poundsy three Billings and fourpence halfpenny per annum: and whereas, by several acts of parliament, of the first, second twentieth, twenty fetond, twenty third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty'sundry annuities vere granted, for the terms of ninety nine ninety eight eighty, seventy eight, and seventy seven years and of seventy five years and six months which several annuities have in purfuante of several acts of parliament of the fourth twentieth twenty j'econd* twenty third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his said Majesty* been confoiidated and made one joint flock of annuities, payable and transferrable at the said bank of England, under the denomination of Long Annuities, and amount together to the annual sum of six hundred end eighty thousand three hundred and seventy five pounds exclufve of the sum of seven thousand six hundred and fifty-four pounds four findings, and fourpence halfpenny per annum, pa)able to the bank of England for management of the same: and whereas by an act of the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, an annuity after r. ; 'the

55

lyjfy*! Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 13.

the rate of ten fallings per centum, was granted to the subscribers cf five millions borrowed for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred end seven tyfevert, to have continuance for ten years, from the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy sevent and then to tease, which annuities were made payable and transferrable at the bank of England, and amount to twenty-five thousand pounds »5*oooi. per per annum, exclusive of the annual sum of two hundred and eighty one jsj]9. funds, five fallings, payable to the said bank of England for the $$. 1

(barges of management of the same: and whereas, by certain arts of Annuities the eighteenth and nineteenth yean of the reign of his present Ma granted by jefly, certain annuities were granted for the terms of thirty and twen and

ty nine years, which, by the said act of the nineteenth year of his said Qeo. j.

Majestfs reign, were directed to be consolidated and made one capital C & 18. er joint flock of annuities, payable and transferrable at the bank of r 30 and 29 England, and amounting together to the sum of four hundred and y*ar* j fm thousand three hundred and thirty-one pounds, eight fallings, and per anni fat'pme per annum, exclusive of the annual sum of four thousand Charge fw hundred and forty-eight pounds, fourteen fallings, andsixpence 4.548*. 14** halfpenny, payable to the bank of England for management of the h same: in order therefore to secure the regular, certain, and pun final ftjmtntof the before'mentioned several annuities, and the expenses. attending the same, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, From July j, (torn and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun* U a*v dred and eighfy seven, all the several and respective annuities "barges due hert/n before particularly mentioned and described, and all the from the pub charges and expenses attending the same, shall be charged and lick, to be chargeable upon, and be paid and payable out of, all or any of pavableontof the taxes, duties, and revenues, composing the fund created by this a & to be called The Consolidated Fund 5 and that the said con validated fund shall from thenceforth be charged and chargeable with, and subjedfc and liable to, the payment of the same, in kb order and manner as is herein after particularly directed;

(that is to say). That all the several and respective annuities for Annuities for litre or long terms, payable at the receipt of his majesty's ex lives or long chequer, granted and established by virtue of all or any actor ^le'at^he" f acts of parliament herein before recited, or by virtue of any act exchequer, to, j wads granting such annuities out of any public funds, tax, be paid out of ?\ duty, or revenue, and made payable there, in respect of any the said fund, \ sum or sums of money advanced and paid by any person or persans,

natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, in pur the man. I faance of any act or acts of parliament, for the use and service ner, as here i of the public, shall, from thenceforth, be paid and satisfied by totore. and out of all or any the taxes, duties, and revenues composing the said consolidated fund (except as herein after excepted) at j the same time and times, and in the same and like manner, as the same annuities have been usually paid and payable.

L1V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

, ! out of all or any the taxes, duties, and revenues, com Out of the J poling the said fund, except as herein after excepted, there shall fa, (tun next beissued, paid, or set apart, in equal sums each quarter, nfued °quar ihc several sums due in respect of the annuities and charges fol teriv, the an

lowing; nuitiesdue to

e

5<>^ Anno vjcegmo septimo georgii III C 13j [1787

the South Sea lowing; (that is to say), First, the whole of the sums due fa the'oank*and le annu^y> charges, and allowances, payable to the South St to^heeafum company, as well in respect of their capital stock, as of tubfcripfi diacompany, tions into their capita), pursuant to the acts of the fifth and fixed years of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, r maining unredeemed, amounting in the whole to the princip; sum of twenty-four millions jixty five thousand and eighty sot pounds, eighteen Shillings, and eleven pence halfpenny; nex the whole of the sum due for the annuity, charges, and allow ances, payable to the governor and company of the bank England in respect of the sum of four millions, purchased b; them of the South Sea company as aforesaid, as well as in refpef of the aforementioned sum opseven millions six hundred eighty! six thousand eight hundred pounds, advanced by them, in pursuance of several acts of parliament, for the use of the publieke and next the whole of the sum due for the annuity, charges, anl allowances, payable to the united company or merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in respect of the capital oj joint (lock of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, well as of the principal sum of one million, advanced by the said company in pursuance of an act of the seventeenth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second. Enumeration J, V And whereas it appears, that the payment of the three peunis

of the average per centum consolidated annuities, of the four pounds per centum produce of consolidated annuities, of the annuities granted for terms of yearly the duties ap which will expire in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred propriated and eighty and one thousand eight hundred and sixty; the annuities towards pay for hvisy which were granted pursuant to acts of the eighteenth and percent coo ninetein(h >'iars of his present Majesty; and the five pounds per cen folidattd an tum annuitiesy subscribed for the navy and ordnance debt, are secured nuities, C partly on the sinking fund, and partly on certain duties appropriated to satisfy andpay the same; the amount of which appropriated duties*appears to have been, on an average, as follows \ videlicet, on tkt 499*671!. 58. fifth day of January, four hundred and ninety-nine thousand six bun yd. 3q. ang fiventy one poundsy five Billings and seven-perite three far

thingsy applicable to the payment of the three pounds per centum con 3, 187!. 9s. 3d. solid'jted annuities, three thousand two hundred and eighty seven al poundiy nine billings, and threepence balfpenny, to the abovemen*

411, 104!. 138. tioned annuities for lively and two hundred and twenty one thousand d. two hundred and four poundiy thirteen billings and nine pence, to the

abovementioned five pounds per centuih annuities; on the fifth day 360, 4711. is. of April, three hundred and sixty thousand four hundred and J event yd. iq. one p0uvj^ eighteen billings, and seven pence halfpenny, applicable to 114.940). a, the payment of the four pounds per centum consolidated annuities; one 6d. iq. hundred and fourteen thousand nine hundred and forty poundiy two 147, 341!. 16s. filings, and sixpence farthing, and one hundred and fortyftven then 3; find three hundred and forty-two pounds, fixed een billings, and threepence,

to tl e payment refpeflivtly of the annuities for terms of years, which ivlll expire in the years of our Lord one thousand eight hundred 468 579i. 19. €l^ht, and one thousand eight hundred and sixty; on the fifth day id. of ju*y, four hundred and sixty eight thousand five hundred and

17s7] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13.

bunty nine pounds, cne billings and one penny, applicable to the pay mt of the three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, two thou knd eight hundred pounds to the abovementioned annuities for lives, pti two hundred and six teen thousand five hundred and forty six hands, and twopence farthings to the abovementioned five pounds per centum annuities; on the tenth day of october, four hundred end ferty seven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two pounds, three sittings, and five pence, applicable to the payment of the four pounds per centum consolidated annuities, and one hundred and sixty eight tbcofsnd seven hundred and eighty-four pounds, ten Billings, and one ifirfff farthing, and cne hundred and ninety thousand and sixty nine fssmds, fifteen billings, and threepence three farthings, applicable u the payment respectively of the annuities for terms of years, which fviil expire in the years of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eight, and one thousand eight hundred and sixty: in order, therefore, Ufeatre (if nectssary) the appropriation of feparaie sums, equal to the average produce of the said duties, in the several quarters respectively, f; r therespective purposes before mentioned, be it enabled. That before any sum or sums are issued, at the end of each quarter, out of any of the taxes, duties, or revenues, competing the said fund, to be called The Consolidated Fund, there shall be set apart, by the proper officer of the exchequer, at the expiration of the quarter ending the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and in every subsequent year, (except as herein xfter is provided), the sum of six hundred and eighty seven thousand nine hundred and twenty-five pounds, one hii ling, and threepence farthing, which shall be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be paid and distributed by them as follows; videlicet, the sum of four hundred and sixty eight thousand five hundred and seventy nine pounds, one shilling, and one penny, towards the payment of three pounds per centum consolidated annuities; and two thou find eight hundred pounds, towards the payment of the before mentioned annuities on lives; and two hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred and forty six pounds, and twopence farthing, towards the payment of the before mentioned five pounds firunlum annuities: and that there shall be set apart and issued in like manner, at the expiration of the quarter ending the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and in every subsequent year, except as herein after is provided, the sum of eight hundred and six thousand six hundred and fe vemy flx pounds, eight Shillings, and ten pence, to be paid and flflnbuted as follows; videlicet, the sum of four hundred and fcty leven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two pounds, three Shillings, and five pence, towards the payment of four pounds per centum consolidated annuities; one hundred and six i ty eight thousand seven hundred and eighty-four pounds, ten Shillings, and one penny farthing, towards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and eight; and one hundred and ninety thousand and sixty nine pounds, fifteen Shillings, and threepence three farthings, to

^

vjock^ic

57

a, col.

116, 5461. 09. id. iq.

447»8lll. 39.

168, 7841. 109. od. iq.

190, 069!. 159, 3d. 3q.

Before issuing any money out of the Consolidated Fund at the end of each quarter, there is to be set apart the sums herein specified towards payment of the percent, consolidated annuities, C which is to be paid to the bank, to be distributed as herein specified;

5 July. 1787.

468, 579!. 18. id percent, consolidated annuities. i, 8ool. annuities on lives. 216, 5461. os. id. iq. 5 percent, annuities.

10 0(51. 1787.

447>8nl. 33. 5d. 4 percent, consolidated annuities.

168, 7841.109.

id.iq.annuities to expire in 1808. 190, 069}. 15s. 3d. p annui

ties to expire in 1860.

5 Jan. 1788.

499»*7il* 5«-7d. 3q. 3 percent, consolidated annuities.

3, 187!- 9* 3<*. aq. annuities for lives. 311, 1041* 138. 9d. 5 percent, annuities

$ 1788,

360, 47 «1.18s.

7d. aq. 4 percent, consolidated annuities.

114, 940!. is.

6d. iq. annuities expiring in 1808. i47, 34il. t6s. 3d. annuities cxpirtngx86o.

and all other sums due quarterly for annuities, C to be paid out of the confo lidated fund.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [r 7s7.

wards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and sixty: and that there shall be set apart and issued in like manner, at the expiration of the quarter ending the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and in every subsequent year, except as hereinafter provided, the sum of seven hundred and twenty-four thousand one hundred and sixty three pounds, eight Shillings, and eight pence farthing, to be distributed as follows; videlicet, four hundred and ninety-nine thousand six hundred and seventy one pounds, five Shillings, and seven pence three farthings, towards the payment of three pounds per centum consolidated annuities; three thousand two hundred and eighty seven pounds, nine Shillings, and threepence halfpenny, towards the payment of the before mentioned annuities for lives and two hundred and twenty-one thousand two hundred and four pounds, thirteen Shillings, and nine pence, towards the payment of the before mentioned five pounds per centum annuities: and at the expiration of the quarter ending the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and in every subsequent year, (except as herein after provided), the sum of six hundred and twenty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty-four pounds, seventeen Shillings, and fourpence three farthings, to be paid and distributed as follows; videlicet, the sum of three hundred and sixty thousand four hundred and seventy one pounds, eighteen shillings, and seven pence halfpenny, towards the payment of four pounds per centum consolidated annuities; one hundred and fourteen thousand nine hundred and forty pounds, two Shillings, and sixpence farthing, towards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and eight; and one hundred and forty seven thousand three hundred and forty-two pounds, sixteen Shillings, and threepence, towards the payment of annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and sixty: and that all other sums which shall be due and payable at the end of each quarter, in respect of any of the said annuities, or the charges thereof, over and above the sums directed to be particularly let apart and appropriated according to the averages of duties heretofore specifically appropriated as aforesaid, and also all sums which shall be due and payable at the end of each quarter in respect of any of the annuities or charges thereof, the payment of which is now secured on the fund commonly called "the Sinking Fund, shall be respectively issued, paid, and set apart, out of all or any the taxes, revenues, and duties composing the said fund to be called The Consolidated Fund, at the times when the said sums shall respectively become due, without any preference or priority, next after the sums herein before directed to be issued, paid, and set apart for satisfying the sums several ly due quarterly to the proprietors of annuities for lives or long terms, payable at the receipt of the exchequer, to the South Sea company, to the governor and company of the bank of England, and to the united company of merchants of England trading 10 the East Indies,

LVI prq

t77*1 Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 13. 59

LVI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, From July s from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun7*7 the drcdandeighty seven, instead of setting apart and appropriating Jicfor the$t such Turns at the end of each quarter, to be separately and re percent, an spectively applied as herein before directed, according to the nuitiei, CC averages of the duties heretofore specifically appropriated as mat»with the aforesaid, the whole of the moneys which shall become due and ^oprkton^ payable for the before mentioned three pounds per centum con {£ fobdited annuities, the four pounds per centum consolidated an of the confo nuiues, the annuities for terms of years which will expire in lidatedfund; the years of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eight, and one thousand eight hundred and sixty, the annuities for lives which were granted pursuant to the acts of the eighteenth and nineteenth year of his present Majesty, and the before mentioned five pounds per centum annuities, shall, at the end of each quarter, with the consent of the proprietors of the said funds, be issued, paid, or set apart, out of all or any of the taxes, duties, or revenues composing the said fund, in the same manner as is herein lad before directed with respect to such sums as may be due and payable at the end of each quarter, in respect of any of the said annuities, or the charges thereof, over and above the sums which may be particularly let apart and appropriated as aforesaid, so long as the same shall continue to be so set apart and appropriated by virtue of this act.

LVII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That unless and unlefsa any one or more of the proprietors of any of the said recited ^[°ijricto^ annuities shall have, previoufiy to the first day of June, one JJ thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, signified his diflent, thereto to the to the governor and company of the bank of England, in writ bankbyjunei, ing, in a book to be kept for that purpose, he or they shall be hc deemed to have consented, and all the said moneys shall be have^on issued, paid, and set apart, as herein last before directed. fented.

LVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if at any future day or time, at which any annuity or an Whenever the nuities shall become due and payable, the produce of the several jonf°]jdated duties composing the said fund, called The Consolidated Fund, [nfuffidentto ethbiilhed by this act, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay pay the anal! the annuities and other charges that shall become due and nuities, C payable on any quarterly or other day of payment, the commis the treasury lioners of his majesty's treasury now being, or any three or 2^ ^edefi more of them, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of ciency out of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall, and the fuppliee in every such case are hereby authorised, empowered, and re for that year, quired, out of any money which shall then be remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of aids or supplies that shall have been o?anycfuture granted to his Majesty for the service of the year in which such furpius of the deficiency shall happen, to apply such sum and sums of money said fund, as shall be sufficient fully and completely to answer and make good such deficiency, so that the public creditor may by no means whatsoever be disappointed of receiving his whole annuity nr demand on the public; and all such sum and sums of mo

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C i. [17s7;

ney, so issued out of any of the said aids or supplies, for the purposes aforesaid, shall be replaced to the service or services to which the same may have been appropriated by parliament, out of the next or any future quarter's surplus of the income of the duties and revenues composing the said consolidated fund; any act or acts of parliament, or any clause of clauses contained in any act or acts of parliament, for the application of the surplus of the said fund, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and the commissioners of his majesty's treasury now being, or, any three or more of them, or the high treasurer, or any three

or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby directed, authorised, and required, to cause the same to be issued and applied accordingly; and the commissioners of his majesty's treasury now being, or the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, shall and may, from time to time, cause to be issued at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, the fev«ral*and respective annuities, and other sums, payable out of the taxes, duties, and revenues compoiing the said fund, or out of moneys applicable to the supplies of the year, in the manner and at the times by this act directed.

LIX And whereas, by an act of the laji session of parliament, % 6 Geo. 3, entitled, An act sot vetting certain sums in commissioners, at C recitc the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt, it was provided, that the sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds ball, at the end of each quarter, ending the fijth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, respectively, in every year be issued or fet opart* at his Majesty's receipt of exchequer for the purpoje and in the manner by the said act directed; and further provisions were made in the said act for the application as well of the said sum vf two hundred and fifty thousand pounds as of other sums directed to be placed from time to time to the account of the said commissioners; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds shall be set apart, out of the taxes, duties, and revenues composing the consolidated fund created by this act, at the same times, and in the same manner, and fct apart at the subject to the like regulations and provisions as the same was quarterlyf to directed by the said act to be issued or set apart out of the fur be set apart piasses, excesses, and overplus moneys, composing the sinking out of the fund; and that all the sums due in respect of such principal or consolidated capital stock of public annuities as shall be redeemed by virtue provisions of^a*e thereby dire died to be transferred

that.adr to to the account of the said commissioners, and also in respect of continue in any annuities, the terms of which shall have expired, and the tpree. moneys now payable thereupon, which are likewise by the said

act directed to be placed to the account of the said commissioners, shall be issued or set apart out of the taxes, duties, or revenues,

and from Jti It 5.787, tbc sum of950, 0001. thereby directed to be

1787*] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. 6$

venues, composing the said fund created by this all, in the same manner as if such principal or capital stock of public annuities had not been redeemed, or as if the terms of such annuities respectively had not expired; and that all other regulations and provisions contained in the said act shall remain and be in full force, as if the same were repeated and re enacted in this act.

LX Ad whereas, in pursuance of sundry atts of parliament of Recital of Aa the fourth and fifth years of the reign of King William and Queen under which Mary, end if the eighteenth, nineteenth, and thirtieth years of the nt apart rag if his late majesty King George the Second, and several other for payment 6ndsubsequent acts of parliament, certain sums of money are reserved of life anniit cndfet apart, at the receipt of the exchequer, for the payment of an hcs which cities on lives payable there: and whereas it appears that the sum of*

thirty four thousand eight hundred and ninety-two pounds, and seven 4 y,. Sc M. pence, was remaining, on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven C 3.' hundred and eighty seven, in the said receipt of exchequer, unde 5 W. & M mended and unclaimed, but no certificates of the deaths of the respec°*

the per sins for whom the same had been reserved, have been returned \9oto. % x.xi into the exchequer, notifying the deaths of the nominees, according to 30Gc0.vc.19! the directions contained in the several alls of parliament for granting 34.891l.03.7d. sith annuities on lives: and whereas, from the length of time the said the exche 1muities have remained unclaimed, there is great reason to conclude jjgy. #*that the nominees for whose lives the same were granted, or the greater port of them, are dead; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all such sum and sums of money as shall or may From May to, remain in the said receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of 1787* ad mo january, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, which nies reserved hath or have "been reserved for the payment of any annuity or ^annuwes annuities for life or lives, granted as aforesaid, which hath or on lives which hate not been claimed for the space of three years antecedent to shall not have the said fifth day of January, shall, on or before the tenth day been claimed of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be paid p^ortdjan* to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be 17*7, or which placed to the account of the commissioners appointed, purfuan* shall thcreaf* totheabovementioned ah of the last fclfion of parliament, for tfr.no^ testing certain sums in commissioners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the redultion of the nato be placed tiooal debt; and that, from and after the fifth day of January, to the account one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, any and every com" annuity payable at the receipt of the exchequer for terms of tte

Jrves, which annuity shall not have been claimed or demanded national debt, for the space of three years, shall be deemed and taken to have expired, and the money due or to become due in refpell of the same shall be paid over to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be applied for the purposes direlted by the aforementioned all, towards the redullion of the national debt sod the officers of the exchequer are hereby direlled and re The exche qoired, on or before the fifth day oi april, in every year, to quer to trans makeup and transmit to the commissioners of the treasury, or ^1^1^ the lord high treasurer, for the time being, an account or cer account of ao uir ttcof the tuns fallen in by deaths, including such unclaimed nuities fallen

, t sums in by death,

61 Anno vicclimo septimo Georgii ITI. C 13. [ 1787*

or unclaimed Aims as aforesaid; and the said commissioners of the treafory, for three or any three or more of them, now being, or the lord high trea years, to the furcr or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are a^e to^ause hereby authorised, empowered, and required, as often as such the same to life annuities shall fall in, or any annuities for terms of years, be placed to payable at the said receipt of exchequer or the bank of England, the account granted by any act or acts of parliament whatsoever, for pay edmmission ment f annuities for lives or terms of years, shall determine, era. " pursuant to the directions contained therein, to cause such annuity or annuities to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, pursuant to the true intent and meaning of this present act, and of the aforementioned act of the last session of parliament, for veiling certain sums in comrtiiffioners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt.

LXI Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority If any claim aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any future time ants of annui appear, and demand any annuity so paid to the governor and priated*£ mild company f lhe bank of England, as aforesaid, to which such thereafter ap person or persons is or are, or would have been, entitled, if this pear, they are act had not been palied, such sum or sums of money as shall to be paid out appear to be due and owing to him, her, or them, shall be im f ^hcawefor mc(aately Paid, 0411 f any money remaining in the receipt of the payment exchequer, that may be applied for the payment of any annui of annuities, ties on lives, or for any other annuities payable there.

LXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All clauses That all and every the clauses and provisoes contained in any aonta[ncdf<in8 a or as parl*ament> whether those relating to the several any a its rear respective annuities and other charges aforementioned, lating to the which were made payable and transferrable at the bank of eng public debt, fond, or to such annuities and other sums as are payable to the auered*1 tin Arid g°vcrnor an<l company of the bank of England in their own continue in right in respect of any sum or sums of money advanced by them force. for the use of the public, or otherwise, or to the annuities

payable to the said company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, or to the united company of merchants trading to the East Indies, or to the several and respective annuities for lives or terms of years, payable at the exchequer, and the charges and expenses attending the same, shall be and remain in full force and efsect, as well with respect to the notices and priorities of redemption of the said several annuities, as to the expenses and charges of management attending the same, in all matters and things whatsoever where the same shall not have been altered by this actor other provision made in lieu thereof, as fully as if the same had beea repeated and re enacted in this act.

LXIII And whereas by the directions contained in this a tbt several taxes, fubfedies, revenues, and incomes, composing the aggregate fund, will in future become a part or parts of the fund, created by this att % to be called The Consolidated Fund; and it is there sort necessary to make provision, in the first place, for tbt regular

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 13. 6}

and punctual payment of the several annuities and charges made upon and payable out of the said aggregate fund, by an act of parliament made and pcjfed in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, in tituled, An act for the (upport of his majesty's household, and 1 Geo. 3.0.1. of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain % and by one aether eft of the seventeenth year of his said Majesty's reign, and entitled, An act for the better support of his Majesty's house 17 Geo. 3. bold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Bri c*xx# recrcd; tain; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and the the re/pedive annuities or annual rents or charges of eight hun s00*000!* and dred thousand pounds, and one hundred thousand pounds, jwc^thox" made payable out of the said aggregate fund, pursuant to the acts out of said acts, shall, front and after the tenth day of May, one thou the aggregate (and seven hundred and eighty seven, be charged and charge hmd. is, from able upon, and shall be paid and payable out of, all or any of^be payout the dunes, revenues, and incomes, composing the said confoli of theconfo dated fund, in the same manner as the same were directed to be lidated fund, and have been paid before the passing of this act; and that all and ad t, x5 the rules, authorities, directions, powers, provisions, referva th^n'eon tions, matters, and things, contained in the said acts of the first tained to Gotland seventeenth years of the reign of his said present Majesty, tinue in force, shall continue and be preserved, as well in respect to the issuing out of the said consolidated fund any sum or Turns of money, in advance or otherwise, for the uses of his majesty's civil government, so that the whole of the payments to be made in or for any one quarter do not exceed the fourth part of the amount of the anaual sums granted by the said acts of the first and seventeenth years of his majesty's reigri, to and for the use of his majesty's civil government, as in all other cases whatsoever, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were herein repeated and re enacted in this present act; any act or acts of parliament, or any clause or clauses in any act or acts of parliament, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXIV And whereas, by an act passed in the eighteenth year $/* Recital of acts the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, entitled, An relative to the act for encouraging of coinage, certain duties were granted to his ^car.s.c.5* Majesty upon wines and other articles imported, to be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, and to be applied to the defraying the charges end expends of the mint, and of the ajsaying, melting down, wale, end coinage of gold and silver, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned; which moneys were to be issued by order or warrant of the high treasurer, under treasurer, or commissionere of the treasury, for the time being, for the purposes in the said act dirtsted: and whereas the duties upon wines, granted by the said act, have been continued by various subsequent acts, and were made perpetual by an act of the ninth year of his present Majesty: and whereas the said duties on wines are by this present act done away and repealed, and other duties are granted in lieu thereof: and whereas, by an act of the twenty y Geos seventhyear of his late majesty King George the Second, the lord high C treasurer, orsommiffmers of the treasury, or any three or more of

them

From May xo, 1787, the treasury may order ivoqoi. to be ilfued annually for the purposes of 27 Geo. 2.

C 21.

$44 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [ "1787.

them for the time beings are empowered and dir efted to tause so much'money, out of the publish supplies granted or to be granted by parliament, to be applied as Shall be necessary, for defraying the expenses of the minti in England and Scotland respectively, by way of imprefl % and upon account for that service, so as the same, together with the coinage duties before mentioned, do not exceed, in any one year, the suns of fifteen thousand pounds, and so as the find money be issued out of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to the master of the mint in England, and to the mafier of the mint in Scotland respectively, for the pwrpofes provided by the act of the eighteenth year of his late majesty King Charles the Second; which duties have never, in any one year, amounted to the film of fifteen thousand pounds abovementioned: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, it shall and may be lawful for the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to issue from time to time his or their order or warrant to the proper officer or officers of the exchequer, for payment of any such sup or sums of money as to him or them shall re spectively appear proper and right, out of any of the duties of customs imposed by this act, to be applied to the uses and purposes of the said last recited act, provided the sums do not exceed, in any one year, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds.

LX V And whereas by an act, made and pojfed in the seventh year ^geo.j.c.js. of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom, and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax, several additional rates and duties were imposed on the following goods; (that is to say). On all foreign linen commonly called Packing Canvas, Spruce, Elbing, or <^een(borough Canvas $ all foreion linen commonly called Dutch Barras, and Heflin Canvas; and all foreign lawn bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland whited Lawn; and the moneys arising by the several rates and duties therein granted (except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, recovering, and paying the same) were directed by the said recited act to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer', diflinftly and apart from all other branches of the publish revenue \ and a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds per annum, was directed to be kept apart in the said receipt, as a fund for the encouragement of raising and drtft sing hemp and flax in this kingdom, in such way and manner as the parliament Should thereafter dire ft; and the remainder of the said duties was, by the foetid recited act, directed to be reserved in the said receipt for the future disposition of parliament; which duties have never, in any one year, amounted to the sum of fifteen thousand sounds abovementioned, but, upon a medium of nineteen years, computed from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, being the year after they took place, the sum of six thou. t jand three hundred and thirty-five pounds, fifteen Billings, is taken

to be the average amount of the annual produce thereof: and whereas frovifm woe made for appropriating the said fund by three subsequent

^

*7^7*3 Anno vicesimo septimo Gkoroii III C ij. 65

qua aftsy made in the tenths twenty fifty and twentyfixth years of his present Majesty \ and whereas the duties impcftd by the first re cited aft if the seventh year of his present Majesty, are by this pre fens aft dune away, and other duties are granted in lieu thereof: be it further enatfed by the authority aforesaid, That, from and From May xo, after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and, 7*7»f, 3?51* eighty zeren, the sum of six thousand three hundred and thirty dually Set fire pounds, fifteen Shillings, shall, at the end of each year, be apart at the set apart in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, out of the exchequer for dories of customs imposed by this act, as a fund for the encou encourage ragementof raising and dressing hemp and flax in this kingdom, hjg^em^and to be applied to such uses and purposes, and in such way and flax, See! manner, as is directed and provided by the said acts of the tenth, twenty first, and twenty sixth years of his present Man.

XVI And whereas, by an act pojfed in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An 3* Geos. aa for augmenting the salaries of the puisne judges in the court o^crust of king's bench, the judges in the court of common pleas, the rcial*itc to barons of the coif in the court of exchequer at Westminster, the the augmen

judges in the court of session and exchequer in Scotland, and tation of the justices of Chester, and the great sessions for the counties in j" cg £cthc Wales, certain damp duties upon vellum, parchment, and papery recited; were granttdy from the fifth day of July, one thousand Jevcn hundred 9

and fifty-nine, to be applied for the augmentation of the salaries of the Jevtral judges in England, the chief baron and other barons in the court of exchequer at Westminster, the justices of Chester, and that justices of the great jejjions for the counties in Wales; and to be paid to the said judges, barons, and justices, in every year, at such tine or times, and in such manner, as the salaries to the said judges thtn were, or had accustomarily been paid; and by two other acts of a Geo. 3. C 36. the second and fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, several 5 Geo. 3. C 47* dkmcl stamp duties were granted, and, with the aforementioned duties eflablijbed by the said act of the thirty second year of the reign tfhiskte majesty King George the Second, were made one joint fund fu payment of the said augmentation of the salaries of the said judges, harms, and just ties; and by an act of the twelfth year of the reign of Geo. j. to present Majesty, entitled, An act for the further augments C 3° honour the salaries of the justices of Chester, and the great ref tonne for the counties in Wales, the said joint fund was charged, frm the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy to, with the payment of a further augmentation to the salaries of the justices 0/chester, and the justices of the great sessions for tbumties in Wales; and by an act of the nineteenth year of the win of his said present Majesty, a further addition and augmentation the salaries of the puisne judges of the courts of King's bench nlummon pleas at Westminster, and to the chief baron and other hum of the coif of exchequer at Westminster, is also charged upon ibt said joint fund, and upon the surplus of the moniei arising w the

uttipt of the exchequer, of the deductions of sixpence in tu pound out tfoil the moneys paid upon all salaries, penfmsy annuities, and other

66 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [1787.

payments from the crown, establijbed by an act of parliament made in n Geo. I. the twelfth year ofr the reign of King George the Pirjl, after fatij C a.*fpng all the annuities and other payments charged on the same: and whereas the said several stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, granted as, aforesaid, are by this present act con/olidated, and in conference thereof will, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand fevers hundred and eighty fyven, be incorporated with, and become a part of the moneys to be paid into the receipt of the exchequer for the samp duties dire fled to be applied as part of the confolideui fund by this act establijbed; and the said deduflions of sixpencein tit pound out of all moneys paid upon all salaries, penfsons, annuities, and other payments from the crown, is also hereby made a part of the same fund: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, From the That out of the moneys that shall be and remain in the exche consolidated quer, on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and Sail be'paid c*ghty seven, of the taxes, duties, and revenues, which (halt the arrears of compose the said consolidated fund, there shall be paid to the the augmen said several judges, so much money as shall be due and owing tations to the to them on account of the several aforementioned augmenta at July canc8 t, ons computing the same from the time or times to which they 1787; and were Pa to fifth day Julio on€ thousand seven hun thereafter the dred and eighty seven; and from that time there shall be paid said augmento the said judges, out of the moneys that shall arise and be tations shall jnt0 t^c exchequer of the said duties and revenues granted

paid^ut of C^this act, the several and respective annual following lums, the faichund. bein the amount of the augmentations granted as aforesaid;

videlicet. To the three puifnc judges of the court of King's

bench, the sum of nine hundred pounds per annum each; to the chief justice of the court of common pleas, the sum of five hundred pounds per annum; to the three puisne judges of the said court of common pleas, nine hundred pounds per annum each; to the chief baron of the court of exchequer in jvefmin fier, one thousand five hundred pounds per annum, to the three other barons of the said court nine hundred pounds per annum each; to the chief justice of Chester, the annual sum of five hundred pounds; to the second justice of Chester, three hundred and fifty pounds per annum; and to each of the justices of the great sessions for the counties in Wales, three hundred and fifty pounds per annum each; .the said salaries to be issued and paid to the said judges by quarterly payments; videlicet, On the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July, the first payment thereof to be due and to be payable on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

LXVII. And whereas, by an act made and paged in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,3 Geo.» intituled, An act for making good a deficiency upon the revenue C s. recited, of the office of keeper or clerk of the hanaper, and for preventing any future deficiency therein to answer the public services provided for out of the same, and for augmenting the income of the office of mailer or beeper of the rolls, the several duties on

vellum.

1787*] Anno vitesimo septimo Georgii III C ij; ' 67

vellum, parchment, passer, granted by art act of the twelfth year

of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for the ternt of sixteen years, from the second day of August, one thousand seven haired and twenty six, and by an act of the ninth year of the reign if King George the Second, were further continued for four year from the fecrn day of August, one thousand seven hundred and forty tvto\ which said duties expired on the jec6nd day of August, one thou fud/even hundred and forty six, and were revived and made payable, frm the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, for ever \ which said duties, so revived and re granted, were by the said act subject to make good any deficiency that should happen, in case the yearly income and revenue of the office of keeper or clerk of the hamper, as augmented by the said act, should at any future time be iuffficient ic to answer and pay the yearly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds to the master or keeper 0} the rolls for the time being, and the several ancient sees, friaries, and allowances, belonging to the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great fed, the master of the rolls, the mafiers in chancery, clerk of the parliaments, and other officers attending the parliament and great seal, and of feverat bills end dijburfements, always paid and allowed out of the revenues of the hamper officeand the lord high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury, upon a certificate from one of the auditors of the im prefi, are empowered to dir eft such deficiency to be made good out of the aforesaid revived duties, not exceeding three thousand pounds in ' any one year: and whereas, by the directions in this act, the said duties will become a part of tbifund hereby established: tc it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the powers and authorities and thejfo# contained in the last mentioned ait, of the twenty-third year of crt thjrfoft!d the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, shall ex ^utirt grant C tend, and be continued, and the deficiency therein provided €d by this ait. for shall in future be made good and supplied out of any the duties or revenues granted by this ait, in'the fami manner, and by the same authorities, as the same were provided sot in the said act.

LXVIII And be it further enaited and declared, That all All atrauitie* other annuities whatever, charged upon, or made payable out charged upon of, the aggregate fund, by any ait or aits of parliament now in f#nd force, shall, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thou from July, (and seven hundred and eighty seven, be charged and charge 1787, be'pay ableupon, and shall be payable and paid out of, all or any of able out of tw the duties, revenues, and incomes of the said consolidated fund, f, ^atc<* in the.same manner, and according to the same priorities, as the same were direited and provided by the several aits by which they were granted.

LXIX Provided always, and it is hereby enaited by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this ait contained shall extend, or be con (trued to extend, to make void, alter, or prejudice, any disposition, appropriation, appointment, matter, or thing whatsoever, relative to the regular and usual payment of any pension or annuity charged and made payable to any person or persons, in pursuance of anyaifc or aits of parliament, - or by

F 2 virtue

Pen (ion s on the excise or postoffice to be paid as heretofore

the excise, ctiftoms, or salt duties in Scotland, to be paid as heretofore.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [178?.

virtue of any grants or letters patent made or granted by any of his majesty's royal predecessors, Kings or Queens of this realm; but that the same dispositions, appropriations, and appointments, shall continue, be in force, and take effefl, in the payment of all and every the annuities and pensions payable by the commissioners or receivers general of the duties and revenues of excise, and by the receivers general of his majesty's general letter office or postoffice, in the same manner, and at the same time and times, that the said annuities and pensions have been usually paid before the passing this present adh

LXX And be it all'o further enacted by the authority afore annuities, C said. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be payaole from construed to extend, to alter, or in any manner divert, the payment of the several and respective annuities, bounties, am) other charges and expenses, which, in pursuance of any actor a Sts of parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, have usually been or ought to be satisfied and paid by the commissioners of the excile, the receivers general of the customs, or salt duties, out of the moneys arisen by the said duties and revenues, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 but that the lame shall and may, and are hereby directed and required to be satisfied, paid, and discharged, out of all or any of the said moneys arisen, or which shall hereafter arise, by the said duties end revenues, and come into the hands of the said receivers, in the same and like manner, and at the respective times at which the same have usually been accustomed to be paid and satisfied; anything in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All sums aris That all such sums of money as shall have arisen by the said injj from the rates ancj duties hereby repealed, and shall remain in the receipt ttet^whk h" f le exchequer, on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven shall remain hundred and eighty seven; and all such sums as shall be granted in the exehe to replace deficiencies made good out of the fund commonly queron July called The Sinking Fund, and which shall not have been carried to the said sinking fund on or before the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall be added to, and applied with, and in aid of the rates, duties, and revenues, granted and established by this act, and shall make part of the not have bren consolidated fund created by virtue of this act. carried to the sinking fund, on Mav 10, rffi7, to be a part of the consolidated fund.

LXXII And whereas it may happen hereafter that the exigencies of the publict service may require extraordinary expenses, beyond the annual produce of the publict revenue t and it will be highly important for the maintenance of publict credit, . and for the Jlrength and safety of these kingdoms that effectual measures should be taken for increaj ing the said revenue in proportion to the additional annual charge occa stoned by such expemes j be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That distinct accounts (hallr be kept by the several boards appointed for collediing and managing the different branches of

the

5, 1787* and II sums granted to make good deficiencies, which Aiall

Quarterly accounts to be kept by the

17s7.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. 69

the public revenue, of the total amount, in every quarter of a different year, of the several duties under their management, distinguish boards of ing (as far as possible) the several articles on which the same |£lndie6*of arise, and that the commissioners of the treasury shall cause to th^pubhek be prepared, and shall lay before both houses of parliament, revenue, and within fourteen days after the commencement of every session, the treasury an account of the total produce of the duties of customs, excise, to^before (lamps, and incidents respectively, distinguilhing (as far as pof annua^y^n dbfej in each branch the produce on every separate article the account of duties on which shall have amounted to one thousand pounds the total pro or more in the four quarters next preceding the date of such ac duje^count; and also an account of all additions which shall have cu oms* been made to the annual charge of the public debt, by the in ureft or annuities for or on account of any loan which shall have been made after the parting of this a, and within the space of ten years next preceding the date of such account; together with an account of the produce within the year next preceding of any duties which shall have been imposed, or of any addition which shall have been made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by every: uch loan respectively.

lxxill. Provided always, and be it enacted. That any Any part of pan of this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament. thevryfrnt°

session.

f3 SCHEDULE

Anno vicesimo feptfmo'georgii III C 13. [1787^

SCHEDULE A.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, therein enumerated; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.

Also of the Net Duties payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, from this Kingdom;

And likewise of the Net Duties payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, brought or carried Coaflwife ox from Port to Port within this Kingdom.

SCHEDULE A.

Duty. I drawback.

INWARDS. A. Agates rough, final as a bean, the hundred dozen £. /. d. r. /. i.

O3O 028

- " large, the piece —*—*Alderney, vide Jjerfey. Ale. vide Beer. Almonds, vide Grocery. bitter, vide Drugs. O O L 0 0 1

Alum, the hundred weight — — -- — — Roch. vide Drugs. Alumen Plume, vide Drugs. 072 062

Amber, the pound — - —*imported by the east-india company, the pound - - Beads, vide Beads. — Oil. vide Drags. Anchor Stocks, vide Wood. Anchovies, vide Fish. ' Annifeeds. vide Grocery. 0 1 3 0 I 5 0 1 1 0 1 3

Annotto, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Annotto may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15. 0 0 i 000

Apples, the bushel — — — — 00 4

—*dried, the bushel — — — — Fortis. vide Drugs. Archclia. vide Orchelia. 030 t 0 0 4

Argoil, the hundred weight — r — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&iona, under which Argoil may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15. A rrack. vide Spirits. Aihes, viz. 927 000

Pearl Alhei, the hundred weighs — — 000

— Pot Allies, the hundred weight — 023 000

S C H E D ute A.

Duty.

7f

Drawback.

007

007

007

270

006

053

6

9

INWARDS. L /.

For the conditions, regulations, and reftriftfons, under which Pearl Ashes and Pbt Ashes made in the fintifh plantations in America may be imported from thence without payment of duty, vide 24 Geo. 2. cap.^ji. dies, continued

— — Soap Ashes, die hundred weight —

— Weed Ashes, the hundred weight —

Wood Ashes, the hundred weight —

Fcchia Ashes. vide Fechia Brugiata, in Drugs.

.

Bacon, the hundred weight — —

NB. For the exemption from duty on salted Bacon born Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8.

Bulks. vide Wood.

Baulk, vis. Washing Balls, the pound - —

baa^xiag twifl. vide Twist.

Birilt, the hundred weight — —

Bark of Oak. vide Oak Bark.

Bnky. vide Cora.

— — hailed or Pearl Barley, vide Drugs.

Basket Bods, the bundle not exceeding three feet in circumference at the band — — — > o

ba&ets, via. Haudbaikets, the dozen — — V o

Bid or Straw Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats.

— — -- -- -- -- -- -- Manufactures thereof to make hats, vide

Platting.

— Ropes, the hundred weight o t 10

Bsneas. vide Wood.

Battery, the hundred weight — — 252

baj.berries. vide Drugs.

Bodi, viz. '

— Amber Beads, the pound — — 045

— Crystal Beads, the thousand — — — 13 3

— Coral Beads, the pound — — 045

— Glass Beads, vide Bugle.

— Jet Beads, the pound — — o I 5

Beau, vide Corn.

Bees from Ireland.

NB. For the exemption from duty on salted beef from Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 8.

leer, viz. Spruce Beer, the barrel containing 32 gallons 012 NB. Subject also to the duty of excise

- — all other sorts, or Ale, the barrel, containing 32

gallons — —. 068

NB. Subject also to the duty of excise.

bdl metal, the hundred weight — — 074

Berries for dyers use, not otherwise enumerated, the hundred weight^— — on

000

0 0 9

OOO

2 6 4

000

050

o I 4

008

000

208

042 o 11 8 042

o 1 3

OIK O

060 0 6 6 OOO

SCHEDULE A.

III C 13. Doty. [1787. Drawback.

£ Jm C

026 023

0 17 8 013 8

0 0 i 001

0 19 3 000

p 8 10 000

004 003

0 1 2 p L 0

0120 077

0 4 5 000

0 Oil 0 p 10

0 »3 3 0 Kt 8

0 1 4| O I 3

0 4 5 0311

00 to 0 036

0 I 10 018

068 0 6 6

029 0 M OS

O 2 11 0 2 6

0 i 0 1 3

016 0*3

0 0 LI 001

P I 7 0 t 6

I N W A R D S.

Beflials. vide Man, isle of.

Birds, viz. bingeing Birds, the dozen — —

Bifcuic. vide Bread.

Blaeking, the hundred weight — —

Bladders, the dozen — % —

Blubber, vide Oil.

Boards, vide Wood.

Bonnets, vide Hats.

Books bound, the hundred weight -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - —

— unbound, the hundred weight — — Boom Spars, vide Wood.

Botargo, the pound — —

Bottles of Earth or Stone, the dozen — «- —

— of Glass, viz.

-- -- -- -- -- - - covered with wicker, the dozen quarts

r — — ..... — full or empty, the dozen quarts —

Bowls or Buckets of Wood, the dozen —

Boxes, viz.

— Nest Boxes, the gross containing twelve dozen nej

each npft containing eight boxes —

— - Pill Boxes, the gross containing twelve dozen nei

each nell containing four boxes — —

— Sand Boxes, the gross containing twelve dozen bo; boxwood. vide Wood.

ing ten necklaces — —

Brandy, vide Spirits.

Brass wire. vide Wire.

Brazil wood for dyers use. vide Wood.

Brazilletto wood for dyers use. vide Wood.

Bread or Biscuit, the hundred weight — —

Bricks, vide Earthen Ware Bridges thread. vide Thread.

Brimstone, the hundred weight — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ic under which the whole duties of culloms may drawn back on brimstone used and consumed making oil of vitriol, vide 23 Geo. 3. cap. 77; j 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53.

Bridles, viz.

- — dretted, the dozen pounds — - —

, — d retted of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a foreign Ship, the dozen pounds — —

— - — rough or undressed, the dozen pounds —

— -- rough or undressed of Muscovy or Russia, imported

in a foreign Blip, the dozen pounds — Brooms, viz. Flag Brooms or Whilk Brooms, the dozen Buckets, vide Bowls.

Bugle, viz.

-- -- -- great Bugle, the pound — —

For conditions, regulations, and restrictions.

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. kglt, cooriwed tnder which great Bugle may on importation be warehoused, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30. C. £ r. d

— Bogle to be warehoused, the pound — — — great Bugle so warehoused, when taken out of such ool 0 0 0

warehouse to be used in this kingdom, the pound Ol6 000

Cmall or seed Bogle, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftrittions, under which small or seed Bugle may on importation be warehoused, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 30. 0x7 0x5

— small or seed Bugle to be warehoused, the pound - small or seed Bugle so warehoused, when taken out of such warehouse to be used in this kingdom, the 0 0 a 000

pound — — — Bullion or foreign coin of gold or silver, duty free. 0 a 5 00 0

lost niihes, the load containing sixty three bundles km for millstones, the hundred containing five (core 0 4 5 0 it 0 0311 0 0 0

latter, the hundred weight — — NB. For the exemption from duty on faked butter fi-om Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. C 0 a 6 y y 0 a a

Cables toed or untarred, the hundred weight — Cable Yarn, vide Yarn. Cakes made of rape seed, vide Rape cakes. Callico. vide Linen calm Skins, vide Skins. 086 0 0 0

Calves Velves to make rennet, the hundred weight Cambricks. vide Linen. Camels Hair, vide Hair, i Canary Seed, vide Seed. Candles, viz. 056 0 O

— of Tallow, the hundred weight — — iis 8 OOO

of Sperma Cceti, the pound — — 0 1 4 OOO

— of Wax, the pound — — of Wax, imported by the Baste India company, the 0 1 8 OOO

pound — —'— 019 OOO

Candlewick, the hundred weight — — Case Hats, vide Hats. Canes, viz. 1 ia 8 180

Reed Canes, the thousand — — — 11 0 099

— Walking Canes, the thousand — — — — Canes, imported by the Baste India com 1 18 6**7 3

pany, the thousand — — —** a 0 0

— Rattans, the thousand — — — — — imported by the east-india company, the 0 16 6 0 IS 3

thousand — — — — 19 3 0 18 0

Cans of Wood, the dozen — — Cant Spars, vide Wood. Canvas, vide Linen, uprisen vide Wood. 0 0 11 0 0 10

74 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C [1787,

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback

INWARDS. £*C /#

the pound — — — 00a 0 01

Cards, viz. Playing Cards, the dozen packs — Carmenia Wool, vide Hair of Goats. Carpets, viz. of Persia, imported by the Baste India company, 1x 0 0 00

the square yard — — I 49I 3 7

wards, the carpet — — 240 2 0 £

the carpet — — Car raw ay seeds, vide Drugs. 0 8 3 076

Calks empty, the tonne — «* Catlings, the gross containing 12 dozen knots — Cattle. NB. For the free importation of cattle from Ireland, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 10; and 16 Geo. 3. tap. 8. 083 026 rn 0 0

Caviare, the hundred weight — — 0 4 5 Q 3 11

Cheese, not of Ireland, the hundred weight — 016 000

Cherries, the hundred weight — — Chip hats or Bonnets, vide Hats Chip, manufactures of. vide Platting. Chryilal. vide Drugs. 0 4 S 0311

Cider, the tonne containing 252 gallons — NB. Subject alio to the duty of excise. Cinnamon, vide Grocery. Citron water, vide Spirits. Clapboards, vide Wood. 633 S 3 3

Clothes, viz. all manner of woollen clothes, theyatd Cloves, vide Grocery. Coals, the chalder containing 36 buihels Winchester meal 17 s 1 13 1

sure — — — — I 0 000

Cochineal, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Cochineal may be entered, without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. coconuts, viz. — — of the produce of any British colony or planta 006 000

tion in America, the hundred weight 0 1390 13 9

the Jiundred weight — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftriflions, under which Coconuts may on importation be secured in warehouses, vide 10 Geo. 1. cap. 10; and 6 Geo. 3. cap. $2. tion in America, on importation to be secured 0 1390 12 6

in warehouses, the hundred weight on importation to be secured in warehouses, 0 1 s 0 I 3

the haadred weight — 013 000

Anno viccfinao firptimo Georgii III C 13. 75

SCHEDULE A. Datjr. Drawback.

INWARDS, kntea, when taken ontof such warehoofe for home £ £*4*

coafumption, the handled weight — NB. Coconuts art alfofubjcd to the inland duty of tttife. Coice of the produce of any British colony or pl&ntttfqp in 0126 0 0 0

America, the hundred weight — —. — — of the produce of any other country or place, or imported by the eafj India Company, the hundred 1 18 6 1 18 6

weight — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Coffee may on importation be secured in warehouses, vide 10 Geo. i. cap. 10; and 6geo. 3. cap. 52. of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, on importation to be fecureu in warehouses, the hundred weight — —*not of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, on importation to be secured in warehouses, the hundred weight — — having on importation been secured Sn warehouses, when taken out of such warehouse for home con 1 18 6 1 15 0

036 O 3 $

036 0 0 0

fompdon, the hundred weight — NB. Coffee is also subject to the inland daty of exdfe. Coin of copper, vide Copper. — of Gold or Silver, vide Bullion 1 15 0 000

Comfits, the pound — — Coney Wool, vide Wool. Copper, viz. 006 005

— One, the hundred weight — — — — unwrought, viz. Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, Copo''0 0 0 0

per Coin, and all Caff Copper, the hundred weight — unwrought, viz. Copper in Plates, the hundred 0 10 6 0 10 3

Wright — — - part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered 0 16 0 0 15 9

or raised, the hundred weight — Copperas, green, the hundred weight — Coral, vide Drugs. 202 1 17 2

0 K 8 000

Cordage, tarred or untarred, the hundred weight — Cordial Waters, vide Spirits. 086 0 00

Cork, the hundred weight — — 038 0 3 3

Corks, ready made, the grofi containing 12 dozen Corn and Grain, viz. — Barley, whenever the price at the port of importation shall be under 24 s. per quarter, the quarter con 006 005

taining 8 bushels — — — For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Barley on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3, cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 24 Geo. 3. cap. 50. bycjock^ic i a 0 > > 0 14

INWARDS.

Corn and grain, continued

Barley, whenever the price at the port of importation shall be at or above 24s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bu(hels — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Barley may be imported on payment of the duty of twopence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; t8 Geo, 3. cap. 25} 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap 50

£*'

0 0 2

o o —

— — hulied, or Pearl Barley, vide Drugs.

— Beans, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be under 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels — — —

For die conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Beans on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3* cap. 435 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

— - Beans, whenever the price at the place of importation shall be at or above 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels — — —

For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ious, under which Beans may be imported on payment of the duty of threepence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty. Vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo.

3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap

5°

— Beer or Bie, whenever the price at the port of importation mall be under 24 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bujhels — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Beer or Big on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo

3. cp. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap.

5°*

Beer or Big, whenever the price at the port of importation shall be at or above 24 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 buihels —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflriftfons, under which Beer or Big may be imported bn payment of the duty of twopence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may

1 2

o 14 (

003

000

2 o

o 14

0 0 2

OO0

S.

INWARD

Con and Grain, continued

be delivered from thence in order to be used or confused in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, ride 13 Geo. 3. cap. 431 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3 cap. 30.

— Big. vide Beer.

— Indian Com mod Maize, whenever the price of Barley

at the place of importation shall be under 24 a per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels —

— Com and Maize, whenever the price of Barley

at the place of importation shall be at or above 24 s. per quarter, the quarter containing. 8 bushels NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Indian Com and Maize may be imported on payment of the duty of one penny the quarter, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 15 Geo. 3. cap.

1; si Geo. 3. cap. 50.

— Maize, vide Indian Corn.

— Oats, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be under 10 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels — — —

For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ionsi under which Oats on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo,

3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

— Oats, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be at or above 16 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels — — —

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Oats may be imported on payment of the duty of twopence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be deli vered from theqee in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo.

3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29 s 21 Geo. 3. cap. 5°.

— Peas, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be under 32 s. per quarter, the quarter con taining 8 bushels — — —

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which Peas on being imported into certain pom or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

— 1 — Peas, whenever the price at the place of importation shall be at or above 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels

Gock 1

£. /. d.

£

O II

O O I

070

OOO

067

o 3 II

002

OOO

o 18

o 10 4

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii IIL C 13. [178; .

SCHEDULE A.

S.

INWARD

Corn and train, continued

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Peas may be imported on payment of the duty of threepence the quarter, or having been On importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3; cap. 425 18 Geo 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

— Rye, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be under 32 f. per quarter, the quarter con taining 8 bushels — — —

For the conditions, regulations, andrestrictions, under which Rye on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom mqy he secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25 $ 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

— Rye, whenever the price at the place of importation

shall be at or above 32 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels — —

For the conditions, regulations, and rcftri&ions, under which Rye may be imported on payment of the duty of threepence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thenoe in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said doty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap.

— — Wheat, whenever the price at the place of importation shall be under 48 s. per quarter, the quarter con taining 8 bushels — — —

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Wheat on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be secured in warehouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo.

3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25 $ 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

— — Wheat, whenever the price at the place of importation shall be at or above 48 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 bushels NB. For the conditions, regulations, and rcflri&ions, under which Wheat may be imported on payment of the duty of sixpence the quarter, or having been on importation secured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide^i3 Geo 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3, cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50,

Duty. (Drawback.

120

005

3

0 0 6

o 14 0

O O Q

O 16 3

OOO

8.

INWARD

Com and grain, continued

— Wheat Flour, whenever the price of Wheat at the

place of importation ihali be under 48 s. per quarter, the quarter containing 8 buihels NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Wheat Flour on being imported into certain ports or places in this kingdom may be (ecured in waithouses without payment of duty, vide 13 Geo.3 cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo. 3. cap. 25; 10 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

— Wheat Flour, whenever the price of Wheat at the

place of importation ihali be at or above 48 s. per quarter, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Wheat Floor may be imported on pay, of the duty of twopence the hundred weight, or having been on importation iecured in warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or contained in this kingdom on payment of the said duty, vide 13 Geo. 3. cap. 43; 16 Geo. 3. cap. 42; 18 Geo.3. cap. 25; 19 Geo. 3. cap. 29; 21 Geo* 3.

Cotton l^ooitride Wool.

Cotton Yarn. vide Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair, vide Hair.

Cow or Ox Hides, vide Hides.

Cream of Tartar, vide Drugs.

Crohbow Thread, vide Thread.

Cucumbers pickled, the gallon — —

Culm, the chalder containing 36 buihels Winchester xnea tare #'— —

Carnots, vide Grocery.

Cattle Bones, the thousand — — —

vide Cider.

Cyoders, the chalder containing 36 buihels Winchester measure — —

Dues, vide Grocery.

davis's Straights. vide Greenland Seas.

Deals, vide Wood.

Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other precious stones and jewels, duty free

Dice, for every pair. —

Dimity, viz. Plain White Dimity, imported by the east-india company, the yard and besides, for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which the same ihali be publicly sold at the tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies

£ / d.

4 3

£- /. d.

o 16 3

002

00#

009 o 159o 5 11

o 10 6

o 12 6

16 10 o

° o 7« 000 0 5 3

000

000

o 1 s

000

[178 Drawbad

000

000

000

000

006

007

INWARDS.'d

Dimity, continued.

The drawback of the lad mentioned duty ofjixteen pounds ten Shillings, to be allowed on the exportation of such dimity, shall be for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been pudlickly sold at the sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Bad Indies, viz.

If exported to Africa

If exported to the Bridih colonies or plantations in America — —

1 If exported to any parts or places beyond the seas (except to the british colonies or plantations in America) if the said goods shall have been printed, darned, painted, or dyed in this kingdom -

If exported to any parts or places beyond the (eas (except to Africa or the British colonies and plantations in America) if the said goods shall be exported from this kingdom without'having been printed, fiained, painted, or dyed therein

Dog stones., vide Stones.

Down, the pound —

— of Muicovy or Russia, imported in a foreign ship, the

pound — «

Drillings, vide Linen.

Drugs, viz.

Acacia, the pound —

Acorns, the pound —

— Adianthum Album, the pound — — - Adianthum Nigrum, the pound

— -- - Agaric, the hundred weight — — Agnus Callus Seeds, the pound

Alkermes Con felt io, the ounce —*' Alkermes Syrup, the pound —

— Alkanet Roots, the pound —

— Almonds Bitter, the hundred weight —'— Aloes Epatica, the pound

imported by the Eall India company, the pound Succotrina, the pound if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound —

imported by the Eall India company, the pound — —

Alum Ronilh or Roch, the hundred weight — Alumen Plumb, the pound —

Ambergris, black or grey, the ounce troy

imported by the east-india company, the ounce troy Ambra Liquida, the pound Ameos Seeds, the pound

£ / s

o

o

o

o

4

o

0

1

o

*4

o

0

1

9

2

2

8

3 8 o

3

o

6

6

2

2 o 2 6 o 2

16 10 < 11 15!

I

16 10^

14 10 < o 0 J o 0 j

(

o 0 0 0

O 2

81

Drugs

INWARDS.

continued.

Amomi Seeds*pound —

'— 11 Anacardium, the pound —

1 Angelica the pound — —

Antimonium Crudum, the hundred weight

-- -- -- -- Antimonium Prseparatum or Stibium, the pound

— Aqua fortis, the hundred weight —

— Argentum Sublime or Quicksilver, the pound

..........imported by the Eall India company

the pound

— Ariftolochia, the pound

— - Arsenic, white o yellow, or rofalgar, the hundred

weight —

Afarum Roots, the pound

-- -- -- -- Afpalthus, the pound —

- Ana fcetida, the pound —

— — — if not imported directly from the place of us growth, the pound

— - imported by the Eall India company,

the pound —

— Auricube Judx, the pound

— -- -- Bacae Alkakengi, the pound

— balau/lium, the pound -

— Balfara Artificial, the pound

imported by the Eall India company, the

pound — -

— — Canada Balsam, the pound

— - Copaivae or Copaiba, the pound

- - — Natural, the pound —

......- < imported by the Eall India

company, the pound — Barbados tar, the pound —

— - Barley hulled or Pearl Barley, the hundred weight

bay berries, the hundred weight — Bdellium, the pound — — i

— if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- imported by the Eall India company,

the pound —

— — ben album, or Rubrush, the pound*1 Benjamin, the pound —

. -- -- -- imported by the Eall India company,

the pound — —

- Bezoar Stones of the Well Indies, the ounce troy

— - imported by the Eall India com

n, the ounce troy e pound

— Black Lead, the hundred weight'— Bolos communis or Arpomacus, the hundred

weight — —

Bolus Verus or fine Bole, the pound^Borax in Palle or nnrefined, the pound Vol. XXXVI G

Doty. Drawback.

£. i. d. £. / d.

O 0 2 0 0

0 O90 0 6

0 O 2 0 0

0 4«0 0 0

0 0 1»0 0

0 4 8 0 0 0

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 P 8 0 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 4 8 0 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 2 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 090 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 i 6 0 I 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 090 0 6

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 0 1 0 0

0 8 10 0 6 0

0 4 8 0 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 090 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 5 0 0 3i

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 090 0 6

0 a 6 0 1 8

0 0 2 0 0 if

0 6 8 0 4 .5

0 5 6 0 2 4

0 0 2 0 04

0 0 3 0 0 a

82 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [1787.

SCHEDULE Duty. fdrawback,

INWARDS. &

Drugs, viz. Borax, continued.

imported by the east-india company, the pound —

refined, the pound

imported by the fast India company, the pound —

Calamus, the pound — —

Cambogium or Gutta Gambse, the pound —

imported by the east-india company, the pound Camphire refined, the pound

> if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound — imported by the east-india com pany, the pound —

unrefined, the pound —

if not imported direduy from the place of its growth, the pound

imported by the east-india company, the pound — Cancrorum Oculi, the pound —

Cantharides, the pound —

imported by the east-india company, the pound Capita Papaverum, the thousand Cardamoms, the pound —

imported by the east-india company, the pound —

Carlina, the pound —

Carpo balfamum, the pound Carrabe or Succinum, the pound Carraway seeds, the hundred weight Carthamus seeds, the pound Caftia buds imported by the east-india company: the pound —

Cassia fistula, the pound

-- -- imported by the east-india company, the

pound -

Cassia lignea, the pound

— imported by the east-india company, the

pound — —

Castor oil, the gallon — —

Caftoreum or beaver's Cods, the pound — cerufta, the hundred weight —

Cetrach, the pound — —

Chamspitys, the phund — —

Chelae Cancrorum, 'the pound —

China roots, the pound —

«'if not imported directly from the

place of their growth, the pound " infported by the east-india company, the pound

s DOQ IC.

£. a.

0 0 3 0 0

0 1 0 0 0

0 I 0 0 0

0 0 2 0 0

0 0 6 0 0

0 0 6 0 0

0 0 8 0 0

0 2 0 0 1

0 O 8 0 0

0 O 4 0 0

0 t 6 0 0

0 O 4 0 V

0 O 6 0 0

0 I 0 0 0

0 I 0 0 0

0 1 8 0 1

0 O90 0

0 O90 0

0 O 3 0 0

0 O90 0

0 O 3 0 0

0 S 0 0 3

0 0 2 0 0

0 0 4 0 0

0 0 3 0 0

0 0 3 0 0

0 0 4 0 0

0 0 4 0 0

0 2 0 0 1

0 2 0 0 1

0 7 0 0 4

0 0 3 0 0

0 0 2 0 0

0 0 1 0 0

0 0 S 0 0

0 1 3 0 0

0 0 S Q 0

4

4

8

1

6

6

2 6 2 4

II

A

2

A

4

4

8

2

A

a

SCHEDULE. A.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

Cinabrium or Vermilion, the pound —

— — imported by the east-india company,

the pound —

Cinnabaris nativa, the pound —

— Ciperus, the hundred weight —

Citrago, the pound — —

— -- -- -- Civet, the ounce troy -- —

Coculus India?, the pound —

1 — if not imported direflly from the place of

its growth, the pound —

— imported by the east-india company, the

pound — —

p" Colophonia, the hundred weight —

Coloquintida, the pound —

> — - if not imported directiy from the

place of. its growth, the pound

— imported by the east-india com

pany, the pound —

— coumbo root, imported by the east-india com

pany, the pound — —

*1 — Copperas blue, the hundred weight —

—'white, the hundred weight-

' Coral, whitd or red for physical uses, in fragments,

the pound —

, — imported by the east-india company, the

I pound — —

- Coral whole, unpolished, the pound —

I — imported by the east-india company, the

I pound —»—

Coral whole, polished, the pound —

r - — imported by the east-india company, the

I pound — —

Coriander seeds, the hundred weight —

- Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the pound —

Cortex cariophyllorum, the pound — -

Cortex Elatheriae, the hundred weight —

Cortex Guaiaci, the hundred weight —

Cortex Limonum, vel Auranriorum, the pound

"cortex Peruvianus, the pound —

Cortex Simarouba, the pound —

Cortex Tamarifci, the pound —

Cortex Winteranus, the pound Coftus Dulcis et Amarus, the pound —

imported by the east-india company, the

pound — —

Cowitch, the pound — —

Cream of Tartar, the hundred weight — Crystal in broken pieces for physical uses, the pound Cubebs, the pound — —

- imported by the east-india company, the

pound — —

£'*

b

Duty,

o o

3

4 o

o

9

13

o

o

o

o

o

o

o i 3

0 5

3 3

0 6

1 6 o 6

o 6

4

4 8

0 3

1 6

I 6 3 o

o 4 o 4

4 8

o 3

O 2

0 0 2

SCHEDULE A.

Drugs,

INWARDS.

continued.

— Cummin Seeds, the hundred weight —

— Cufcuta, the pound — —

— Cyclamen or Panis Porcinus, the pound

— Dapcus Credeus, the pound -

— Diagredium, or Scammony, the pound —

of its growth, the pound —

the pound —

Diptamus Leaves, tie pound —

.......roots, the pound

Doronicum, the pound —

Ebori* Rafune, the pound —

Eleborus, the pound —

Epithymum, the pound —

eitence of Lemons, the pound —

Euphorbium, the pound —

- Fechia Brugiata, the hundred weight —

Fennel seeds, the pound —

Fenugreek, the hundred weight —

Flores chamoemeli, the pound —

Flores meliloti, the pound — '

Folium Indix, the pound —

— 1 imported by the east-india compa the pound — —

Fox Lungs, the pound — —

Frankinccnfe, the hundred weight —

Galanga, the pound — —

*....... if not imported directly from the p

of its growth, the pound —

the pound Galbanum, the pound

of its growth, the pound

the pound —

Gentiana, the pound —

Ginfang, the pound —

Grains of Guinea, vide in G.

grana tin&orum, the pound

> Gran ad ilia peruviana, the pound

Green Ginger, the pound

............ — imported by the Ea

pany, the pound

Guinea Pepper, the pound

Gum animi, the pound —

pany, the pound —

r Gum senega, the hundred we nported by the east-india comp; the hundred weight _ f

Duty. Drawbai

X

074 0 41

003 0 0

00 3 0 0

003 0 0

0 a 6 t 0 1

076»0 5

0 2 6 0 1

003 0 0

603 0 0

006 0 0

001 0 0

0 0 ij 0 0

003 0 0

0 a 0 0 1

00a 0 0

0 3 0 0 t

0 0 i 0 0

0 3 4 0 2

0 0 i 0 0

O O Ijr 0 0

00 6 0 0

006 0 0

008 0 0

048 0 3

0 0 2 e 0 0

VO O O at 0 0

002 0 0

004; e 0 0

010 r 0 0

004 0 0

001 0 0

008 0 0

009 0 0

009 0 0

006 1* 0 0

006 0 0

0 03 0 0

003 ! 0 0

0 0 3 0 0

it 0 0 6 ft 0 0

006 0 0

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

-- -- - — Gam senega imported from Europe, the hundred

weight - - —

— Gom armoniac, the pound — -

— - if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the jhiund —

1 imported by the'east India company,

the pouna — —

— -*Gum carannz, ie pound — —

— — Gum copal, the pound — —

Gum elemi, the pound, — —

- imported by the east-india company, the pound —

— — Gum guaiaci, the pound -- Gom hedene, the pound —

— Gum lac, viz. Cake lac, the pound

— - imported by the east-india company,

the pouna —

— Gum shellac or Seed lac, the pound

— imported by the east-india, company, the pound

Gom sticklac, the pound N. B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridtioos,

under which Gum sticklac may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i cap. 15.

— Gum opoponax, the pound —

— — if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

— — — imported by the east-india company, the pound —

— 1 - Gum sandrake or Juniperi, the hundred weight

— Gnm sarcocolla, the pound —

— if not imported directly from the place

, of its growth, the pound' —

imported by the east-india company,

the pound — —

Gum serapinum or Sagapenum, the pound

if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

— imported by the east-india company,

the pound

— Gum tacamahaca, the pound

— Gum tragacanth, the pound if not imported diredkly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

— — - — imported by the east-india company,

the pound —

— Hermodadlilns, the pound —

— — Horns of Ham or Stags, the 100 Horns

— Hypociftis, the pound —

Jalop, the pound^—

Duty.

*5

Drawback.

£ /« d. £ / d.

O is 11 % O O O

0 0 4 O O 2$

O 1 0 O 0 8

O 0 4 O °

O 09O 0 6

O 0 8 O 0 Si

O 0 O 0 II

e 0 O 0 a

0 09O 0 6

0 09O 0 6

0 0 1 O 0 0$

0 0 1 O 0 ol

0 0 a O 0 7|

0 0 a O <»*i

0 0 1 O 0 0

0 I 4 O M

0 4 0 O 1 8

0 1 4 O 6 tt

0 7 0 O 4 8

0 0 4 O 0 af

0 1 0 O O 00

0 0 4 O 0 2{

0 0 4 O 0 a

0 1 0 O 0 8

0 0 4 O O 2|

0 09O 0 6

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 09O 0 6

0 0 3 O 0 2

p 0 3 O 0 2

b 6 8 0 4 5

0 0 5 O 0 2*

0 09O 0 6

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. 11707.

SCHEDULE A.*| Duty. (Drawback,

1 n W A R D S.

continued.

— Jnccnfe or Olioanaxn. vide Olibanum;

— I: eos, the hundred V

J

Jas,

tiu.

Jttd

the hundred weight —

labdanu.n ur lupajeaum, the pound

-- -- -- -- if not imported directly from the place

edits growth, the pound —

— lapis calan.inaris, the hundred weight —

**imported by the Ealt India company,

the hundred weight*—

— Lapis contrayervse, the ounce —

imported by the east-india co

pany, the ounce —

— Lapis hcematitis, the pound —

-- -- lapis iiibernicus, the hundred weight —

— Lapis hyacinthi, the pound — —

— Lapis judaicus, the pound — —

— Lapis lazuli, the pound — —

imported by the east-india com

pany, the pound — —»Lapis magnetis, the pound

— Lapis nephriticus, the pound

-- -- Lapis o'hocolla, the pound

-- -- Lapis Kubinus, the pound

— Lapis sapphirus, the pound r — — - Lapis smaragdus, the pound

— Lapis spoogta', the pound

— Lapis 1 opagx, the pound — — Lapis tutia; , the pound —

- — imported by the east-india company

the pound — —

-- -- Lavender flowers, the pound —

-- -- Leaves of Roses, the pound, —

-- -- Leaves of Violets or Flowers, the pound —

-- -- - Ler. tiles, the pound — —

-- -- Lignum Aloes, the pound —

— - Lighum aipaltum, the pound —

— -- -- -- -- -- imported by the east-india company

the pound —

— — - Ligmim nephmicum, the pound

-- -- - — Lignum rhodnim, the hundred weight

-- -- Litharge of Gold, the hundred weight

-- -- -- - Litharge of Silver, the hundred weight

-- -- - — Lupines, the hundred weight

— Lyntifcus or Xylobuifamiun, the pound ... — — Madder roots, the hundred weight I\.B. For the conditions, regulations, and reftn^ion under which Madder Roots may be entered withou payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. 15. V — — -- -

£ s. /. i.

0 14 0 094

O 0 Ofo 0 0 0

O 0 2 0 0 io

4 s 0 3 3

O 0 s 0 0 a -

O 090 0 6

0 3 8 0 0 0

0 3 8 0 0 0

0 090 0 6

0 090 0 6

0 0 2 0 0 if

0 6 4 0 4

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 3 0 0 a

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 C 3 0 0 a

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 2 0 0 11

0 0. 3 0 0 1

0 0 3 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 a

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 3 .0 0 a

0 > 0 3 0 o a

0 0 3 0 0 1

0 0 4 0 0 z

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 Q. 2 O 0 1 \

0 O L 0 0 cj

0 O 6 0 0 4

0 O 2 0 0 I?

J 0 O 2 O 0 \\

0 O 6 0 0 4,

0 7 0 0 41

0 0 JO 0 0 7

0 0 S 0 0

0 2 4 0 1 7

0 0 3 -0 0 2

0 4 8 0 0 Q

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

rugs, continued.

— — Manna, the pound —

pound — —

Marmelade, the pound —

- Maftich Red, the pound —

" - if not imported dirc£lly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

imported by the east-india company, ;

the pound — —

> Maftich White, the pound —

- - — if not imported direfuy from the place] of its growth, the pound —

1 1 — imported by the east-india company, ;

the pound —

- Mechoacana, the pound — —

Mercury precipitat, the pound —

- Mercury sublimat, the pound —

- Milliam solis, the pound — —

- Mirobolanes condited, the pound —

— - - if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

— - imported by the east-india company,

the pound — — 1

Mirobolanes Dry, the pound —

— if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound —

— imported by the east-india company,

the pound — —

- Mithridate Venitia: , the pound — -

- Mother of Pearl Shells rough, the pound

— imported by the east-india company, the]

pound — —

Muik, the ounce troy — —

— imported by the east-india company, the]

ounce troy — —

Myrrha, the pound. — —

- — if not imported directly from the plai

its growth, the pound —

j 1 Ji r si t ________

Doty.

87 Drawback.

pound — —

Myrtle bernes, the pound —

Nardus celdca or Spica Romana, the hundred! weight — — —

Nitrom, the pound - — —

Nutmegs Condited, the pound —

— imported by the east-india company, the pound - —

Nux de Ben, the pound —

nux cupreib, the pound — -

nux indica, each «

Nut vomica the pound r — »

G 4

£ /. j. £ X d.

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 09O 0 6

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 1 6 0 1 0

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 09O 0 6

0 09O 0 6

0 0 2 O 0 II

0 0 2 O p il

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 0 2 O 0 LI

0 0 1 0 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 1 0 0

0 1 6 0 I 0

0 0 4 0 01

0 0 4 0 01

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 2 0 0 I 4

0 0 6 0 0 4

i ° 1 6 0 I 0

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 0 2. 0 0 i

094 0 6 2

0 0 5 0 0 3*

0 0 ia 0 0 7

0 0 10 0 0 7

0 0 2 - 0 0 i

0 0 2 0 0 i

0 0 1 0 0 oj

0 0 i 0 0 t

88

Drugs,

Anno vicesimo fepthno Georgii III C 13. [1787. SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Continued.

— Oil of Almonds, the pound — -

— Oil of Amber, the pound —

— Oleum anisi, the poond -- -

— Oil of Bay, the hundred weight —

— Oleum cariophyllorum, the pound —

— Oleum carui, the pound —

— Oleum cinnamomi, the ounce troy —

— Oleum juniperi, the pound —

— Oil of Mace, the pound —

— 'Oleum Nucis Mufcatse Liquidum, the pound

— Oleum origani, the pound —

— Oleum Palmas, the hundred weight —

— Oleum Petrolium, the pound —

— Oleum Rhodii, the pound —

— Oil of Rosemary, the pound —

— Oleum salfafrse, the pound —

— Oil of Spike, the pound —

— Oleum Thymx, the pound —

— Oil of Turpentine, the pound —

-- Oleum Vitrioli, the pound —

— Oil, viz. Chemical Oils not otherwise enumi

ed, the pound — —

Olibanum or incense, the hundred weight — — — 1»if not imported directly from the pla of its growth, the hundred weight

the hundred weight Opium, the pound — —

— not imported directly from the place of. its growth, the pound —

— imported by the east-india company, the pound —

Orange Flower Ointment, the pound

Orange Flower Water, the gallon

- Origanum, the pound —

- Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the hundred weight»imported by the east-india company,

the hundred weight

- Pearl beaten, the ounce troy

- Pellitory, the pound —

- Pepper Long, the pound -- -- -- — imported by the east-india company,

the pound

Duty. 1 Drawback

£ i C

003 002

0 0 6 004

Ol6 0 ( 0

o89 os10

0 2 0 018

0 0 6 004

Ol6 010

0 0 6 004

0 14 0 Oil

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 i 3 0 0 10

0*70 048

003 002

050 0 3 4

009 006

0 1 0 008

004 0 0 i

0 1 3 0 0 to

o o i 0 0 oj

001 0 0 0{

** O O»005

>

d 0 I 6 010

1 1 0: e 0 14 p

3 3 0 2 2 0

Piony Seeds, the pound —. —

Piftachias or Nux Piftachix, the pound — if not imported directly from the place 1 of its growth, the pound —.

Pix Burgundiae, the hundred weight*polypodiuin, the pound —

046

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

9.

o

o

o

o

o

o

1

0

1

o

8

8

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

o

6

6

0

H

9

9

6

1

2

2i

1

O

O

0

4

8

1

19

10

4

°!

II

1

2

6

t

INWARDS.

Drugs, coodnoed.

- Potinm Montana m, the pound __

-- -- - Pomegranate Peels, the hundred weight

— Pompholix, the pound — — %

-- -- - Poppy Seeds, the pound — —

— Pnxnelloes, the pound — —

-.pfylliom, the pound — r

— Radix Biftorte, the hundred weight —

- — — Radix Caffuminar, the pound —

Radix Contrayervse, the pound —

1 - imported by the Ead India company,

the pound — —

— — Radix Ends Campanae, the hundred weight - Radix Eringii, the pound — —

Radix Efulae, the pound —

- - Radix Hypocacuana, the pound Radix Met Athamantici, the pound —

— Radix Phu, the pound — —

Radix Scorcionera, theponnd

" Radix Seneca, the pound — —

Radix Serpen tariae, the pound —

.....Radix Tormentiliae, the hundred weight

- Red Lead, the hundred weight

1 — — Resina jalapii, the pound

-- -- -- Resina Scammonii, the ponnd —

i Rhabarbarom or Rhabarb, the pound —

— imported by the east-india company, the pound —

Rhinehurst, the hundred weight —

d.

£ u d.

- Rofalgar. vide Arsenic

Saturni, the pound

Saffron, the pound —

Sago, the pound —

pound — —

— Sal Alkali, the pound — —

— Sal Ammoniacum, the hundred weight N. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions

under which Sal Ammoniacum may be entered with out payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. 15.

— Sal Gem, the hundred weight —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftric

dons, under which Sal Gem may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. 15.

— Sal Prunelbe, the pound -*

— Sal Succini, the pound —

— Sal Tamarifci, the pound r — —

— — Tartari, the pound —

— Sal Vitrioii, the pound — f —

— Sal Volatile ammox^ci, the pound

0 0 O O 1

0 4 8 O O 0

0 0 1 O O

0 0 U O O 1

0 0 3 O O 2

0 0 io O X

0 4 8 O 3 2

0 0 4 O 0

0 0 0 O 0 4

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 6 4, O 4 2

0 0 LI O 0 X

0 0 O 0 it

0 1 8 O 1 1

0 0 14 O 0 1

0 0 LI O 0 X

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 0 0 29O O 0 0?

0 3 2 O 2 I

0 3 8 O 2 S

0 3 2 O 2 X

0 3 2 O 2 X

0 1 6 O L 0

0 1 6 O X 0

0 6 4 O 4 2

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 2 6 O 1 8

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 3 O 0 2

0 0 6 O 0 4

0 4 8 O 0 0

0 4 8 O 0 0

o

o9o9o a o 2

0 4

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

Sal Volatile Cornu Cervi, the pound

Salep, the pound —

- if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound

-- -- -- Sandracha. vide Gum Sandrake,

1 Sanguis Draconis, the pound

if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound —

— — imported by the east-india company, the

pound

Duty.

o o

o o

Sanguis Hirci, the pound — —

— — Sarsaparilla, the pound — —

- Sassafras Wood or Roots, the hundred weight — — Saunders Red, the hundred weight —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Saunders Red may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15 Saunders White, the pound — —

1 Saunders Yellow, the pound —

— — imported by the east-india company,

the pound — —

— Scammony. vide Diagredium.

Scincus Marin us, each Scordium, the pound —

— Sebeftines, the pound —

-- -- Seeds for Gardens, the pound

— Seler Montanus, the pound

— Semen Cucumeris, Cucurb, Citrol, Melon, the

pound

— — Sena, the pound

— if not imported direttly from the place of its growth, the pound

- — imported by the Ealt India company, the

pound — —

— sj>erma Cceti, coarse and oily, the hundred weight NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions,

under which head matter or other produce of whales or other Creatures living in the sea, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's subjects usually residing therein respectively, jnay be admitted to entry and landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

-- -- Sperma Cceti fine, the pound

— Spikenard, the pound —

imported by the east-india company,

the pound

o 1

o

17

Spiritus Cornu Cervi, the pound Spiritus Vitfioli, the pound

\C

0

o

2 O

0 0 3

O

O

o

o

o

o

o

LI

Drawbad

0 0 8 0 0 s

0 1 4 Q 0 11

0 I 4 0 0 II .1

0 0 0 0 8 1 0 0 0 Q %

0 0

0 0 5

0 1 4

0 0 1

0 1 0

i; 8/.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. SCHEDULE A.

I N W A R D.S.

Drugs, continued.

' - Sponge, the pound —

— if not imported direduy from the place

of its growth, the pound

- Squilla, the hundred weight.

-- -- -- imported by the east-india company, the

hundred weight

- 1 Squinanthum, the pound

— — if not imported diredhy from the

place of its growth, the pound — — Stave (acre, the hundred weight —

-- -- - Stechados, the pound —

Storax Calamita, the pound —

— -- -- -- if not imported directly from the place

of its growth, the pound

— imported by the east-india company,

the pound — —

- - Storax Liqnida, the pound — —

— — if not imported directly from the place of its growth, the pound

' Soccus Liquoritiae, the hundred weight Sulphur Vivnm, the hundred weight

— — Talc Green, the pound — —

— Talc White, the pound — —

— Tamarinds, the pound — —

- - »*imported by the east-india company,

the pound — —

— 1 Tapioca, the pound — —

— Tartarum Vitriolatum, the pound —

— Terra j^panica, the pound — X —

- — Terra Lemma, the pound — —

-- -- -- -- Terra Sigillata, the pound — —

Thlafpii Semen, the pound — —

Torofal, the hundred weight —

- Treacle common, the pound —

— Treacle of Venice, the pound —

— Turbith, the pound — —

-- if not imported direduy from the place

of its growth, the pound —

- " — imported by the east-india company,

the pound — —

—*1 Turbith Thapfiae, the pound —

Turmeric, the pound —^—

— — imported by the east-india company,

the pound — —

— > Turpentine common, the hundred weight

— Turpentine of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the pound Turpentine of Germany, or of any other place not

otherwise enumerated, the hundred weight — Vamilli, the hundred weight — -

Verdigreafe common, the pound —

— Vcrdigreafe cryftalli^cd, the poyn4 ?+

>nty. j 9* Drawback.

i. d, i ch d.

O90. 0. 6

2 3 0 I 6

2 6 0 1 8

2 6 0 X 8

0 4 0 0 2i

I 0 0 0 8

890 5 10

0 2 0 0 it

090 0 6

2 3 0 X 6

090 0 6

0 4 0 0 2i

I 0 0 0 8

8 0 0 0 0

6 8 0 4 5

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 o' it

0 3 0 0 a

0 4 0 0 2i

0 6 0 0

0 6 0 0 4

0 2 0 0 it

4 8 0 0 0

0 4 0 0 2l

1 6 0 1 0

1 0 0 0 $

3 0 0 2 0

1 0 0 0 8

0 5 0 0 3t

0 2 0 0 it

0 2 0 0 it

2 3 0 X 6

0 4 0 0 2i

1290 8 6

890 5 10

0 3 0 0 0

1 0 0 0 9

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

— Viscus Quercinus, the pound mt 1 Vitriolam Romanum, the pound

of its growth, the pound Umber, the hundred weight Ungulse Alcis, the too Hoofs

White Lead, the hundred weight —

— — — — imported by the east-india comp: the hundred weight —

— Worm Seeds, the pound —

place of its growth, the pound

— imported by the east-india co

pany, the pound —

— ..... Zedoaria, the pound — —

' - — if not imported directly from the pb

of its growth, the pound —

imported by the east-india compai the pound — —

£

Earthen Ware, viz.

Bricks, the thousand — —

Tiles, the foot square Paving Tiles not exceeding ten the thousand — —

> Tiles exceeding ten i the thousand — —

Tiles, the thousand

Ebony, vide Wood.

Eels, vide Fish.

Eggs, the hundred containing six score — —

Teeth, the hundred weight —

1 — imported by the east-india company, the hun dred weight»— —

Elks Hair, vide Hair.

Elks Skins, vide Skint.

Emeralds, vide Diamonds.

Emery Stones, vide Stones.

Enamel, the pound — mmm

Eftridge Wool, vide wool

F.

Feathers, viz

- - — for Beds, the hundred weight —

11 — of Muscovy or Russia imported

in a foreign ship, the hundred weight 1 Ollrich or Eftridge Feathers drested, the pound

— -- -- -- - —? »'updrefled the pound,

Kgs. side Groeery,

£ /. d.

0 0 10

0 C 0 2

0 0 6

0 4 S

0 3 3

0»4 5

0 4 5

0»0 6

0 1 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 1 6

0 0 6

0 7 2

I 0 12 2

0 t 0 3

1 }99

2 6 3

2 12 10

O 0 5

I 6 5

- X 10 10

e 3 4

1

10

5

[1787.

Drawback.

£*4 %

007 o o ij

004

0211

022

0211

0211

004

o 1 0

004

004

O I 0

004

o 6 8

OIIS

0 0 s

1 8 j

249

2 8 10

004

4 J

I 8 10

ox

3 J

3 5 o 7 101

o 3 il

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Sins of Whales, vide Whale Sins. Fire Wood, vide Wood. Sir Quarters, vide Wood. Fish, vie. £ /. £*a

— Anchovies, the barrel containing 16 pounds of fish — — — vide in B. Caviare, vide in C 0 2 1 0 1 10

— Eels, viz. Quick Eels, the blip's lading — — — — Lob tiers. NB. For the free importation of Lobsters, vide 1 Geo. 1. ftac. 2. cap. 18. 4 13 6 3 18 6

— Oysters, the bushel — — — 0 6 000

— Stock fish, the 120 — O 2 I 0, 4

— Sturgeon, the keg — — — — Turbots. NB. For the free importation of Turbots, vide 1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. cap. 18. — Fish caught and taken by British subjects. NB. For the conditions, regulations, and re&ridions, under which such fish may be imported without payment of duty, vide the act to which this Schedule is annexed. 034 0 111

Flannel, the yard — — Flax, viz. — drefied, imported in a british built ship, the hundred N O O 006

weight — — — — — imported in a foreign ship, the hundred S 4 $ 4 17 6

weight — —*— rough or undrefied, imported in a british built ship, the hundred weight hundred weight — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and refiridions, under which rough or undrefied Flax may be imported without payment of any duty whatever, vide 4 Geo. 2. cap. 27. And for die conditions, regulations, and refiridions, under which any sort of Flax and ail the prod udion thereof, as Thread, Yarn, and Linen of the manufacture of Ireland, or any manu facture of Flax in Ireland may be imported from thence duty free, vide 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. a. cap. 26. Flint Stones for Potters, the tonne containing 20 hundred 588 4 17 0

0 4 10 0 5 1 0 0 VI VI

weight — — — 010 OOO

Flocks, the hundred weight ro S H O 7 IO

Friie of Ireland, the yard — — Farriers Wafie fit only for making Glue, the hundred 0 0 is OO5

weight — — —.'Fan. vide Skins. Faftkk. vide wood, rv 0 (A 0 O O >

94

Anno vicesimo septimo gfiorgii III C 13. [1787.

Doty. jdrawback.

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

G.

Garnets, viz.

— — Rough, the pound — -**

-- -- — imported by the East India company, the

pound — —

-'Cut, the pound — —

— imported by the East India company, the pound — —

Galls, the hundred weight — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which Galls may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. cap. I >.

Geneva, vide Spirits.

Ginger, vide Grocery.

— - - - Green, vide Drugs.

Glass, viz.

— - Bottles, vide Bottles.

Broken fit only to be re manufactured, the hundred

weight — — —

Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the hundred

o weight — -- -- —

Glue, the hundred weight. — —

Goats Hair, vide Hair.

Goats Skins, vide Skins.

Grain or Scarlet Powder, the pound Grain of Seville in Berries, and Grains of Portugal or

Rotta, the pound — -- --

Grains, viz. Guiney Grains, the pound —

Graves, for Dogs, the hundred weight —

Grave Stones, vide Stones.

Grcafe.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Grease may be imported dutyfree, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 12; and 26 Geo. 3 cap. 53.

Greenland Seas.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under whi<; h Whale Fins, Oil or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil or Seal Skins, or any other produce of Seals or other Fish or Creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Seas, or davis's Straights, or in the Seas adjacent, by British subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or 4n the islands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, may be imported in firitifh built ships without payment of*duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50.

Groeery, viz.

*- Almonds, viz.

— ..... — - Jordan, the hundred weight —

£*d £

0 + 5 0 3 n

056 050

03 3 Oil 9

199. 8 3

0 4- 5 000

o 1 3

O I

o 4

4l

5

° o 9

004*

002

o Oil

z 6

1 0

o 1 3

0311

° 7

o 3l o !i o 10

3 3

SCHEDULE A.

Doty.

95

Drawback.

INWARDS.

Groeery, continued

- — Almonds, viz.

of any other sort (except bitter a1 monds), the hundred weight bitter, vide Drugs.

...Annifeeds, the hundred weight —

— -- -- Cinnamon, the pound

£ s. si.

£* S. dm

imported by the east-india company, the pouna — —

— — Clove, the pound — —

- - imported by the east-india company,

the pound — —

Currants, viz.

-- -- -- -- - imported in a british built ship, the

hundred weight —

- imported in a foreign ship, the hundred weight — —

— — Dates, the hundred weight —

— figs, viz.

— imported in a british built ship, the hundred

weight — —

-- -- imported in a foreign ship, the hundreci

weight — —

— Ginger of the British plantations, the hundred

weight — —

— — not of the British plantations, the hundred

weight — —

— Liquorice Juice, vide Succus Liquoritiae, under

Drugs.

-- -- -- -- Powder, the hundred weight

i- -- hundred weight —

— .Mace, the pound — —

— imported by the east-india company, the

pound — —

— Nutmegs, the pound — —

- imported by the east-india company,

the pound — —

— — Pepper, on importation by the east-india company to be warehoused, the pound NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which such Pepper may be warehoused on importation, vide 8 Anne, cap. 7; 10 Anne, cap. 26; 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.

-- -- -- when taken out of such warehouse for

home consumption, the pound — — Pimento, of the British plantations, the pound not of the British plantations, the pound

— Plumbs dried, the pound — —

— Prunes, the hundred weight —

—«Raiiins, viz.

— of the fun, imported in a british built

ship, the hundred weight

3 2 1 1 8

3 2 1 1 8

4 3 0 4 0

4 5 0 4 0

2 8 0 2 5

2 8 0 2 S

3 4 1 1 9

4 10 1 1 9

6 3 2 3 3

12 10" 0 12 0

!3 4^ 0 12 0

11 0 0 10 6

8 0 1 6 0

12 1 2 11 1

8 10 1 8 0

4 0 0 3 8

4 0 0 3 8

2 0 0 1 10

2 0' 0 1 10

0 oi 0 0 #

o 6

0 3

o 6

° 3

12 5

o 18 8

OOO 0 0 2 OO5 0 0 2 083

o 17 6

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback

I N W A R D. S. Groeery, continued. £ d 1 C. d.

the hundred weight -'Smyrna, imported in a british built ship 0 19 X f 0 17 6

the hundred weight 0 11 5 e 0 10 10

hundred weight»— Lexia, imported in abncifh builtship, tbi 0 11 8 5 0 10 10

hundred weight — 080»078

hundred weight —»Faro, imported in a british built fhipj 081»678

the hundred weight o80 1 078

hundred weight — - — Lipra or Belvidere, imported in a British 081 078

built ship, the hundred weight 083 0 7 11

the hundred weight — — r Denia and all other Raisins not otherwise enumerated, imported in a british built ship, the hundred weight CD in a foreign ship, the hundred ° 8 5 0 7 11

071 0 6 10

weight — — 072 0 6 to

— Sugar candy, brown, the hundred weight 2150 2 so 0

company, the hundred weight 4 19 0 426 4 !4 0 3 1.5 0

company, the hundred weight — Sugar, viz. 786 7 1 0

>»refined, the hundred weight — — brown and Muscovado, not of the British 4 18 8 4 10 2

plantations, the hundred weight»— white, not of the British plantations, the 172 1 5 1

hundred weight —*- brown and Muscovado, of the British 256 2 1 10

plantations, the hundred weight — white, of the British plantations, the 0124 0124

hundred weight — -- — from any of the British colonies or plantations on the continent of America, upon the importation to be warehoused. I g 0 190

the hundred weight — NF. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, to which such Sugar is subject upon importation, vide 6 Geo. 3. cap 52. — when taken out of such warehouse, in order to be used in this kingdom, the 003 000

hundred weight — 1 6 11 000

97

[Drawback.

INWARDS.

Grogrcm Yam. vide Yarn.

Guernsey. vide Jersey, island of.

Guinea Wood, vide Wood.

Gunpowder, viz. Corn Powder, the hundred weight' 1 Serpentine Powder, the hundred weight

H.

Hair, viz,

— Camels, the pound — — -

— Cow or Ox, the hundred weight

— — Elks, the hundred weight —

— Goats, viz.

Carmenia wool, the pound —

— —*imported by the east-india

company, the pound NB. For the exemption from duty on any l>oats Hair or Turkey Goats Wool,vide 24 Geo. 3. fcc 2. cap. 21.

— Horie, the pound — —

-- -- Human, the pound

Hair powder, vide Powder

Hams, vide Bacon.

handbaiketj. vide Baflcets.

Hfcndfcoops, the dozen —*—

Handfpikes. vide Wood.

hare's Wool, vide Wool.

Harp Strings, the gross containing 12 dozen knots Hats, viz.

— Baste or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each hat or bonnet not

exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen — Baste or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each hat or bonnet ex ceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen Chip, Cane, or horsehair Hats or Bonnets, each hat or bonnet not exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen — —

— Chip, Cane, or horsehair Hats or Bonnets, each hat

or bonnet exceeding 22 inches in diameter, the dozen — —

— made of, or mixed with, felt, hair, wool, or beaver,

the hat — —

Hay, the load containing 36 trades, each truss being 56 pounds — —

Headings, vide Stares, under Wood.

head matter.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri&idns, under which head matter taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vefle built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, lerfey or Man, wholly owned by hi majesty's subjefis ofually redding therein respectively, may be admitted to entry and landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap 41; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 50, '

VOL. XXXVI H

£ d. L

1 J 1 a

o o

o o

o

2

0 0

O 2

° 5

il

6

9

6

3 6

o 7*4

o 11

d.

in 3 o 19 6

o o 7 076 o 7 6

007

ooft

008

000

o 0 10

O 2 2

O 2 (5,

0 5 0

0 3 .1

063

1 19 o o 10 9

C

INWARDS.

Heath for brushes, the hundred weight -

Hemp, viz.

— — drested, imported in a british built ship, the hundred

weight — —

— imported in a foreign ship, the hunc

weight — — —

— rough or undressed, imported in a british built £

the hundred height — —

- —«— - imported in a foreign ship, hundred weight NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which a Ay sort of hemp of the growth of Ireland and all the production thereof, as thread, yarn, and linen of the manufacture of Ireland or any manufacture of hemp in Ireland, may be imported from thence duty free, vide 7 & 8 W. 3 cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26. And for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which'hetnp of the produce of the British plantations in Ataerica may be imported duty free, vide 8 Geo. 1 capk2.

Hides, viz.

— Coi' or Ox Hides, in the Hair, the piece — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftri£tions1 under which raw or undreded hides of cattle of what kind soever (except of horses, mares, or geldings may be imported without payment of any duty from] Ireland or any of the British colonies in America, vide9Geo. 3. cap. 39; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29 Cow or Ox Hides tanned, the pound —

Elk. vide skins.

of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair, the piece

— - - — the pound

Indian Hides undrelied, the piece —

— - - Lorn Hides, the pound — —

— Mitfcovy or Rullia Hides tanned, the pound

Hones, the hundred containing 5 score — — —

the barrel containing 42 gallons —

Hoops of lion for Calks, the hundred weight —

of Wood for Coopers, the thousand — —

the hundred weight — —

Hbrds of Cows or Oxin, the hundred containing 5 score —

— — - Harts or Stags, vide Drugs.

Horn tips, the hundred containing 5 score — —

Hair, vide Hair.

-- -- - — Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats.

-- -- -- Hides, vide Hifies.

Horses, m^tcs, or Geldings, the Horse, Mare or Gelding NB. For the free importation of cattle from Ireland vide C Geo. 3. cap. 10; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. Homan Hdir. vide Hair.

Hnngary water. vide Sjriritt. o

Doty. 3rawba

£ J £ '

4 S 0 3 I

240 i 19

2 691 19 L

0 3 8 0 3

0 3 11 0 3

009

0 0

0 0 5

0 0 9

0 0 5*

0 1 2

0 0 10

0 0 8

0 11 0

0 8 10

0 11 5

0 5 11

5 1810

0 1 10

0 0 7

2 4 0

0 0 (

0 0 I

0 0 (

0 1 i

0 0 <

0 0 i

O JO C

0 7 14

0 Q <

0 5 3

4 3 i

0 1?

0 0

119

j; ?7*] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C SCHEDULE A. Duty. 99 Drawback;

INWARDS.. I. Jersey, iaiod of. NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which goods, wares, and merchandise (except salt) of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the ihands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark or Alderney, may be imported without payment of custpms, vide 3 Geo. i. cap. 4; and 5 Geo. 1. cap. 18. £ d. £ da

Jet, the pound — - — Jewels, vide Diamonds. 009 0 0 s

incle unwrought or Short Spinne|, the pound — 0 0 3i 000

— wrought, the dozen pounds — — Iodian corn. vide Corn. 194 1 5 4

Iodico, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Indico may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15. 006 000

Ink for Printers, the hundred weight — — Iron, viz. 0 8 10 0 7 10

— in Bars or unwrought, of Ireland, the tonne — ported in a british built Blip, I 10 10 1 7 4

the tonne — — portedin a foreign ship, the s 16 2 2 is 9

tonne — — or Russia, imported in a Bri 3 9*2 12

tifh built ship, the tonne — or Raffia, imported in a foreign 2 16 2 2 12 8

ship, the tonne — — of Ireland, slit or hammered into rods, the hundred 3 7 3 2 12 8

weight — — - 0 4 5 0 3 it

square, the hundred weight — — — of Muscovy or Ruilia, slit or hammered into rods, and iron drawn or hammered less than % f n inch square, imported in a british built 0911 095

ship, the hundred weight and iron drawn or hammered less than^of an inch square, imported in a foreign ship, 0911 09i

the hundred weight — " — of any other country, slit or hammered into rods, and iron drawn or hammered less than £ of an inch square. 0 10 3 O9s

the hundred weight — — — Hoops, vide Hoops. 0911 09S

— - Ore, the tonne — mm ". 029« 026

INWARDS.

Iron. viz.

— Old broken and old call Iron, the tonne —

— Pig Iron from the British plantations, the tonne

— — f Wire, vide Wire.

NB. Fof the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which bar iron and pig iron made in his Ma

23 Geo. 2. cap. 29; and 30 Gheo. 2. cap. 16. Isinglass. vide Drugs.

Juice of Lemons, the tonne containing 252 gallons - Limes, the gallon — —

Ivory, the pound — — —

K.

Kelp, the tonne — — —

Kits of Wood, vide Pails of Wood.

Knees of Oak. vide Wood.

L

Lace, viz.

— Bone Lace of Thread, the dozen yards Lambs Wool, vide Wool.

Lamp Black, the hundred weight - —

Lard, the pound — —

vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 12; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. $3. Lathwood. vide Wood,

Latten, viz.

- - - Black, the hundred weight — — -

— Shaven, the hundred weight —

— Wire, vide Wire.

Lawns, vide Linen.

Lead ore, the tonne — —

Lead, Black, Red, or White, vide Drugs.

Leaves of Gold, the 100 leaves — —

Lemons, the thousand — — —

of. vide Juice of Lemons.

' pickled, the tonne containing 252 gallons Lignum vitae, vide Wood.

Lime juice, vide Juice of Limes.

Linen, viz.

-- -- -- - Alexandria or Turkey plain, not exceeding one y

in width, the ell — —.

width, the ell Cailicoes, viz.

east-india company, the piece: e of callicoe of the breadth of one arter or under hall exceed in leagt

Duty [Drawback.

C*£ i

0139036»1 0 12 6 05°

30 5 003 023 365 0 0 z 0 2 0

0 16 6 0 15 0

0 17 8 0 is 8

1 15 3 00199 I 13 3 000 '

013 3 120 0 12 3 1 0 4

0178 0 is 8

0 1 2 0 4 S 0 1 0 0 3 n

i is 3 1 13 3

d 007 n 0 0 10 006 009

le d 5 5 in 0 $ 0

loi

INWARDS.

Liam, continued.

Calicoes, viz.

yirds i and no piece of callicoe above that breadth hall exceed LIX yards; and if any piece of callicoe hall exceed those lengths, the same hall be charged according to the refpeaive lengths of ten yards and six yards for each piece, and Stall pay duty for the same in that proportion for any greater or le/ter quantity, vide 4 and 5 W. and M. cap. $.

and besides, for every ioo. of the true and real value of such gopds according to the gross price at which the same ball be publicly sold at the sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies - —

The drawback of the last mentioned further duty of i 6: 1 or. to be allowed on the exportation of web goods, shall be for every ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods Qiall have bpen publicly sold at the sales of Die united company of merchants of England trading to the Ealt Indies, viz. r —»if exported to Africa —

< if exported to the british colonies or plantations in America —

*- if exported to any parts or places beyond

the seas (except to the british colonies or plantations in America), if the aid goods hall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in this kingdom — —

if exported to any parts or places beyond the seas (except to Africa or the british colonies or plantations in America, ) if the said goods hall be exported from this kingdom without having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed therein — —

r — Cambricks ind French Lawns to be fecared in warehouses for exportation, the half piece, containing 6{ else —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Cambricks and French Lawns may be imported to be secured in warehouses for exportation, vide 32 Geo. 2. cap. 32; and 7 Geo. 3. cap 43, '

*1 Canyas, VI —

— Canvas, or Dutch Barrafs, the 120

else — r — —

' Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or queenborough Canvas, the 120 full -

Hi

£. / d.

16 IO 0

OOO

p90

000

00c

006

1 7 C o 18 a

Drawback. £

000

X 6 10 o 11 15 o

16 10 0

14 10 o 000

5 $

o 16 11

ioi

INWARDS.

Linen, continued —

— —*viz.

-« Poldavies, the bolt containing 28 else »- Damaflc Tabling, of the manufacture of Holland or any other of the united provinces, viz.

not exceeding 1 ell f in breadth, the yard 11 1 above 1 ell and under 2 else in breadth,

i the yard — —

"of the breadth of 2 else or upwards, and

under 3 else, the yard —

of the breadth of 3 else or upwards, the yard — -

m Damask Tabling of Ireland, vide iri(h Cloth.

— - -- -- -- -- of Russia. vide Linen of Russia

- — Tabling of s^lefia making, or of any otl

place not otherwise enumerated, the yard Damask Towelling and Napkining, of the manufacture

of Holland or any other of the united provinces, the yard — — "

— — — — of Ireland, vide Irish Cloth.

— - - of Russia. vide Linen of Russia —

— Silcfia making, or of any other

place not otherwise enumerated, the yard —

jm Diaper Tabling of the manufacture of Holland or any other of the united provinces, viz. '

— — not exceeding 1 ell^in breadth,

the yard — —

— — — above 1 ell f in breadth, and under

2 else, the yard —

-- — of the breadth of 2 else or upwards

and under 3 else, the yard V

..............of the breadth of 3 else, or up

wards, the yard —

fc. Diaper Tabling of Ireland, vide Irish Cloth.

— — -- -- -- -- of Russia. vide Linen of Russia —

— — Silcfia making or of any other

place, not otherwise enumerated, the yard —

— Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the manufacture of Holland or any o: her of the united pro vinces, the yard — —

— ..... ........of Ireland, vide Trifh Cloth.

— of Russia. vide Linen of Russia

— - Silesia making, or of any other

place not otherwise enumerated; the yard —

— Drillings and Packduck, the 120 else —

— — — Flanders and Holland Linen plain, not otherwise

£

00 so

0 5 4

0 6 2

0 7 0

0 4

0 I 3

0 1 11

enumerated, viz.

not exceeding 1 ell breadth, the ell

in

00 5

025

0210

° 3 2 048

oil

o p 10

° 5 5 4

o 1 4

INWARDS. '* d

iaen, continued.

Flanders and Holland Linen, viz. above i ell and under 2

else, in breadth, the ell > of the breadth of 2 else or upwards, and under 3 else, the ell

of the breadth of 3 else or upwards, the ell German, Switzerland, East country (except Raffia) and Silesia Cloth, plain, viz.

- - above the breadth of 314 inches,

and not exceeding 36 inches, the 120 else

above 36 inches in breadth, the

120 else — # —

, 1 —*not above 31 \ inches in breadth,

the 120 else Hinderlands, Brown, viz.

- under 214 inches in breadth, the 120

else..

— Cloth, Plain, not exceeding 36 inches in

breadth, the 120 else

exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which linen (except cambricks and lawns, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 43), of the manufacture of Ireland, not being chequered, striped, printed, painted, stained or dyed, may be entered without payment of duty, vide 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26.

— Lawns, viz.

— " 1 Silesia and all other lawns plain (except

lawns of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king), not bleached in Holland, the piece not ex ceeding 8 yards in length o 3

- Silesia and all other lawns plain (except

lawns of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king bleached in Holland, the piece not exceeding 8 yards in length — —

— Oil Cloth, not exceeding yard wide, the ejl exceeding yard wide, the ell

o 1 7

019

027

3 1 S

4 14 5*4 7

o 16

0124 2 5 4

Packduck. vide Drilling.

Raffia Linen, Plain, viz.

-- -- -- -- Towelline and Napkining of the manufacture

of Russia, not exceeding 224 inches in breadth, imported in a british built ship, the 120 else*— —

rrr*Towelling and Napkining of the manufac lufc of Russia, not exceeding 22i inches in

3 10

0 4

9 7

*5 5

S

(Drawback.

o V S 017

O 2 (

2 16 5

495 1 2 7

>5 I 011 4

4 4

o 2 10 ° J 7

0 0 4

O

o 14 0

INWARDS.

Linen, continued.

— 11 Russia Linen, via.

t breadth. Imported in a foreign ship, the

120 else — — —

— — Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enume*T rated, not exceeding 22^ inches in breadth

imported in a british built ship, the 120 2 _ else - _ —

j.... Narrow Russia Linen, not otherwise enumerated,

not exceeding 22* inches in breadth imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 22^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding inches, imported in a british built ship, the 120 else

Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not other wise enumerated, exceeding 22^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding 31^ inches, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else ! Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 3 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 36 inches, imported in a british built ship, the 120 else

-- -- -- Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not other

wise enumerated, exceeding 31^ inches in breadth, and not exceeding 36 inches, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else'— Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 45 inches, imported in a british built ship, the izo else 1 Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, and not exceeding 45 inches, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else»Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 45 inches in breadth, imported in a british built ship, the 120 else — —

— — - — Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, hot other wise enumerated, exceeding 45 inches in breadth, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else — —

r Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Holland, or of any other of the united provinces, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else — —

-- Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Holland or of any other of the united provinces, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else — —

t1 — Sail Cloth, or Sail Ducjc of Russia, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, imported in a british built jffiip, the 120 else — —

I. C 15. Duty. 1 ti Drawbac

C - £*-

0 16 I914 1

0 16 5 015 1

0 17 2 015 1 '

\ 7 t»1

1 s 8 1?

1 ><> 11 113 it

1 18 6 1 ij 11

3 9" 3 j

311 6 3 t

4 14 S 495

4 17 2 49i J

2 3 \ 0 0 0

3 16 1 0 0

2190 0 0

INWARDS.

Linen, continued.

.....Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Russia, not exceeding

36 inches in breadth, imported in a foreign ffiip; the 120 else — — —

Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Russia, exceeding 36

inches in breadth, imported in a bxitish built ship, the 120 else — — —

— Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Russia, exceeding 36,

inches in breadth, imported in a foreign ship, the 120 else — — —

— Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, not otherwise enumerared.

not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else

Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, not otherwise enumerated,

exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the iso else'— Sail Cloth, or Canvas, of the manufacture of Ire land, on which the bounty of 4d. the yard has been there granted, being of the value of d. the yard or upwards, the yard a — —

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, concerning such Sail Cloth or Canvas, vide 23 Geo. 2 cap. 32.

— Sail Cloth, or Canvas, of the manufacture of Ireland,

on which the bounty of id. the yard has been there granted, being of the value of 10d. the yard, and under the value of 14^. the yard, the yard NB. For the conditions, regulations, and rednclions, concerning such Sail Cloth or Canvas, vide 23 Geo. 2. cap. 32.

Sheets old, the piece ' — —

— — Spanish or Portugal Linen plain, viz.

— not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the ell

- exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the ell

— Turkey Lincq. vide £inen of Alexandria, f/ufeed. vide Seed.

Liquorice, vide Grocery.

Juice, vide Succus Liquoritiae, under Drugs, litharge of Gold or Silver, vide Drugs.

Litmus, the hundred weight — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and rcftri&ions, under which Litmus may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. I. cap. 15. Lobflers. vide Fish.

Logwood, vide Wood.

Lumber, vide Wood.

Luteftrings or Catlings, the gross containing twelve dozen knots — — — —

M.

Mace, vide Grocery.

Madder, the hundred weight. — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Madder may be entered without pay j&ctat of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15.

105

Drawback,

d.

/.

d.

3 «4 9

16

2 1 9

34 9

004

000

000

000

000

000

000

o o

000

o 6

o o

o

o

4*

7 %

3 4

000

026

° 4

022

O Q

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Madder Root, vide Drugs.

Mahogany, vide Wood.

Maize, vide Corn.

Man, Isle of.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which beftials and other goods, wares, and merchandise, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the lfle of Man (with exceptions as to some articles) may be imported directly from thence without payment of customs, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 43. Maps, the map — — —

Marble, vide Stones.

Mares, vide Horses.

Marmalade, vide Drugs.

Mads, vide Wood.

Mats of Russia, viz.

— imported in a british built ship, the hundred containing five score — — — —

— — in a foreign ship, the hundred containing nve score — — — — '

of Barbary or Portugal, the yard —

— of Holland, the yard — —

Meal, vide Corn.

Mead, the hogshead containing 63 gallons — Medlars, the bafhei — — —

Melafies, viz.

— 1*of and from the British. plantations in America

the hundred weight — —

v not of and from the British plantations in America, the hundred weight — —

Metal, viz.

— — Leaf (except of leaf gold) the packet containing 250 leaves — — —

— " prepared for battery, the hundred weight Metheglin, the hogihead containing 63 gallons Millboards, vide Pafteboards, under Wood.

Millstones. vide Stones.

Mohair Yaru. vide Yarn.

Morels, the pound ' — —

Moss, viz.

— Rock Moss for dyers use, the tonne containing twenty

hundred weight — — —

Mum, the barrel containing 32 gallons«—

NB. Subject also to the duty of excise.

Mullard Sped, vide Seed.

N.

Neats Tongues, the dozen*—

— — — y of Ireland, vide bees.

tyecjclacfs. vide Bracelets.

Nicaragua Wood, vide Wood

Nutmegs, vide Grocery.

Duty

o o

o 11

o 11

o o P O

o 8

O 2

O II

0 o

1 11

p 8

o 1

O I

J Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13, ioy

SCHEDULE A. Doty. [Drawback.

INWARDS.

Nats, viz,

— Chestnuts, the bushel> —

— -- -- Nuts, thtf bushel — — —

— Walnuts, the bushel — — —

Oak Bark (when allowed to be imported) the hundred weight — — — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restations, under which Oak Bark may be imported, vide 12 Geo. 3. cap. 50; and 24 Geo. 3. fefl. a. cap. 19,

Oak Boards, vide wood.

Oakcr, the bushel — — — —

the hundred weight —

Oak Plank, vide Wood.

Oak Timber, vide Wood.

Oars, vide Wood.

Oats, vide Corn.

Oil, viz.

— Sailad Oil, imported in a british built ship, the gallon

— imported in a foreign ship, the gallon

— Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in a british built

ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons — Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons —

— Rape and Linseed Oil, the tonne containing 252 gallons

— —

— Oil of Hemp Seed, or any other Seed Oil, not otherwise

enumerated, the tonne containing 252 gallons

— Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of foreign fishing,

the tonne containing 252, gallons — '

— Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of British fishing,

viz.

- of Greenland and parts adjacent, the tonne

containing 252 galions, — —

- of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any shipping belonging to his majesty's colonies or plantations and imported in such shipping, the tonne containing 252 gallons —

- of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by

any shipping belonging to his majesty's colonies or plantations and imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain, the tonne containing 252 gallons — — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, or any other produce of Seals or other fish or creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Teas, or davis's Straights, or in the seas adjacent, by British subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, 'trin the [Hands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, may U imported in british built ships without paying

C*£*4*

o 1 5

009 000

9 o 1

7 o

7 9

o i j

008

00$

000

*3

18

4 °

3 p

a.

S 3

o 15 5

o 12 2

I o 10

494 9

9 °

12 14 o

13 13 o

t 11 3

012 s

10 j

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.'d

Oil, continued.

Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil of British (idling, viz.

any duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41* And for the conditions, regulations, and redri&ions, under which Oil, head matter, or other produce of Whales or other creatures living in the leas, taken and caught in ahy part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, wholly owned by his miqedy's subjeas usually redding therein respectively, may upon importation into Great Britain be admitted to entry and landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. jo.

of Newfoundland and like sort, the tonne coq taining 252 gallons — — 165

vie

of Newfoundland and like sort, taken by hipping belonging to any of his majesty's colonies or plantations and imported in such ship ping, the tonne containing 232 gallons — of Newfoundland and like sort, taken by

hipping belonging to any of his majesty's colonies or plantations and imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain, the tonne containing 232 gallons — — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and redridions, under which Oil or Blubber of d(h or creatures LIVing in the Teas, caught and taken on the banks and (bores of the island of Newfoundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subje&a carrying on the said {ithtry from his majesty's European dominions, and usually redding in the said dominions, may be admitted to entry duty free, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26 And for the conditions, regulations, and redrittions under which Oil, head matter, or other produce ol Whales or other creatures living in the (eas, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crews o! any ships or vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland or the islands of Guernsey, Ierfey or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's subjects usually redding therein reflectively, may upon importation into Great Britain be admittea to entry and landed with out payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3 cap. 50.

Oil Cloth, vide Linen.

Olives, the hogshead containing 63 gallons 7 olive Wood, vide Wood.

Onions, the buihel —

Onion Seed, vide Seed.

Oranges and Lemons, the thousand — —

the hundred weight — —

NB For the conditions, regulations and rcdri&ions,

Doty.

o 13 J

o9u

of

1 IS 3

o93

o 4 i o Q 4

drawback.'

INWARDS, under which Orchal may be entered without payment of any doty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15 Orchelia, or Archclia, the hundred weight —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Orchelia may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15. Orfedew, the dozen pounds — —

Ostrich Feathers, vidie Feathers

Ontnal Thread, vide Thread.

Oysters. vide fi£h.

P.

Packthread, the'hundred pounds —

Paling Boards, vide Wood.

Pails of Wood or Kits of Wood, the dozen —

Painters Colours of all sorts, not otherwise enumerated, the pound — —*—

Paper, viz.

— — — Atlas, ordinary, the ream — -

-- -- fine, the ream — —

- - Baliard, or double Copy, the ream —

- — Blue Royal, the ream - —

— Bine Paper, for sugar bakers, the ream —

- — Brown Paper, the bundle containing 40 choir

— Cap. the ream — —

— Cap. viz.

— fool's Cap. fine, the ream —

— fool's Cap. second, the ream —

— — Genoa fool's Cap. fine, the ream —

— Genoa fool's Cap. second, the ream

— German fool's Cap. the ream —

— fine Printing fool's Cap. the ream

— - second ordinary Printing fool's Cap. the

ream — —»—

-- -- Cartridge Paper, the ream — —

— Chancery double, the ream —-

— Crown, viz.

— -- -- fine Genoa Crown, the ream —

— second Genoa Crown, the ream

German Crown, the ream —

— - fine Printing Crown, the ream -

-- -- -- second ordinary Printing Crown, the ream

' Demy, viz,

-- -- -- Demy fine, the ream — —

Demy second, the ream — —

— Genoa Demy, fine, the ream —

— - " Genoa Demy second, the ream —

— -- -- German Demy, the ream —

-- -- -- Printing Demy, the ream

i.

060

£* s

000

a s s

Elepliant, Ordinary, the ream

fine, the ream

fool's Cap. vide Cap Paper.

by

0 13 3 0 11 9

0 i: 10 0 1 8

0 0 2 0 0 LI

1 8 10 0 0 0

2 5 2 0 0 0

O 5 4 0 0 0

O 8 6 0 0 0

O 7 1 0

O a 11 a 0 0

O 4 11 0 0 0

O 6 2 0 0 0

O 5 4 a 0 0

O 4 7 0 0

O 39tx 0 0

O 390 0 0

O 390 0 0

O 3 4, 0 0 0

O 590 0 0

O 5 0 0 0 0

O 4 7 0 0 0

O 390. 0 0

O 390 0 0

O 390 0 0

O 3 4 0 0 0

O3 6 0 0 0

O 11 0 0 .0 0

0 690 0 0

O 5 11 0. 0 0

O 5 11 0 0 0

O 6 2 0 0 0

O 12 3 0 0 0

I 5 4 0 0 0

4

i id Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [1787.

SCHEDULE A. Duty. jdrawback.

INWARDS. £. s. d. £ > i

Paper, continued.

Imperial fine, the ream «*- — 2 5 2 OOO

I l6 II 0 0 0

Lombard, viz. German Lombard, the ream 0 390 0 0

- Medium, viz. O l6 2

0 0 0

O 12 11 OOO

O IO 5 0 0 0

Poll, viz. — small Poll, the ream — — 0, 9I O 5 1 0 o' 0 000

— — fine large Poll, weighing fifteen pounds per 087

ream, or upwards, the ream — — fine large Poll, weighing under fifteen pouhds 000

per ream, the ream o79 OOO

—* Pot, viz.

'u — fine Genoa Pot, the ream - o34 OOO

—; second Genoa Pot. the ream, 0 3 4 000

ordinary Pot, the ream — 0 34 000

- — — superfine Pot, the ream — 0 5 4 OOO

>*— «- second fine Pot, the ream^> Prefiing Paper, the hundred weight — 047 000

0 12 10 0 0 JO

Royal, viz. rf*roynl fine, the ream — 1 5 4 000

'fupor Royal sine, the ream — 1 11 11 000

second writing Royal, the ream — 1«3 000

second writing super Royal, the ream 1 5 4; 0 0 0

- Genoa royal sine, the ream — ©14 5 OOO

— Genoa Royal second, the ream — 0 13 1 0 0 0

— fine Holland Royal, the ream — 0 14 5 000

' — second fine Holland Royal, the ream on 0 0 0 0

ordinary Royal, the ream 0 7 9- 0 0 0

Parchment, the dozen containing twelve fiiceta —»° 490 0 0

Pafteboafds or Millboards, vide Wood. Paving Stones, vide Stones.

Pearls, vide Diamonds. Pears, the bushel — — — 1 5 0 I S

Pears, dried, the buihel — — 009 0 0

Peas. vide Corn. Pebble Stones, vide Stones. Pelts, vide Skins. Pepper, vide Grocery. — — Guinea Pepper, vide Drugs.^Long Pepper, vide Drugs. 880

Perry, the tonne containing 252 gallons — NB. Subject also to the duty of ekeife. 7 7 0

Pewter, old, the hundred weight — — 0 1390 is 6

Pickled Cncumbers. vide Cucumbers. Pickles of all sorts, not otherwise deferiked and enumerated, the gallon — — 009 0 0 7

pi&nres of four feet square or upwards, the picture 3 11 6 | 0 0 0

1 imported by ihc.ealt India company, the piduire 37 0 j 0 0 9

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. m

SCHEDULE A. Doty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Pidaret, continued. £-'*. £

picture — — Pimento, vide Grocery. Pitch, not being the produ& of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, viz. — - imported in a british built ship, the lad containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31 \ gallons — imported in a foreign ship, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 314 gallons — of the product of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31* gallons Plank, vide Wood. Planks of Ireland, vide Wood. 278 211 4 1 310 1 s 8 000 000 000 000

0125 0112

0 13 1 0 11 2

Oil 0 099

Placer of Paris, the hundred ponnds — Platting or other manufacture of baste, draw, chip, cane, of hdrfe hair, to be used in or proper for making hats 0x1 0 0 $

or bonnets, the pound — — 0 1 10 o f 8

Plate of Silver ungilt, the ounce troy ' — 022 0 0 0

ounce troy — — tn h O O 0 00 09o

ounce troy — — 037 0 2 0 060 boo

ounce troy — — O 3 IO 000

Plate wrought of gold the ounce troy — I IO O 000

ounce troy — — Plate battered, fit only to be re manufactured. vide Bullion. 2 7 8 boo

Platters of Wood, the (hock containing sixty — — dried, vide Grocery. Poiooia Wool, vide Wool. o29 026

Pomegranates, the thousand*pomegranate Peels, vide Drags. Pomice Stones, vide Stones. Pork, from Ireland. NB. For the free importation of faked Pork from Ireland, vide 8 Geo. 3. cap. 9; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. 0 8 10 0 7 10

Potatoes, the hundred weight — — 038 0 3 $

Pots, viz. Melting Pots for goldsmiths, the hundred Powder of Sago, vide Sago Powder. 007 006

Powder of Brass for japanning, the ounce — Powder, vide Gunpowder. 002 0 0 1*.

Powder, viz. Hair Powder, the hundred weight — Prerious Stones.: vide Diamonds. 5 S 8 000

Prints, vis. Paper Prints, the piece — OO6 000

ia

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 13* [*787.

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback

inwards prunes, vide Grocery. Prunelloes. vide Drugs. Paddings vide Saufages. Quarters, vide Wood. Quern Stones, vide Stones. £*d. £ / A

Quills, viz. Goose Quills, the thousand — — 00c

Swan Quills, the thousand »-< j 0 1 8

Quinces, the hundred containing 5 score R. Rags old, old ropes, or junks, or old fi flung nets, fit only for the making paper or pasteboard NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which these articles may be imported, without paying any duty for the same, vide 11 geo.i. cap. 7. Raisins. vide Grocery. 0 1 10 017

Rape of Grapes, the tonne containing 252 gallons — Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed. NB. Under the 15 Geo. 3. cap. 34. all Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, commonly used for the purpose of manure, may be imported iron? Ireland, duty free. Rape Seed, vide Seed. Rattans, vide Canes. Red Wood, vide Wood. Red Wool, vide Wool. Reeds, vide Canes.' 5 ll 4 8 11 1 1 1

Rennet, the gallon — — 0 0 aj Pol

Bice, the hundred weight — — — imported by the east-india company; the hundred 0 7 4 0 7 4

weight — Rice, of the growth and production of any of the British plantations in America, imported for the purpose of exportation into the ports of Plymouth, Exeter, Pool, Southampton, Chichester, Sandwich, and Glasgow, and the members thereunto belonging, and into the ports of Brillol, Liverpool, Lancaster, 0 8 10' 0 8 io 1 j

and Whitehaven, the hundred weight — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which fu$h Rice may be so imported, and the remaining duties thereon secured by bond of the importer, vide 5 Geo. 3. cap. 45; and la Geo. 3. cap. 6p. Rock Moss. vide Moss. Ropes new. vide Cordage. Ropes old. vide Rags. Rosa Solis, vide Spirits. Rosin, Of the product of any of the dominions or plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain, the hun QO 0 0 000

dred weight - — 1 (jock^ic 016 0 1 4

SCHEDULE. A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS, Ed, condoned. — 00c of the product of any of the dominions or plan canons belonging to the crown of Great Britain, imported io a bntifh built ship, the hundred weight — not of the prodo of any of the.dominions or plan tat ions belonging to the crown of Great Botain, & u d.' dm

023 0 a a'

imported in a foreign ship, the hundred weight 10d Wood, vide Wood, hies, ride Diamonds. 024 0 2 t

gs, via. Irish Rugs, the piece — - — m. vide Spirits, C vide Corn. 030 028

S lower, the pound — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflrittions, oader which Saflower may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15. Iron, vide Drugs. go Powder. NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflridlions, under which Sago Powder may be imported from any of his majesty's colonies in North America without O 0 LI 000

payment of any duty whatever, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 50; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29. I Clock, vide Linen. If, viz. - to be used in curing of fish, imported in a british built ship, the wey containing 40 bushels, each bushel

84 pounds — —, to be used in curing of fish, imported in a foreign Ship, the wey containing 40 bushels, each bushel being 05u 053

84 pounds — — not for coring of fish, imported in a bmifh buik ship, the wey containing 40 bushels, each bushel being 063 0 $ 4

84 pounds — — not for coring of fish, imported in a foreign ship, the wey containing 40 bushels, each bushel being 84 OU O O to

pounds — — - imported from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, to be used in curing fish, the wey con 0 II90 10 9

taining 40 bushels, each bushel being 84 pounds imported from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, not for curing fish, the wey containing 0 II*5 £

40 bushels, each bushel being 84 pounds NB. Fur the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the importer or proprietor of any foreign Salt may secure the whole duties of customs by bond, and under which, on the exportation thereof, the bond having been first discharged in money, the exporter shall be allowed a drawback of all the duties ofeuftoms, side 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26. hi. xxm i 1 cjo OII5 > °gle 0 10 9

J xj Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C 13.

SCHEDULE A.;

INWARDS.

Salt, continued.

Salt is also subjefi to the duties on Salt under the management of the commissioners of that revenue sak Petre, the hundred weight — s —

— — by the east-india company, the hundred

, weight —*— —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftrifbions^ under which thd whole duties of customs may be drawn back on Salt Petre used and consumed in making oil of vitriol, vide 23 Geor3. cap. 77; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53.

Sark, island of. vide Jersey, island of.

Saufogcs, or puddings, the pound — —

Scaleboards. vide Boards, under Wood.

starjet Powder. vide Grain Powder.

Scoops of Wood, the dozen — —

Sea Morse Teeth, or Sea Horse Teeth, the pound Seeds, viz.

-- -- -- Agnus Callus Seed, vide Drugs.

— -- Ameos Seed, vide Drugs.

— -- -- Araomi Seed, vide Drugs.

— -- -- Canary Seed, the hundred weight —

— carraw^y Seed, vide Drngs.

-- -- -- Carthamus Seed, vide Drugs.

— -- Clover Seed, the hundred weight —

-- -- -- - Cole Seed, the quarter containing 8 buftiels

— Coriander Seed, vide dugs

— Seed, vide Drugs.

—: — Fennel Seed, vide Drugs.

-*- Hemp Seed, the quarter containing 8 bulb else

— -- Lin seed.

NB. For the exemption From duty on Linseed,

3 Geo. 1. cap. 7.

- — — Lucerne Seed, the hundred weight —

-- -- -- Maw Seed, the hundred weight —

- Millet Seed, the hundred weight —

-- -- -- - Mutlard Seed, the hundred weight —

— -- -- -- Onion Seed, the hundred weight —

— Piony Seed, vide Drugs.

— Poppy Seed, vide Drugs.

«'-1 — Rape Seed, the quarter containing 8 bushels

Seed and all other seeds commonly made use

of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom, being of the growth of Ireland and imported from thence, the Taft containing 10 quarters, each quarter containing 8 bushels — — —

For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which such Seed may be imported on payment < of the duty of one shilling the last, vide 15 Geo/ 3

cap. 34.

— - Semen Cucutneris, Cticurh# Citrol, of Melons vide Drugs.

n. C 13.. daty. [i78 Drawba

£ / d' £ -

L O.: 2 3 0 1

o79 0 7

\ OO L 0 0

O Oil 0 0

008 0 0

0 16 6 0 14 1

029 o 2

0 13 3 0 12

093 0 9

029 0 2

0 15 5 0 14

0 4 5 0 4

023 0 2

0178 0.$

0 13 3 1 0 12

0 1 0 0 0

SCHEDULE A.. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. C*^ £. /.

Seeds, continued. — Thlafpii Semen, vide Drags. — — Seeds for Gardens, vide Drags. Sharing for Hats, vide Platting. Sheep from Ireland. NB. For the exemption from duty on cattle from Ireland, vide C Geo. 3. cap. 10; and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 8. Sheeps Guts dried to make Whips, the gross containing 12 dozen — — — 006 664

Sheeps Wool, vide Wool. Shovels of Wood unihod, the dozen — 029 026

Shruffor old Brass, fit only to be re manufactured, the hundred weight —*— — 0133 0 11

Shumac, the hundred weight — — 0 i s 0 0 0

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reltricticms, under which Shumac may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Gyo, 1. cap. 15. Sider. vide Cider. Silk, viz. — Organzine, and all thrown Silk in the Gum, the potind containing 16 ounces — — 074 I # 0 "0

Drawback, 16 ounces — — 000 0 6 it

taining 16 ounces — — 000 0 65

Raw Silk, the pound containing 16 ounces — 030 006

pound containing j6 ounces — 0 to 0 0 0

Drawback, 16 ounces — 0 0 0 0 2 10

taining 16 ounces — — 000 0 2 0

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and redriftions, under which Raw Silk of the growth and culture of any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in America may be imported directly from thence into the port of London without paying any duty, vide 23 Geo. 2. cap. 20. Silk Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the pound containing 16 ounces — — — 004 0 O

Thrown Silk dyed, the pound containing 16 ounces I 49O 0

Drawback, if exported to Ireland, the pound containing*16 ounces — — 0 0 0 I 2 3

— exported (except to Ireland) the pound con taining 16 dunces — — 000 I I 9

Silk wrought, viz. Crapes or Tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, imported from thence in british built ships, the pound containing 16 ounces -*> 1 13 5 I 4 O

S C H E D U L E A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Silk wrought, viz. otherwise imported, the pound containing x6 £*A

ounces — —*— Silver, vide Plate. Sillers Thread vide Thread. 1 is91 4 0

Skeets for Whitliers, the ikeet — — Skins and Furs, viz. f —»Arm in or Ermm Skins undressed, the timber contain O O u 0 0

ing 40 skins — — — 0 II 0 0 10 0

Badger Skins undressed, the piece — 007 006

— Bear Skins White undressed, the piece — Oil 0 0 10 0

— Bear Skins of any other colour undreited, the piece 056 030

— Beavers Skins undreited, the piece — — Beavers Skins from any of his majesty's dominions in 0 0 8j 000

America, the ikin — — — 001 000

- — - Beaver Wombs, the piece. — — 0 0 5i 000

— Buck or Deer Skins undreited, the ikin — 009 0 0 71

— Buck or Deer Skins Indian half dressed, the pound 0 04^ 003 \

Calabar Skins tawed, the timber containing 40 ikins — Calabar Skins untawed or undreited, the timber con 0 2 3 0 2 0

taining 40 ikins — — — 0 I 10 Ol8

— 4 Calve Skins of Ireland undreited, the dozen — 01 10 O l8

— Calve Skins of any other country undreited, the dozen NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Calve Skins raw or undreited may be imported from Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plantations in America without payment of any duty whatever, vide9Geo. 3. cap. 39; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29. 029 0 2 6

— — - Calve Skins tanned, the pound — 0 0 4i OOO

—*— Cat Skins undressed, the hundred ikins — 0 11 0 0 10 0

Coney Skins, the dozen — — — Cordivants dressed, viz. — — imported by the Eall India company, the] 0 0 31 003

dozen — — — — of Turkey, the dozen — - — Deer Skins, vide Buck Skins. 1 3 6 0 16 2 1 16 4 0 149076 1 5 9

— Dog Skins undreited, the piece — O O L 002

— Dog Fish Skins undressed, the dozen — 0 2 0 0 1 9

— — Elk Skins undressed, the skin — — — - — vide Armin. 0 j 8 0 1 6

— — Fiihfcr Skins undressed, the piece — 0 1 4i 013

— Fitches undressed, the timber containing 40 ikins 0 3«0 3 4

Fox Skins black undressed, the skin — —. 0 2 10 0

- — Fox Skins of all other sorts undressed, the ikin 0 0 004

m — Goat Skins of Ireland undressed, the dozen — Goat Skins of any other country undressed, the 0 1 10 0 1 8

dozen — — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which raw or undressed Goats Skins 'may be u 056 0 O

ij8?.] Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 13.

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Skins and Furs, continued.

imported in bririih built ships, from any port or place whatever without paying doty, vide 15 Geo. 3. cap. 35; and 26 Geo. 2. cap. 53.

— Goat Skins tanned, the dozen —

— Hare Skins undressed, the 120 — —

-- -- Huffc Skins nndressed, the (kin — —

— -- -- imported by the east-india company, the

— Kid Skins in the Hair, the hundred containing 5 score-

-- -- dressed, the 100 containing 5 score —

— — Skins undressed in the Wool, the 120

— Lamb Skins dressed in Alum, the 100 containing

5 score — — — —

-- -- Skins dressed in Oil, the 100 containing 5 score —

— Lamb Skins undressed in the Wool, the 120

— Leopard Skins undressed, the piece —

— Lion Skins undressed, the piece — —

— Martins or Marions undressed, the timber containing

40 skins — — —

— Martins or Martrons Tails, undressed, the 120

— Minks Skins tawed, the timber containing 40 /kins

— Minks Skins untawed pr undressed, the timber con

taining 40 ffeios —. — — »

— Mole Skins undressed, the dozen —

— Moose Skins undressed, the piece —

— Mufqftalh Skins tindressed, the 100 skins —

— Otter Skins undressed, the piece —

— Ounce Skins undressed, the piece —

— Panther Skins undressed, the piece —

— Pelts of Goats dressed, the dozen«—

— Pelts of Goats undressed, the dozeft —

— Pelts of all other sorts undressed, the ipo —

— Raccoon Skins undressed, the hundred skins

— Sables undressed, the timber containing 40 fkini

— Sables Tails or Tips of Sable undressed, the piece

— — Seal Skins undressed, the (kin — —

— Seal Skins caught and taken wholly by his majesty's

subjects carrying on any fishery from any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in America, and usually redding in the said colonies or plantations, and imported in british built ships, the (kin —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftrifhons,

'under which the skins of Seals caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the island of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subje6bf carrying on the said fishery from his majesty's European dominions and usually redding in the said dominions, may be admitted to entry, duty free, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 26. And for the conditions, regulations, and reftrlttions, under which Seal skins, taken and caught in the Greenland Seas, or davis's

13

Duty.

£

d.

O O O II O 2

O 2

*9 3 492 9

14 8

0 4

1 4! 6 11

9

15 o

II o

2 O

0 0 2

117

Drawback.

£. t. d.

OOO

o o 10

O O lo O I

063

011 3

026

5 1° 1 8

0

1

0 A 3 0 0 2

0 2 6

2 IO O

0 10 o

1 o o

0 16 6 05 O

0 0 2 0 0 LI

0 290 2 6

0 >390 12 6

0 1 s 0 1 3

0 3 6 0 3 if

0 5 6 0 5 0

0 290 2 6

0 1 4t 0 1 3

0 8 3 0 7 6

0 >390 12 6

8 5 0 7 IO 0

0' 0 7 0 O 6

0 0 6 0 O 5

o 6 t

4s

*1?

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [i; /8

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Skins, continued.

Straights, or in the teas adjacent, by British subje&§ usually reading in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, may be imported in bricifti built ships without payment of any duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41. And alio for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which the skins of Beals, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's fub jcdts usually redding therein j espectively, may upon importation into Great Britain, be admitted to entry ana landed without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Qeo. 3. cap. 50.

- Sheep skins undressed in the wool, the dozen r - Sheep skins dressed in oil, the dozen —

— — Sheep skins otherwise dressed, the dozen —

T Squirrel lkins undressed. vide Calabar skins.

— Swan skins undressed, the piece —

T — — skins undressed, the piece —

— — Weasel skins undressed, the x20 —

-- -- Wolf skins tawed, the piece — —

-- Wolf skins untawed or undressed, the piece —

-- Wolverings undressed, the (kin — - —

Slates in Frames, vide Stones

Slick Stones, vide Stones.

Slade, the pound — — _

Smalts, the pound — — —

Snuff, imported by the east-india company, the pound

— from the british plantations in America or the Spanish

Welt Indies, the pound — —

- - - from any other place, the pound —

Soap, viz.

— Hard soap, the hundred weight —

-- -- Soft soap, the hundred weight — —

Soapers Waste.

NB. Under the 18 Geo. 2. cap. 22. Soapers \vafle may be imported without paying any duty.

Spanish Wool vide Wool.

s^nrs. vide Wopd.

Speckled Wood, vide Wood.

Speictr, the hundred weight — —

Spinal fine, to make gauze, the pound —

Spinncl (hort. vide litcle.

Spirits, viz.

-- -- — Arrack, imported by the east-india company, the

gallon — — —

-- -- Brandy, of any country or place, the gallon

Citron Water, the gallon — —

... — Geneva, the gallon — —

.....Hungary Wayr, the gallon —. --

Duty. Drawbai

«392 9

£. M.

o 9* o 9

5»o 5 2 10

o tz O X

o o o 2

0 O 10 0 0

0 490 2 <

0 2 6 0 1 1

0 O 11 0 0 1c

0 290 2 i

0 O 11 0 0 1c

0 8 3 0 7 t

0 6 4 0 5 S

0 3 6 0 3

Q 0 6 0 0 i

0 0 4 0 0 3

O 3 3 0 0 G

O 1 6 0 0 0

O 2 2 0 0 0

2 4 0 0 0 0

1 7 5 0 0 0

6

6

8

8

1

4

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III e. 13. SCHEDULE

"9

INWARDS.

Spirits, continued.

- Rosa Soli, the gallon — — r —

— - viz.

-- -- of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any

British colony or plantation in America, the gallon — — —

— Foreign Rum, the gallon.

— Vifney, the gallon — —

-- -- -- Usquebaugh, the gallon — —

Cordial Water, Strong Water, or other spirit, not

other wile described and enumerated, the gallon NB. Spirits are also subject to the duty of excise. Spokes for Wheels, vide Wood.

Sponges. vide Drugs.

Starch, the hundred weight — —

Staves, vide Wood.

Steel, viz.

— Gad Heel, the hundred weight —

— Long Reel, the hundred weight —

— Wisp Reel, the hundred weight — —

— Steel Wire, vide Wire.

Stock Fish. vide Fish.

Stones, viz.

— Dog Rones, not exceeding four feet in diameter, about six inches .in thickness and under twelve inches in thickness, the lar containing three pair — — Emery Rones, the hundred weight —

— — Emery Rones of Turkey imported in a foreign ship,

the hundred weight — —

— Grave Rones, of marble unpoliihed, the foot square

superficial measure — — —

— — Rones, of marble poliihed, the foot square superficial measure — — —

— Grave Rones, not of marble poliihed or unpoliihed, the foot square superficial measure — —

— basons, tables, mortars, and other poliihed

marble (except grave Rones, and paving Rones poliihed) the foot square superficial measure

blocks, the solid foot —

— — Marble paving Rones rough, the foot square superficial measure — — — —

— paving Rones poliihed, the foot square superficial

measure — — — —

— — Rones, above four feet in diameter, or if twelve inches in thickness or upwards, the piece Paving Rones, net of marble, the foot square, superficial measure — — — —

-- -- -- Rones, the tonne — —

r Precious Rones, vide Diamonds.

-- -- -- Pomice Rones, the tonne — —

— — Quern Rones large, three feet in diameter, and not

above four feet ir diameter, and not exceeding

Duty. Drawback.

£'' £ '

0 2 10 0 2 7

005 OOJ

007 0 0 6

0210 o27

0 2 10 o27

0 2 ip 0 2 7

558 0 0 Q

2 5 2 2 0 8

0128 O II II

0128 O 11 If

8 11 8 7* Z

0 1 10 0 1 7

0 111 017

Q O LI 001

Inc O O 0 0 2

0 0'oj 000}

OIO 0 0 10

0 2 0 0 1 10

O O ll 001

0 0 2- 0 0 2

240 I 19 O

0 0 oj 0 0 oj

o96 0 50

0 O 0 2 8

f 20

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III e.3

SCHEDULE

A

INWARDS.

Stones, continued

six inches in thickness, the last containing three 'pair'— — —

— Quern (tones small, under three feet in diameter,

and not exceeding six inches in thickness, the lait containing three pair — —

- — Slates in Frames, the dozen — —

- -- -- Slick Hones, the hundred containing fire score

- — of (late without frames, the piece r

- — the hundred — —

Straw Hats or Bonnets, vide Hats.

Stuffs of all forts"made of or mixed with wool, the yard Sturgeon. Vide Fish.

succades.wet or dry, the pound — —

— — imported by the east-india company, thp pound Succus Liquoritiae. vide Drugs.

Sugar, vide Grocery.

Sugar Candy, vide Grocery.

Sweet Wood, vide Wood.

Swingles, the gross containing is dozen —

T.

Tables of Marble, vide Stones.

Tables of Slate, vide Stones,

Tails of Cows, the hundred containing 5 score -» the hundred weight — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Tallow may be imported duty free, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap. 12; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53. Tar, not being the product of any of the dominions or plan titions of the crown of Great Britain, viz.

— - imported in a british built ship, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31* gal

— imported in a foreign ship, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 317 gal —

— — - the product of any of the dominions or planta tions of the crown of Great Britain, the last containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31* gallons — — —

Tarm?, the bushel — — _ —

the thousand — — —*—

viz.

-- -- - — Bridges Thread, the dozen pounds —

- - Crossbow Thread, the hundred pounds —

-- -- -- Outnal Thread, the dozen pounds —

-- -- -- - Packthread, vide in P.

-- -- -- Sillers Thread, the pound — —

-- -- -- whited brown Thread, the dozen pounds

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Thread and other manufactures made

Duty. Drawbac

ic*£. i

0 19 10 0 17 1

O9II 0 8 1

0 Oil 0 0 i

034 0 3 1

006 0. 0 i

038 0 3 |

056 0 4 1!

008 0 0 2

016 0 1 j

0 16 6 0 1$ 1

029 0 1

092 0 0 1

o 12 4*

o 13

9 8 14 s

17 8

2

*7

0 11

0 n

09

o 0 5

0 1

089 0150

01 6

0**

0.5 8

1787j Anno vicesimo feptirao Georgii lu. 13. SCHEDULE A,

121

INWARDS.

Thread, viz

vide 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2,

cap. 26.

Thrums of Linen or Fuftfan, the pound —

— — - of Woollen, the pound«— —

Tiles, vide Earthen Ware.

Timber, vide Wood.

Tin, the hundred weight — —

Tinglass, the hundred weight — —

Tobacco, viz.

the ponnd —

Rates of America, the pound

fecnred by band, vide 19 Geo. 3. cap. 35; 25 Geo. 3 cap. 81; and 26 Geo. 3. C 52.

Tongues, vide Neats Tongues.

Tortoise Shell, the poand — —

Tow, the hundred weight - -

Tow of Mufcovjr or Rufiia, imported in a foreign ship hundred weight — —

Trays of Wood, the ihock containing 60 —

Treacle Common, vide Drugs.

- — of Venice, vide Drugs.

Trenchers of Wood, the gross containing 12 dozen Trunnels or Tree nails, the thousand — —

the pound — — - —

Tubs of Wood, the dozen — —

Turbots, vide fish.

Turpentine, vide Drugs.

Twine, the hundred weight — —

twir for Bandstrings, the dozen knots —

V

Valonia. the hundred weight — —

cap. 15. Vellum, the skin

Duty. Drawback.

£. t, d. r*» £*d

0 p i 001

003 0 0 z

213 0 000

013 3 > 0119

036 1 t \ 0 3 3

013»r \ r 1 e 013

0 L 3 0 1 il

029 e 026

o, 2 II 026

0 4 5 0 311

0011 0 0 10

023 020

023 020

005 004

0 11 0 099

023 020

012 0 0 0

0 H 0 0 0

SCHEDULE A..

INWARDS.

Verdigreale. vide Drugs.

Vermacelli, the pound —

his majesty's colonies in North payment of any duty whatever, cap. 30; and 21 Geo. 3. cap. 29. ufers. vide Wood.

Vinegar, the tonne, containing 252 gallons Vinelloes, the pound — —

Virginal Wire, vide Wire.

Vifney. vide Spirits.

Usquebaugh. vide Spirits.

W.

Wafers, the pound — —

Wainscot Boards, vide Wood.

Wainscot Logs, vide Wood.

Water, viz.

- - Cordial Water, vide Spirits.

America with vide 7 Geo.

each bottle or flaik not exceeding three pints

Wax, viz.

— Bees Wax White, or manufactured, the hundred weighi

— Bees Wax unmanufactured, the hundred weight

— Hard Wax, the pound — —

— Bay or Myrtle Wax? the pound —

Weld, the hundred weight — —

Whale Fins, viz.

of foreign filling, the tonne containing 20 hundred

weight — —

— of British fisiing, imported in shipping belonging to any of his majesty's colonies or plantations, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight

......* 1 of British filling, imported in shipping belonging

to Great Britain, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which whale fins, taken or caught in th Greenland Seas, or davis's Straights, or in the seas adjacent, by British subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernley, Jersey or Man, may be imported without paying any duty, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 41. And for the conditions, regulations, and reilrictions, under which sins of Whales, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's subjects usually residing therein respectively, are upon importation into

"Great Britain to be Emitted to entry and landed

111. C 13. Duty. [17* Drawbac

£'*d £

0 0 2 0 0 1

32 18 IO 7»1

083 0 7 (

0 0 6 0 0 j

O I IO 0 1 I

3*4 3 1

1 11 7 1 10 7

013 0 1 i

004 0 0 j

0 0 10 0 0 8

97 18 0 88 18 C

2150 1 10 0

1 7 6 0 15 0

SCHEDULE. A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS, without payment of any duty whatever, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap 50. heat, vide Corn, heat Floor, vide Corn, ieifiooes. vide Stones. £

hipcord, the pound — — — bifk Brooms, vide Brooms, bite Lead. vide Drugs. ief — — Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, viz. imported into any port of Great Britain in a british built ship, the tonne containing' 25 2 002 O 0 m

gallons — — in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 33 12 0 0 0 0

252 gallons — — — exported to any British colony or plantation in 37 16 0 ooo

America, the tonne containing 252 gallons — — exported to any other place, the tonne contain 000 33* 0

ing 252 gallons — — Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wines not otherwise enumerated, viz. — imported into the port of London, in a British 000 28 17 6

built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons — in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 19 12 0 ooo

252 gallons — — — having been imported into the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the tonne containing 252 22 8 0 ooo

gallons — — Ooo 19 12 0

containing 252 gallons — - imported into any port of Great Britain, except the port of London, in a british built 0 0 0 1690

ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 252 16 16 0 ooo

gallons — — — having been imported into any port of Great Britain, except the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation 19 12 0 ooo

in America, the tonne containing 252 gallons — exported to any other place, the tonne 000 <6 16 0

containing ^52 gallons — ine entered for Prisage, viz. — Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, viz. - — imported into any port of England, in a British 000 '3 13 0

built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons in a foreign ship, the tonne containing H 69ooo

252 gallons — — — exported to any British colony or plantation in ON mm N ooo

America, the tonne containing 252 gallons exported to any other place, the tonne containing 252 gallons — r cjock^i OOO 24 6 9

rr 0 0 20 13 0

INWARDS.

Wine entered for Prifagc, continued.

—'Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wines

not otherwise enumerated, viz.

imported into the port of London in a British

built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons - in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons , —

— having been imported into the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the tonne containing 252 gallons*— —

- exported to any other place, the tonne containing 252 gallons —

«'- Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wines

not otherwise enumerated, viz.

— imported into any port of England, except the port of London, in a britisi built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons —

Y - — in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons — —

— <- having been imported into any port of England, except the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the tonne containing 252 gallons

-- -- -- exported to any other place, the tonne

containing 2 52 gallons —

NB. Wine is also subject to the duty of excise.

Wine Lees, subject to the same duty as Wine; but no draw back is to be allowed for any Lees of Wine exported Wire, viz.

' Brass or Copper Wire not otherwise enumerated, the hundred weight — —

— - Iron Wire, the hundred weight —

- Latten Wire, the hundred weight —

— ...- Steel Wire, the pound — # —

— Virginal Wire of Brass, the hundred weight

-- - of Iron, the hundred weight

Woad, viz.

— -- -- - Green Woad, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight

-- -- -- Thouloufe Woad, the hundred weight —

Wood, viz.

— Anchor Stocks.

- —.. imported in a british built ship, the piece

— — in a foreign ship, the piece

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

— Baulks, five inches square and under eight inches square,

or if 24 feet in length or upwards,

— imported in a british built ship, the iao

-- -- -- -- in a foreign ship, the 120

Under five inches square, and under 24 feet in length,

— imported in a British built ship the 120 —

£.

H

i6

12

14

7 >» 4 6

o o o o

II 2

7 II

o 0 o 0

12 3 17913 °

o 10 6 11 8 o

13 o

3 8

2 3 2 4

13 o

14 5

1 t 3

£ St

000

000

14 7 n 11 18 1

000

000

12 n 2

10 0 5

290 2 14 0 298 0 096 is 11 6 14 0

56

10

0 2'0*'

1 10

t 10

i 0 3

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. ood, continued. £ / d C d

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Barrel Staves, vide Staves. — Battens, 8 feet in length and not exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, and not exceeding 2j inches in thickness. I 19I 0 3

— imported in a british built ship, the 120 1 6 6 1 5 3

— exceeding 20 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, or if exceeding inches in thickness*3*5 3

— imported in a british built ship, the 120 2130 2 10 6

— in aforeign ship, the 120 Vide the nous inserted at the end of Wood. — Batten Ends, under 8 feet in length, not above 7 inches in width, and not exceeding inches in thickness — — in a british built ship, the a 14 5 2 10 6

120 — inches in width, and exceeding z inches in thickness — — in a british built ship. 0 8 10 091 085 085

the 120 — Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Beech Boards, vide Boards. — Beech Plank, 2 inches in thickness or upwards, — imported in a british built ship, the 0 17 8 0182 0 16 10 0 16 10

load containing 50 cubic feet 0 13 3 O 12 3

containing 50 cubic feet Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Beech Quarters, 5 inches square and under 8 inches square, or if 24. feet in length or upwards, — imported in a british built ship. 0 1390 12 3

the 120* — feet m length, — imported in a british built ship, 2130 2 14 5 2 lo 6 2 10 6

the 120 — Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. 1 1 3 1 19O O

SCHEDULE. A,

u

INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

— Boards, viz.

Beech Boards, under 2 inches in thickness, and

under 15 feet in length,

— — imported in a british built ship, the 120, — — in a foreign ship, the 120 -

under 2 inches in thickness, and

if 15 feet in length or upwards,

— — imported in a british built

ship, the 120»in a foreign ship

the 120

Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square —

— in a British built

ship, the 120 — — in a foreign ship

the 120

- Linn Boards or White Boards for Shoemakers,

under 4 feet in length, and under 6 inches in thickness-

-- -- a british bui

ship, the to

— — - — -- -- -- -- -- in a foreign ship

the 120

- for Shoemakers, feet 1 length, or 6 inches in thickness —

— in a british built

Blip, the 120'in a foreigrt ship

the 120

- Millboards, vide Pafteboards.

- Oak Boards, under 2 inches in thickness, and

under 15 feet in length,

— imported in a bntifh built

ship, the 120 in a foreign ship,

the 120

under 2 inches in thickness, and

Duty. Drawbad

FT

d.

1 6 5

1 7 6

2 12 10 2 13 11

o o

> 4 J*4 5

10

JO

1 19

2 1

39 4

4 Oil

if 15 feet in length or upwards,

— imported in a british built

ship, the 120»in a foreign ship,

the 120 —

Pailing Boards hewed on One side, and not CX ceeding 7 feet in length,

— imported in a british built

ship, the 120

— -- -- -- ina foreign ship,

the 120 — i

V

2 12 10 2 8 10

2 15 0*8 K

00 to 4 '7 |

S 7 417

050 0 4^

0 s 1 0 4 Ifl

0 19 6

0 19 6

1 16 8 1 16 8

3 '? < 33 4

INWARDS.

ood, continued.

— Boards, viz.

-- -- -- - Pailing Boards hewed on one side, and exceeding 7 feet in length,

— imported in a british bfcilt

ship, the 120 in a foreign ship,

the 120 —

— -- -- -- Pasteboards or Millboards,

— — imported in a british built ship, the hundred weight —

m a foreign Ship, the hundred weight

-- -- -- Pipe Boards, above 5 feet 3 inches in length,

and not exceeding 8 feetin length, and under 8 inches square —

— in a british built

ship, the 120

— -- in a foreign Ship,

the 120 —

exceeding 8 feet in length, and

under 8 inches square —

— in a british built

ship, the 120

— 1 — — in a foreign ship,

the 120 —.

> — Scaleboards,

— imported in a british built: feip, the. hundred weight

, — .... -- -- -- -- ina foreign Ship the

hundred weight

-- -- -- -- Wainscot Boards, the inch or foot, containing

12 feet in length, and 1 inch in thickness, and (o in proportion for any greater or lesser length or thickness —

— in a british built

ship — —

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- a foreign ship —

— - - Boards, vide Linn Boards for Shoemakers.

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — - Boom Spars, vide Spars.

-- Boxwood..

in a british built ship, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight —

1 in a foreign ship, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood Brazil or Fernambuck Wood for dyers use, the hundred weight

O IO O

o 10 I

o 10 o

O 10 2

I 10 O

1 IO 3

o o

O 3

Oil o

o 11

9i

2 >3 25

5 10

127

Drawback.

£ d

09 8

098

098

098

196 196

2 19 o 2 19 o

o 10 II

o 10 11

008

008

290

290

000

SCHEDULE A. Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Wood, continued N. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Brazil or Fernambuck Wood for dyer use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. i. cap. 15. Vide also the itooes inserted at the end of Wood.. — Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood for dyers use, the hun C**r £. t.

dred weight < — — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood for dyers use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 19. Vide also the notes inserted at the end t>f Wood. — - Cant Spars, vide Spars. — Capravens. vide Spars. Clapholt. vide clapboards — — — above 7 inches in width, exceeding ao feet in length, and not exceeding'4 inched in thickness, o37 000 I i

imported in a british buift ship, the rao 5 l9 0 5 11 6

— — in a foreign ship, the izo — - above 7 inches in width, exceeding 20 feetirr length, arid exceeding 4 inches in thickness, 632 S XI 6

— imported in a british built ship, the 1-20 # - — —.. in a foreign ship, the 120 — - - above 7 inches in width, being 8 feet in length and not above 20 feet in length, and not exceed ing 3^ inches in thickness — — in tf^british built ship, the 1*0 11x8 0 12 2 2 — 1 0 0

2j3 0 2 10 6

- — — in a foreign ship, the 120 above 7 inches in width, being 8foet in length and not above 20 feet in length, and exceeding 3^ inches in thickness, 2 14 s 2 10 6

— imported in a British built ship, the 120 560 S 1 0

—*in a foreign ship, the 120 Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.«Deal £mls, above 7 inches in width, being under 8 feet in length, and not exceeding 3^ inches in thickness. S 7 5 5 X °

— — imported in a british bubt ship, the 120 0 17 8 0 16 10

length, and exceeding 3^ inches in thickness. 0182 0 16 10

imported in a british built ship, the 120 1 15 4 1 13

— — - in a foreign ship, the 120 Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood, — Ebony, imported in a british built ship, the hundred 1 16 3 1 13

weight — — 0 13 3 OU

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Firkin Staves, vide Staves. / h 0 1390 12 3

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. 129

SCHEDULE A. j | Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. ood, continued. Firewood, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high. £> u d. £ i. d

imported in a british buik ship — 028 02 6

— in a foreign ship — Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Sir Quarters, 5 inches square, and under 8 inches fquar£, or if 24 feet in length or upwards. 029 / 02 6

— — imported in a british built ship, the 120 213 0 2106

- in a foreign ship, the 120 feet in length. 2 H 5 2 10 6

— imported in a british built ship, the 120 — — in a foreign ship, the 120 Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. < — Sir Timber, 8 inches square or upwards, imported in a british built ship, the load i r 3 1 X91 0 3 1 o 3

containing $0 cubic feet — —*in a foreign ship, the load con 068 064

taining 50 cubic feet — Vide th notes inserted at the end of Wood. 0610 064

— Foftick for dyfers use, the hundred weight NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, ofcder which' Fuflick for dyers use may be entered without paynient of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo f. cap. 15..,Vide alfb the notes inserted at the end of Wood. Handfjrtkes, under 7 feet in length. 0010 000

— imported in a british built ship, the xzc 068 062

0 611 062

— imported in abrrtifh built ship, the 120 0 13 4 0x2 4

in a foreign ship, the 120 Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Heacting; Staves, vide Staves. —*Kilderkin Staves, vide Staves — Knees of Oak, under 5 inches square. 0 13 7 0 12 4

— imported in a british bailt ship, the 12c 0 3 4 O 3 (

square. 036 OI

— imported in a british built ship, the 120 113 0 i 10 6

— imported in a british built ship, the load 1 14 5 1 10 6

: containing 50, cubic feet — 0 911 092

contlaining 50 cftbic feet — Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood. — Lath wood, in pieces tinder 5 feet in length, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high. ->*- 0 0 092

— imported in a british built ship' — 0 13 3 0 12 3

Vo*.. XXXV L K.. LG 0 139012 3

i

SCHEDULE A.

INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

— Lathwood, in pieces 5 feet in length or upwards, the

fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet high,

-- imported in a british built ship — —

a foreign ship — —

the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

— Lignum Vitse, the hundred weight —

Vide the notes inferred at the end of Wood.

— Logwood for dyers use, the tonne containing ao hundred

weight — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflriflions, under which Logwood for dyers use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. I. cap. 15.

Vide also the notes inferred at the end of Wood.

— Mahogany, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight. Vide the notes inserted at the ehd of Wood.

— Mails under 6 inches in diameter, vide Spars.

— Mails, 6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches,

-- -- imported in a British built ship, the mall

-- -- ...... in a foreign ship, the mail

-- 8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches,

-- -- imported in a british built ship, the mail

in a foreign ship, the mail

— — 12 inches in diameter or upwards,

— imported in a british built Blip, the mad

— in a foreign ship, the mail

Nicaragua Wood for dyers use, the hundred weight

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reilri&ions, under which Nicaragua Wood for dyers use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.

Vide also the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

— Oak Boards, vide Boards.

-- -- Oak Flank, 2 inches in thickness or upwards,

— imported in a british built 'Blip, the load containing $0 cubic feet —

— — -- -- -- -- -- in a foreign ship, the load

containing 50 cubic feet —

Vide the note. inserted at the end of Wood.

- Oak Timber, 8 inches fauare or upwards,

-- -- imported in a British built ship, the

load containing 50 cubic feet —

- -- -- -- -- -- ina foreign ship, the load

containing 50 cubic feet —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

— Oars, imported in a british built ship, the 120 —

— -»in a foreign flap, the 120 —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

— Olive Wood, imported in a british built Blip, the t

containing 20 hundred weight —

in a foreign ship, the tonne containing

20 hundred weight

i

II C 13. Duty. (1787. Drawback.

£'d. £. i.

0 19 10 0 18 4

i 0 4 0 18 4

023 020

n 0 0 000

240 200

0 1 0 1 0

012 010

° 3 1 0 3 1

036 0 3 1

068 06a

0 6 11 062

0 1 4 000

0 19 10 0 18 4

1 0 8 0 18 4

0911 092

0 19 4 092

1 19 8 1 16 8

2*3 1 16 8

360 3 1 0

V OO O 3 I «>

SCHEDULE. A.

INWARDS.

tod, continued.

Vide the notes inserted at the end, of Wood.

- Paling Boards, vide Boards.

Pipeor Hogshead Staves, vide Staves.

Pianb, of Ireland, the 100 feet —

Bed or Guinea Wood for dyers trfe, the tonne containing

30 hundred weight NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, under which Red or Guinea Wood for dyers use may be entered without payment of any duty whatever, vide 8 Geo. 1. cap. 15.

Vide also the notes inserted at the end of Wood. Roundwood, under 8 inches square, and under 6 feet in length,

— imported in a british built ship, the 120

— — -- -- -- -- -- ina foreign ship, the 10 —

under 8 inches square, and if 6 feet in

length or upwards,

— imported in a british built ship, the 120

in a foreign ship, the 120 —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Scaleboards. vide Boards.

- Span, under 22 feet in length, and under 4 inches in

diameter e*elusive of the bark,

— — imported in a british built ship, the 120

-- -- ina foreign ship, the 120 —

— 22 feet in length, or upwards, and under 4 inches in diameter exclusive of the bark,

— imported in a british built ship, the 120 -» — in a foreign ship, the 120 —

— — 4 inches in diameter, and under 6 inches exclusive of the bark, (

— imported in a British built ship, the 120

— -- -- -- - in a foreign ship, the 120 —

— — 6 inches in diameter or upwards, vide Masts.

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

- Speckled Wood, the hundred weight —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

Spoket for Wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length,

— imported in a british built ship, the 1000

in a foreign ship, the 1000

- — exceeding 2 feet in length,

— impprted in a british built ship, the 1000

- in a foreign ship, the 1000 Vyle the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

Staves, not exceeding 36 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

— imported in a british built ship, the 120

in a foreign ship, the 120 —

*3*

Doty, | Draw back.

id

029

360

— above 36 inches in length and not exceeding 50 inches in lengthy not above 3 inches in thick

*3

*3

6

7

11

11

C

026

boo

0 4 5

19 10 o 8

*9

1

0123.

0 12 3

1 4 i

i 4 6

o 6 X 06s

o 10 X o 10 I

I 2 5

I 2 S

O 4 I

o 18 4

0 18 4

1 16 8 t 16 8

o j 10 o 3 10

anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [1787. SCHEDULE.

A.

INWARDS.

Wood, continued..

— Staves, viz.

nefs, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

-; imported in a british built ship, the 120

—»in a foreign ship, the 120 —

- -- - above 50 inches in length, and not exceeding

60 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

— — imported in a british built ship, the 120

-- -- ina foreign ship, the 120 —

— above 60 inches in length, and not exceeding

72 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

—*imported in a british built ship, the 120

1 — 1 in a foreign'ship, the 120 —

— above 72 inches in length, not above 3 inches in thickness, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth,

— imported in a british buik ship the 120

- in a foreign ship, the 126 —

- above 3 inches in thickness, or above 7 inches

in breadth, and not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, shall be deemed Clapboards, and pay duty accordingly. t above 3 inches in thickness, or above 7 inches in breadth, and exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, shall be deemed Pipeboards, and pay duty accordingly.

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

Sweet Wood, the hundred weight —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

— Timber of Ireland, the tonne or load —

—.Timber of all fprts not otherwise particularly enumerated

and described, being 8 inches square or # tipwards,

— — imported in a british built ship, the load <cont£ining 50 cubic feet —

— in a foreign ship, the load contain

ing 50 cubic feet —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

Trays of Wood,1

— Trenchers of Wood. (, r, . T

Tree nails, or Trunnels; | 1 1 k

— Tubs of Wood. - J

— Users, under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in

length,

— imported in a british built ship, the 120

- — in a foreign ship, the 120 —

— — r; 5 inches square and under 8 inches square, or«if 24 feevin length or upwards,

— imported in a british built ship, the 120 in a foreign ship, the 120

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood,

Duty. Drawback.

£*jc* d

076 0 7 3

0 7 7 0 7 3

0 10 0 09S

0 10 1 098

015 0 0 14 6

0 15 1 0 14 6

0176 0 16 8

0 17 7 0 16 8

5 6 3 o

6 8 6 10

3

9

$ o

0 4 >0 028

064

064

1 b j 103

3 10 6

2 iq 6

*7 j Anno Vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13.

SCREDULE A. Duty.

INWARDS.

ood, continued.

— Wainscot Boards, vide Boards.

— Wainscot Logs, being 8 inches square or upwards,

— imported in a british built ship, the load

containing 50 cubic feet —

- in a fo/eign ship, the load con

taining 50 cubic feet —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

— Wood for dyers use not otherwise enumerated, the

hundred weight — — —

Vide the notes inserted at the end of Wood.

— Wood Scoops, vide Scoops of Wood.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which any sort of unmanufactured Wood, being the growth and product of America (except mads, yards, and bowsprits) may be imported direcuy

from thence in british built vessels without paying any eu&ora or other duty whatever, vide 11 Geo. 3. cap. 4t; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 60.

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reltri&ions, under which any sort of Wood, plank, or timber whatfberer wrought or unwrought (except mads, wards, or bowsprits) or any of the goods called lumber (enumerated in the act of the 8 Geo. 1. cap. il.) may be imported directly from any of his majesty's British plantations or colonies in America, in british built ships free from all customs and impositions, vide & Geo. i. cap. 12; 26 Geo. 3. cap. 53; and 26 Geo. 3. cap. 6o.

00], six.

w — Beaver Wool, duty free.

— — — cut and combed, (except combed in Russia

and imported from thence in british built ships), the pound — —

— Carmenia Wool, vide Hair of Goats.

— Coney Wool, the pound — —.

— Cotton Wool of the British plantations, duty free.

— Cotton Wool not of the British plantations, the pound

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reftridlions, under which Cotton Wool may be imported in bri till built ships without payment of any duty whatever, vide 6 Geo. 3. cap. 52.

— erridge Wool, imported m a british built ship, duty

free.

- imported in a foreign ship, the hundred

weight — —

— hare's Wool, the pound — —

— Irish Wool, combed or uncombed, duty free.

— lamb's Wool, duty free.

— Polonia Wool, duty free,

— Red Wool, duty free.

— sleeps Wool, duty free, V — Spaiulh Wool, duty free.

& 3

0911 o 10 4

018

o 16 6 o o ij

Q O I

*33

Drawback.

092

092

009

000

OOP

o 0 oj

070

000

INWARDS.

Woollen Clothes, vide Clothes of Woollen.

— Stuffs, vide Stuffs.

Worm Seed, vide Drugs.

Y.

Yarn, viz.

— " Cable Yarn, the hundred weight — —

— — Camel or Mohair Yarn, the pound —

1 Cotton Yarn, the pound — —

— -- -- -- —., imported by the East India company, the

the pound — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Cotton Yarn of the manufacture of Ire land may be imported directly from thence without payment of any duty whatever, vide 18 Geo. 3 cap. 56.

— Grogram Yarn, the pound — —

— — - Irish Yarn, the pack containing four hundred weight at six score pounds to the hundred weight — NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions under which Yarn of the manufacture of Ireland may be imported directly from thence without payment of any duty whatever, vide 7 and 8 Will. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 2$.

-- -- Raw Linen Yarn, the pound — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Raw or Brown Linen Yarn made of flax may be imported in british built ships without payment of any duty whatever, vide 29 Geo. 2. cap. 15 and 19 Geo. 3. cap. 27.

— Wick Yarn, the hundred weight — —

— Woollen or Bay Yarn, the hundred weight —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions

under which Woollen or Bay Yarn may be imported from Ireland without payment of duty, vide 12 Geo. 2. cap. 21; and 26 Geo. 2. cap. 11.

— — Worsted Yarn, being of two or more threads, twilled gft thrown, the pound —

o o

12

o o

A

3. [1787.

Drawback.

' £. s. i.

6 o o o 7006 3i o 0 3

3i 0 o 3

8007 e o 19 6

o 0 0

8180 8 o 13 o

10 o o 9

SCHEDULE A.

Duty.

£. /. d.

OUTWARDS.

Agarick, trimmed or pared, foreign, the pound —

— rough or uiitrimmed, foreign, the pound

Alum British, the hundred weight — —

Annocto, foreign, the pound — —

Aotimooium Crudum, foreign, the hundred weight Aqua Fords, foreign, the gallon — —

Argol, foreign, the hundred weight —

Arinick, foreign, the pound — —

Bayberries, foreign, the hundred weight —

Brazil or fernambuco Wood, foreign, the hundred weight Bmilletto or Jamaica Wood, foreign the hundred weight Cambricks, foreign, and French Lawns, having been secured in warehouses under the reguladons directed by the 32 Geo. 2. cap. j2; and 7 Geo. 3. cap. 43, on exportation to his majesty's colonies in America, the piece containing 13 else —

Cards, viz.

— — New Wool Cards, British, the dozen

— Old Wool Cards, British, the dozen Cloth, viz.

— White Woollen Cloth commonly called Broad Cloth, the

Coals, usually sold by measure, viz.

— exported to Ireland or the 11le of Man, the chalder containing

36 bulheis Winchester measure — —^—

- — to any British colony or plantation in America, the chalder containing 36 bushels Winchester measure — —

-- to any other place, viz.

— in british built Ships, the chalder Newcastle measure

— — foreign Ships, the chalder Newcastle measure —

— in certain quantities from the ports of Newcastle and

Swansea, to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, provided the conditions, regulations, restrictions, and limitations, directed by the 6 Geo. 3. cap. 40, are duly complied with, the chalder Newcastle measure —

— sold by weight, viz.

— exported to Ireland or the Ille of Man, the tonne containing 20

hundred weight — — —

— exported to any British colony or plantation in America, the

tonne containing 20 hundred weight

— exported to any other place, viz.

— in british built Ships, the tonne containing 20 hundred

weight — — —

—*in foreign Ships, the tonne containing 2p hundred

weight — — —

Cochineal, foreign the pound — — —

Cream of Tartar, foreign, the hundred weight — —

034

OO7

OO4

o56

O I 2 0 2 3 OI) 5

IO

O II o

009

016

052

092 0 0 2 01a

OUTWARDS. '

Culm exported to Lisbon, provided the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, directed by the 31 Geo. 2. cap 157 and the 13 Geo. 3. cap. 70, are duly complied with,

— -- -- in a british built ship, the chalder Newcastle measure

— — — —

.... — in a foreign ftnp, the chalder Newcastle measure

Fustick, foreign, the hundred weight — — —

Galls, foreign, the hundred weight — —

Glue, British, the hundred weight — — —

Gum Arabic, foreign, the hundred weight — —

Gum Senega, foreign, the hundred weight — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which a certain quantity of Gum Senega, or Gum Arabic, may be exported to Ireland duty free, vide 6 Geo. 3. cap. 46.

Hair, viz.

— - hart's Hair, the hundred weight — —

— Horsehair, the hundred weight*— —

— Cow or Ox Hair, the hundred weight — —

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each — — —

Indico of all sorts, foreign, the pound — —

Jftnglass, foreign, the hundred weight — —

Lawns, vide Cambricks.

Lead, cad or uncast, the fodder or tonne containing 20 hundred weight Leather of all sorts tanned, tawed, or dressed, the hundred weight Litharge of Lead, the hundred weight — —

Litmus, foreign, the hundred weight — —

Logwood, foreign, the hundred weight — —

NB. For the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which Logwood may be exported in british built ships duty free, vide 7 Geo. 3. cap 47.

Madder, foreign, the hundred weight — —

Madder Roots, foreign, the pouna — —

Nicaragua Wood, foreign, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight Orchal, foreign, the hundred weight — —

Orchelia, foreign, the hundred weight — —

Pomegranate Peels, foreign, the hundred weight —

Red or Guinea Wood, foreign, the hundred weight —

Safldwer, foreign, the pound — — —

Sal Armoniac, foreign, the pound — — —

Sapanwood, foreign, the hundred weight — —

Saunders Red, foreign, the hundred weight — —

Sal Gem, foreign, the pound — — —

Shiimac, foreign, the hundred weight —.

Skins, viz.

— — Badger Skins, the piece — — —

— ? Beaver Skins, the skin or piece of (kia " — —

-- -- -- Beaver Wool or Wombs, the pound — — #

— — T Calve Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the hundred weight

— — — Cat Skins, the 100 — — —

Coney Skins, dressed or tawed, the 120 — —

black, with silver hairs or without dressed or tawed the tag — — 0 j

o 1 i 0 1 g

0 O L

0, I

0 0 11*

13 4

o 5

i

O I 0 6 o 1

0 5 0 0

o 0 ir

2 5 2 0 1 i

003 0 0 1 0 1 2

0 10

0 Oy

4 5

1 2

0 7 0 5 0 10 0 1 0 oj 0 4 o 9, 0 o 0 5

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13.' SCHEDULE A. >37 Duty.

OUTWARDS.

Skins, continued. — Dog Skins, the dozen — — — Elk Skins caw, the piece — — —*- — Fitches, the timber containing 40 skins — — — Fox Skins, the piece — — — — Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 — — Kid Skins dressed, the 100 — — — — Otter Skins raw, the piece — — — - — tawed, the piece — — — Sheep and Lamb Skins d refled, without wool, the 1 ao# — Sheep Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, the hundred weight^— Squirrel Skins, the 1000 — — — — Swan Skins, the piece — — — — Wolf Skins tawed, the piece — — Sticklack, foreign, the pound — — — Tin anwfodght, the hundred weight — — — Tnroesole, foreign, the pound — — — Viionia, foreign, the tonne containing ao hundred weight — Vcrdigrease, foreign, the pound — — — Wool, viz. Beaver Wool, the pound> 00 t 0 1 s 0 1 10 001 007 009 0 0 oj 0 0 t 029 0 12 o29 0 0 2 OO4 0 0 oj 0 3 4 0 0. o 0 3 11 001 0, 1 8

COASTWISE.

Coal (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought coadwife from port to port ia Great Britain, except into the port of London); viz.

— in case they zrt such as are most usually

sold by weight, the tonne containing ?o hundred weight — — —

— in case they are such as are most usually

sold by the chalder or by any other measure reducible thereto, the chalder containing 36 bushels Wincheder measure — —

For the dimensions and contents of the Coal bushel, vide 1 2 Ann. Hat. 2. cap. 17.

Guilty, btpmght coadwife from port to port in Great Britain, .. (except into the port of London), the chalder containing 36 bushels Winshefter measure — — made of Pit coal, brought coadwife from port to port in Great Britain, for every chalder containing, 36 bushels Wincheder measure —

Culm, and Cyhders, carried from the bridge of Sterling which is on the Firth of Forth to the Town of Dunbar, or to Redhead, or to any part betwixt them, or from Ellen Foot to Bank End in the county of Cumberland, or from any creek or place to any other creek or place between Ellen Foot and Bank End aforesaid, are not by reason of such carriage liable to any duty of customs.

Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, brought coastwise into the port of London, viz.

— in case they are such as are most usually sold by weight, the tonne containing 20 hundred weight

— in case they are such as are most usually loid by

the chalder or by any other measure whatever reducible thereto, the chalder containing 36 bushels Wincheder measure — — —

brought coadwife into the port of London, the chalder containing 36 bushels Wincheder measure Coals, brought coadwife into the port of London for the only use and service of the royal hospital at Chelsea, not exceeding 100 chalder by the year, the chalder containing 36 bushels Wincheder measure — —

— - all Coals that shall be used for melting copper and tin ores within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, or in fire engines for the draining water out of the mines of tin and copper within the county of Cornwall, there shall be repaid a drawback of all the duties paid thereon.

For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which such drawback shall be repaid, vide9Ann. cap. 6; and 14 Geo. 2. cap. 41.

For all coals that shall be used in calcining or smelled

£

£ >

I

o38

o56

0 12 o 5 6

0 3 I

0 5

0 1 a

0 0 a

070

o 8 10

° 4 5

056

0 4

0 $ >»

o 1 5

0 0 0

SCHEDULE A.

COASTWISE.

Coals, continued.

ing copper and lead ores within the isle of angle fey, or in fire engines for draining water out of the mines of copper and lead within the said isle, there shall be repaid a drawback of all the duties paid thereon, provided the amount of such drawbacks shall not exceed the sum of £. i, 500 in any one year. For the conditions, regulations, refiridions, and limitations, under which such drawbacks shall be allowed, vide 26 Geo. 3. cap. 104.

Calm, to be used for the burning of lime, viz. t — Sent coafiwife in any ships, vessels, or boats, not exceeding 30 tonnes burden, from any place within the limit of the port of Milford in the county of Pembroke to any other place within the counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the chalder containing 36 bufl&els Winchester measure — — — —

For the conditions, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which Culm may be sent as before mentioned, vide 33 Geo. 2. cap. 9.

Wine, in bottles exceeding three dozen, or in a calk or calks exceeding ten gallons in quantity, sent coaftwife or bf land carriage into the port of London or the members thereof, or to any place whatever within the difiance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, to be paid to the proper officers of the customs neared to the place from whence such Wine is intended to be removed; viz.

r*of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, the tonne containing 232 gallons of any other sort, except Rhenilh, German, and Hun gary Wines, the tonne containing 252 gallons NB. For the condidons, regulations, and refiri&ions, under which such Wine may be so removed, vide the act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Duty.

o 1

4 4 0 2 16 o

*39

Drawback;

/. dm

OOO

OOO

0 o o

4<> Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [17ft7.

TABLE B.

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom,and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies and not being particularly charged with Duty when so imported.

TABLE. B.

L

Duty. Drawback.

Arangoes, For every £, 100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trad tto the East Indies —

China Ware, For every ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall nave been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies — Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price pt which such goods shall have been sold at the public salt of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies. Cowries, For every £, 100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies — —

Drugs, manufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies Drugs, unmanufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every ^.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public falcs of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies Japanned or Lacquered Wares, for every j£.ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies

d.

C < '

47 »© o

3*3 4

29 16 0

45 5 0

50 o o

48 10 ©

3* »3 4

29 16

40 o o

38 6 3

3100

29 2

49 19 o

47 0 0

TABLE B.

Mullins Plain, Nanquki Cloth, Mullins or White Calicoes flowered or ditched, for every jf.ioo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the pabiick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies — — — 18 o o

Tea, For every £.100 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which it shall have been sold at the public laics of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies — — 500

exported to Ireland or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, for every >£.100 of the true and real value thereof as abovementioned 000 NB. For the conditions, regulations, and reltri&ions, under which the drawback may be allowed on tea exported to Ireland or to any of the British colonies or plantations in America, vide 25 Geo. 3 cap. 74.

NB. Tea is also subject to the duty of excise.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandise prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported for exportation only, for every i 00 of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies —

On exportation to Africa (except to the islands of Madeira, the Canary islands, the Azores or Western isles) the following drawbacks are to be allowed, viz.

— Alleijars, the piece — —

-- -- Bejotapants, the piece — —

— By rampants, the piece — —

— Bine Long Clothes, the piece — —

— Brawles the piece — —

-- -- Callaway pores, the piece — —

— Cufhtaes, the piece — —

— Coo pees, the piece — —

-- -- Chintz, the piece — —

— Chclloes, the piece — —

— Cotton Romals, the piece — —

— Guinea Stulls, the piece — —

— — Nicamees, small, the piece — —

— Nicamees, large, the piece — —

— Negampants, the piece — —

— Photaes the piece — — —

— Saftra cundies, the piece — —

— Tapfeils, the piece — # —

manufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandise not otherwise

particularly enumerated or described for

Duty.

Drawback

10 o 0

000

500

6150

000

o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o 0

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

X

o

2

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Q

0

1

0

1

H

B.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 13. [17? TABLE B. Doty. Drawbi

Goods, Wares, See. continued, viz.

£*£

-- -, — -- -- -- -- —9-- --

every f.\oo of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the public fates of the lerchants of England trad

unmanufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, not

otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every too of the true and real value thereof according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been told at the public Tales of the aerchants of England trad

37 >6 3 36 1

18 5 o j6 s 1

Hi

TABLE C

A Table of the Duties of Customs to be paid on the Importation into Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks thereof to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King.

TABLE C

' Duty. (Drawback,

INWARDS. Wine of the prodace of the European dominions of the French king, viz. — imported into the port of London in a British £'C

ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons9 8 0 000

252 gallons — — and exported to any British colony or plantation in America or to any British settlement in the East In 33 1* 0 000

dies, the tonne containing 252 gallons*— — exported to any other place, the tonne 000 29 8 0 £

containing 252 gallons — cept the port of London) in a british boilt ship, the 0 0 0 24 13 6

tonne containing 252 gallons — — - in a foreign Ship, the tonne contain5 4° OOO

taining 252 gallons — 4 — Britain, (except the port of London) and exported to any British colony or plantation in America or to any British (ettlement in the East Indies, the tonne 29 8 0 OOO

containing 252 gallons — — — exported to any other place, the tonne 0 0 0 25 4 O

containing 252 gallons — NB. Sabjeft also to the duty of excise — — the produce of the European dominions of the French king entered for pnsage, viz. 000 209ft

built ship, the tonne containing 252 gallons — — — in a foreign ship, the tonne contain 21 11 10 OOO

ing 252 gallons — - — having been imported into the port of London, and exported to any British colony or plantation in America or to any British settlement in the East Ini 24 69000

dies, the tonne containing 252 gallons -» cjock jr*+ 1 ° O O 21 II 10

TABLE C

I N W A R D S.

French Wine entered for prisage, continued, viz.

— exported to any. other place, the tonne

containing 252 gallons —

imported into any port of England, except the

port of London, in a british built mip, the tonne containing 2j1 gallons — —

in a foreign ship, the tonne containing

252 gallons —

except the port of London, and exported to any british colony or plantation in America or to any bri tiih settlement in the East Indies, the tonne containing 252 gallons — — —

- — — exported to any other place, the tonne

containing 252 gallons —

NB. Subject also to the duty of excise.

252 gallons Oil, viz.

ship, the gallon — - —

- — imported in a foreign ship, the gallon

Ions

mg 252 gallons — -

dominions of the French king, the gallon NB. Subject also to the duty of excile.

law, for every £*100 of the value thereof NB. Snbjedt also to the duty of Excise.

king, imported diredfly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owi and navigated according to law, for cvtty jt, ioc the value thereof — - —

es tomposed of Iron or Steel, separately Or mixed, worked or mounted with other substances, such arti cles not exceeding in their value fifty billings by hundred weight, being of thevmanufacturee of European dominions of the French king, and im

ships of the built of either country owned and navi

II C 13. Doty. II Drawba

£ /* C

0007 '7

18 16 10 0 0

21 11 10 0 0

000 18 16 1

000 ij 0

32 18 10 7+'

0 I \ 0 1

0 12 ' 0 1

7o9 6 4

798 1 6 4

ON O O 0 0

O O O N 0 0 '

1000 r 5 1 0 0

TABLE C Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. Articles composed of Iron or Steel, continued. gated according to law, for every £. 100 of the value 0 /. d. a C i..

thereof — — — Articles composed of Iron or Steel, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other fobitances, and exceeding in their value fifty Shillings by the hundred weight, and all buckles, buttons, knives or feistars, and all other articles of hardware or cutlery, and all artides composed of copper or brass, (eparately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other substances, all such articles being of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navi, gated according to law, for every £. too of the value 0 0 Iro O 0

thereof — — — manofa&ures of Cottons, and also Woollens, whether knit or wove, including hosiery, being of the produce or manufactureof the European dominions of the French king, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every ^.100 of IO O O 0 0 Q

the value thereof — — NB. Cottons, if stained cr printed, are subject also to duties of excise. Cambricks of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, viz. The demi piece, not exceeding 7 j yards in length, and not exceeding J of a yard in breadth, or exceeding \ of a yard in breadth, but not being above the value of fifty Shillings, and foin proportion for the like sorts imported in any pieces il O O*0 0

of any greater length — — tation in America, and foin proportion for the like sorts exported in any pieces of any greater O A O OOO

length — — — the value of fifty Shillings the demi piece of 7! yards in length, for every of.ico of the value OOO O 2 10

thereof — — - — exported to any British colony or planta 10 0 0 O O Q

tion in America — — Lawns of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country - owned and navigated according to law, viz. The demi piece, not exceeding 7 J yards in length, and not exceeding t \ yard in breadth, or exceeding yard in breadth, but not being vol. XXXVI*L* OOO 1 £ 13. X

*4$

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C i j TABLE C

07^

INWARDS.

Lawns, continued.

above the value of fifty Shillings, and foin pro i portion for the lik

any greater length

exported to any British colony or plantation

in America, and foin proportion for the i like sorts exported in pieces of any greater length — — —

— — — Exceeding yard in breadth, and being above

the value of fifty Shillings the demi piece of 7j yards in length, for every £.100 of the value thereof — —

- exported to any British colony or plantation in America — —

Linen of the manufacture of the European dominions of the C French king, viz,

— Damask Tabling, not exceeding 1 ell \ in breadth,

the yard — — —

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- exceeding 1 ell and under 2

else in breadth, the yard

-- -- -- -- of the breadth of 2 else or upwards,

and under 3 else, the yard r»of the breadth of 3 elis or upwards,

the yard — —

— -- Damask Towelling and Napkining, the yard

— Diaper Tabling, not exceeding 1 ell £ in breadth,

the yard — — —

1 1'— exceeding 1 ell and under 2 else

in breadth, the yard —

*" of the breadth of 2 else or upwards,

and under 3 else, the yard

— — -- -- -- -- -- - of the breadth of 3 else or upwards,

the yard —

-- -- -- Diaper Towelling and Napkining, the yard

ffc. f — Sail Cloth, not exceeding 36 inches in breadth, the 120 else — — —

-- -- - — Sail Cloth, exceeding 36 indies in breadth, the

else — —

— Sails ready made, for every j£.ioo of the 1 thereof — — —

feribed, viz.

- not exceeding 1 ell g in breadth, the ell —

- exceeding 1 ell and under 2 else in breadth,

- of the breadth of 2 ell. or upwards, and under 3

else, the ell — — N —

- of the breadth of 3 elk or upwards, the ell LB. Linen printed, or fiair.ed, is alfosubjed to d

of ex.ife.

Duty.*I Drawbar

£. s. O -

O v/l 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 2 1

0 0 0 O 0

0 0 0 53

0 5 4 0 4 1

0 6 2 0 5

0 0 0 6

0 10 4. 091

0 III 0 1

025 0 2

O 2 IO 0 2

0 3 2 0 2 i

o48 0 4

OOIO 0 0

2 3 I -0 0

3 16 1 0 0

O O 0 0

0 I 4 0 1

0 1 7 0 1

019 0 1

027 - _, 0 2

^7*1 Anno vicfesimo fcprimo Georgii III C 13.

TABLE C

of

INWARDS, of the manufacture of the European dominions he French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, m ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every ioo of the value thereof — —

3 of all sorts of the manufa&iire of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in hips of the built of either coyntry owned and navigated according to law, for every £. 100 of the value thereof — aery made up of Muslin, Lawn, Cambrick, or Gauze of any kina, of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £. too of the value thereof —

If any other article which may be legally imported into this kingdom shall be used in such Millenery, Inch articles mall pay duty as if separately imported, axn. Earthen Ware, and Pottery, of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £.100 of the value thereof — —*—

Glass, and Glass Ware, of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in ships of the built of either country owned and navigated according to law, for every £.100 of the value thereof V.B. Subject also to the duty of excise.

Duty.

£' d

1500

10 o o

*47

Drawback.

£*do

o 0

o o o

1200

000

1200

1200

o o q

000

I

: ed by

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C3. [1787,

TABLE DA

Table of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom, and of the Drawbacks thereof to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise whatever subject to Duty, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in the preceding Schedule or Tables.

TABLE. D.

Duty. Drawback

INWARDS. Cbtton, viz. enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the

Value thereof — — — Earthen Ware not otherwise particularly enumerated or de 0 0 41 10 0

(bribed, for every ^.100 of the value thereof Glass, viz. - Plate Glass and all other glass manufactures not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, 4116 0 36 II 0

for every /'.too of the value thereof — Hides and Skins and pieces of hides and skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £, L the 60 0 0 43 0 0

value thereof — — Leather, viz. of Leather is the moll valuable part, for every 0 0 N N 25 0 0

£.100 of the value thereof — Linen, viz, painted, stained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manufacture, and not being otherwise particularly enumerated sj N 0 0 0 0 N

or described, for every £. 100 of the value thereof — Linen of the manufacture of Irelantj chequered, or (triped, painted, (lained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manu failure, if imported under the conditions, regulations, and restrictions directed by the 7 and 8 W. 3. cap. 39; and 16 Geo. 2. cap. 26$ for every ^.100 of the value thereof — — Linen chequered or (triped, or printed, painted, liained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manufacture, not prohibited to be imported, worn, or used in Great Britain and not otherwise particularly enumerated 00 VORO 30 16 8

49 10 0 49 10 0

or described, for every ^.100 of the value thereof 00 0 + N 774 2

; S] Aflno vicesimo leptime Georgii III q, 13.

TABLE D. Duty.

INWARDS.

tper, Tii.

— — Panted Paper or Paper Hangings for Rooms, for every £.100 of the value thereof —

— Paper not otherwise particularly enumerated or de scribed, for every £. 100 of the value thereof tfs, for every £. 100 of the value thereof —

lips with their tackle, apparel, and furniture (except sails) for every £. too of the value thereof —

'oys, for every £. 100 of the value thereof —

Pood unmanufactured not otherwise enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain from any part of Europe, for every £.100 of the value thereof — — —

Joodr, Wares, and Merchandise prohibited to be used in this kingdom, but allowed to be brought in and secured in wareboufes for exportation, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £.100 of the value thereof — —

Soods, Wares, and Merchandise not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, not prohibited to be tried in Great Britain, but allowed by law to be imported and secured in warehouses for exportation, for every £.100 of the value thereof 111 other Goods, Wares, and Merchandise whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with duty, not prohibited to be imported or used in Great Britain and not being exempt from duty, for every £.100 of the value thereof — - — —

C

y.

75 o o

55 o o 45 o o

5 10 o

33 0 o

33 0 0

7 10 o

2 10 o

27 10 o

149

|drawbaek. £> s

000

000

000

000

29 >3 4-

30 10 o o o O 000

o 3

1*3

|i56 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III g. 13. [1787.

TABLE E.

A Table of the Duties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, not being particularly enumerated or dplcribed, of otherwise purged with Duty on the Exportation.

TABLE E.

Duty.

OUTWARDS.

C

Copperas British, for evpry £. iqo of the v^lue thereof —

Hair not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to he exported, for every £. too of the value thereof 7 —

Lapis Caliminaris, for every /* 100 of the value thereof — Lead Ore, for every £. too of the value thereof — —

Skins not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to exported, for every £. iqo of the value thereof — —

Cotton Wool of the growth or produce of the British plantations in America, for every 100 of the valt^e thereof —

NR. For the conditions, regulations, nd reflri&ions, under which Cotton Wool the growth or produce of the British colonies of plantations in America may be exported in british built fhipf without payment of duty, vide 19 Geo. 3. cap.

All other goods, wares, and merchandise, of the.growth, produ^ioo r or manufacture of Great Britain the exportation of which is

C hot prohibited by law, may be exported without payment of

duty, provided the same are regularly entered and ihipped; but on failure thereof such goods, wares, and merchandise, shall be subject and liable to duty, viz. for every £. 100 of the value thereof — — — —

5 10 0

5 10 0 5 10 0 S 19 9

5 10 0 S 10 0

5 10 0

L

Goc e

SCHEDULE F.

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks, of Excise.

SCHEDULE F.

EXCISE DUTIES.,

AUCTION.

FR every twenty Shillings of the purchase money arising or payable by virtue of any sale at audtion in Great Britain of gny interest in possession or reversion, in any freehold, copyhold, or leasehold lands tenements, houses, or hereditaments, and of any annuities or sums of money charged thereon; and of any utensils in husbandry and farming stock, ships and vessels; and of any reversionary interdl in the pablick funds; and of any plate or jewels; and foin proportion for any greater or lester sum of such purchase money; to be paid by the aodiooeer, agent, factor, or seller by commission, threepence halfpenny. — — — —

For every twenty Shillings of the purchase money arising or payable by virtue of any sale at audtion in Great Britain of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horses, and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatsoever, and foin proportion for any greater or lester sum of such purchase money; to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, factor, or fcljer by com million, seven pence. — —

BEER.

For every barrel of beer or aje above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of ihe duty hereby imposed on such beer or ale, and not being twopenny ale mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union, not being beer or ale commonly'called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that part of Great Britain Called England by the common brewer, under, subject, apd according to the roles, regulations, reflridtions, and provisions contained and provided in and by an act of parliament, made in the twenty.second year of the reign of his present Majesty, concerning beer or ale commonly called Table Beer), which shall be brewed in Great Britain by the common brewer or any other person or perfoqs who shall sell or tap out beer or ale pubiickly or privately; to be paid by such common brewer or other person, persons respectively, and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity, eight shilling?.

For every barrel of beer or ale of six shillings the barrel or under (ex dufive of the duty hereby imposed thereon) which shall be brewed in Great Britain by the common brewer or any other person or persons whp shall sell or tap out such beer or ale pubiickly or privately;

\0 be paid by such common brewer or by such ocher pcrum or per

L 4

d.

0 o 3s

007

o So

Beer, continued.

fons respectively, and To in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one shilling and fourpence — — —

every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duty hereby imposed thereon) and not exceeding eleven billings, exclusive of such duty, commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that part of Great Britain called England by the common brewer, under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, r^ftrittions, and provisions contained and provided in and by the fa id aft, made in. the twenty second year of the reign of his prefen: Majesty, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by such common brewer, three billings. For every barrel of twopenny ale mentioned and described in the ieventh article of the treaty of union; to be paid by the common brewer or viftualler, three Shillings and fourpence farthing ana thirteen nineteenth parts of a farthing. — — —

For every barrel of French beer, ale, or mum, which hall be imported into Great Britain direftiy from any of the European dominions of the French king, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, eight Shillings — — — — —

every barrel of beer, ale, or mum, (other than French beer, ale, or mum imported as aforesaid) which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to bt paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, seventeen Shillings and threepence — —

AND TILES.

For every thousand of bricks which Shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, two Shillings and sixpence. — — —, —

For every thousand of plain tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, three hil

For every thousand of pan tiles, or ridge tiles, which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, eight Shillings — — — — —

eveiy hundred of paving tiles which shall be made in Great Britain not exceeding ten inches square, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one shilling and sixpence — — —

every hundred of paving tiles which shall be made in Great Britain exceeding ten inches (quare, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, three Shillings — — — —

every thousand of tiles which shall be made in Great Britain other than such as are herein before enumerated or described, by whatsoever name or names such tiles are or may be called or known, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, three Shillings.

The said duties upon bricks and tiles respectively to be paid by the maker thereof.

CANDLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles of tallow and other candles whatsoever, (except wax and spermaceti candles) which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin pronortion for any greater Or

.^entity, one penny h''i'i'en^ tlzedbygottgle -

[1787.. r. L

o 1 {

030 ° 3 ir

o 8 0

o 17 3

o a 6 030 080 016 030

030

Q 0 ij

Candles, continued.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles which shall be made in Great Britain of wax or of lpermaceti, or which are usuall)r called or sold either for wax or spermaceti candles (notwithstanding the snixtnre of any other ingredients therewith), and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, threepence halfpenny. —

The laid duties upon candles to be paid by the maker thereof.

COACHES.

For every coach, beriin. landau, chariot, calaih with four wheels, chaifo marine, chaise with four wheels, or caravan, or by whatsoever name such carriages are or may be calied, which shall be built or conftrufied in Great Britain for sale; to be paid by the maker thereof, one pound. — — —*—

For every calaih, chaise, and chair, with two wheels, or by whatsoever name such carriages are or may be called or known, which shall be built or conftrufied in Great Britain for sale; to be paid by the maker thereof, ten ihillings. — — —

COCONUTS AND COFFEE.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coconuts, of the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, sixpence halfpenny. — — —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coconuts, of the growth or produce of any other place, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one ihilling and eight pence. — — — —

for every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee, of the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officer for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, sixpence halfpenny. — — — —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee, of the growth or produce of any other place, imported into Great Britain, and which Shall be delivered put of the warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one ihilling and eight pence. — —. — —

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every hogihead of cyder or perry which shall be made and sold by retail in Great Britain; to be paid by the retailer thereof, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, fourteen ihillings and ievcn pence— — — — —

003*

1 o d

o 10 o

o 6i

018

o o 61-

018

o 14 7

SCHEDULE. F.

Cyder and Perry, continued.

For every hogshead of cyder or perry which shall be made and sold in Great Britain in quantities of twenty gallons or upwards, by any dealer in or retailer of cyder or perry from fruit of the growth of*such dealer or retailer; to be paid by such dealer or retai!er? and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, six Shillings and eleven pence. — — — —

For every hogshead of such last mentioned cyder or perry, which shall be received into the custody or possession of any person or persons to be by such person or nerfons sold or disposed of 5 to be paid by such person or persons, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, seven Shillings and eight pence. — —

fr every hogshead of cyder or perry which shall be made ibi Great Britain, and which shall be sent or confietied to any factor or agent who shall receive the same to sell or diipofe of; to be paid by such factor or agent, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, nineteen shillings and two pence— — —

every tonne of cyder or perry which shall be imported from beyond the fcas into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, seventeen pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence.

LC

o

o

o

*7

/. 4

61

7 i

tg X

16 (

GLASS.

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of plate or flint glass, or enamel, (lained or paste glass, or phial glass, , and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity, one pound one shilling and five pence halfpenny. — — —

For every hundred weight of miaterials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of fpcead window elass, commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glass, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, eight Shillings and one halfpenny. — — —

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may oe called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of all other window glass (net being spread glass) whether flalhed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, sixteen Shillings and one penny farthing. — — — —

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be jnade use of in Great Britain in the making of common bottles (the same not being phials) and of veflfels made use of in chemical laboratories, and of garden glades, and of all other vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, four Shillings and one farthing.

The said several rates and duties upon the materials or metal or other preparations for making glass to be paid by the maker or xnakeis therepf respectively

«

080

o 16 1

O 4 Q

HIDES AND SKINS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hides of what kind soever, and of calve ikins, kips, hogs skins, dogs skins, and seal skins, which shall bt tamed in Great Britain, and of sheep skins and lamb skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain for gloves and bazils, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one penny halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of goats skins which shall be tanned with (bomack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to referable Spanish r father, and (o in proportion for any greater or letter quantity, fourpence.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of sheep skins which shall be*tan ned for roans (being after the nature of Spanish leather) in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or letter quantity, twopence — — —

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all other skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, not herein before particularly charged, and foin proportion for greater or letter numbers or quantities, thirty pounds The said several rates and duties for and upon all such hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be so tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the tanners thereof respectively.

For ill hides of horses, mares, and geldings, which shall be dressed in alum and salt or meal, or otherwiie tawed in Great Britain, for every such hide, and foin proportion for a greater or letter quantity or num her of such hides, one shilling and sixpence — —

and upon all hides of deers, cows, or any other hides of what kind ioever (those of horses, mares, and geldings excepted) which shall be so dressed in alum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such hide, and foin proportion for any greater or letter apmber or quantity, three Shillings — — —

every pound weight avoirdupois of all calve skins, kips, and seal skins, which shall bp so dretted in alum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or; fetter quantity, one penny halfpenny. — —

For every dozen of dink calve skins which shall be so dretted in alum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain with the hair on, and spin proportion for any greater or lesser number or quantity three Shillings — — — —

For every dozen of flink calve skins which shall be so dressed or tawed without hair, and every dozen of dogs skins which shall be tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain, and for every dozen of kid skins which shall be tawed in Great Britain (except such kid skins a paid the full doty on the importation thereof), and foin proportion for any greater or fetter number or quantity, one shilling. —

' for every pound weight avoirdupois of buck and doe skins (except such as paid the full duty on the importation thereof) which shall be dretted in alum and salt or meal, or be otherwise tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or letter quantity, sixpence. — —

For every dozen of goat skins, and of beaver skins, Which shall be so*' dressed in alum and salt or meal, or be otherwise tawed II Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or letter number or quar. tity, two Shillings — — by

OO4

OOG

30 O O

O O I

o i 6

030

00 1

O 3

O L

0 0 6

Hides and Skins, continued.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of ftieep skins and lamb fkinsj which shall be dressed in alum and fak or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, one penny farthing. —

For every one hundred pounds of the true send real value of all other Heins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be tawedl in Great Britain, (not herein before particularly charged), and foin proportion for greater or lesser numbers cor .quantities, thirty pounds. — —. —

The said several rates and duties for and upon all hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be dressed in alium and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, to be paid by such persons who shall be the tawers oj makers thereof into leather respectively.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all hides and skins, and of al deer skins, goat skins, and beaver skins, which shall be dressed in oil! in Great Britain, and foin, proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, sixpence — — — —

every pound weight avoirdupois of calve skins which shall be f dressed in oil in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any great; or lester quantity, eight pence. — —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of sheep skins which shall be fol dressed in oil in Great Britain, and for every pound weight avoirdupois of lamb skins which shall be so drefted in oil in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity of such sheep skins and lamb skins respectively, threepence*—

every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all other skins, and parts or pieces of skins, which shall be so dressed in oil in Great Britain, not hefein before particularly charged, and foin proportion for greater or lesser numbers or quantities, fifteen! pounds. — — —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of such lad mentioned hides and! skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be fodreffedj in oil in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity, twopence — — —

said feveml duties for and upon all hides and skins, and parts' and pieces of hides and skins, which shall he so dressed in oil in Great Britain, 10 be paid by the oil leather dressers thereof re fpeflively.

For every down of vellum which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity, to be paid by the maker thereof, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny. — j o For every dozen of parchment which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by! the maker thereof, one (lulling and eight pence three farthings.

50

s

O O

*5

HOPS.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hops growing or to grow ini Great Britain, which shall be cured and made fit for use, and so ini proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the refpcc L tive owners or possessors thereof, one penny and twelve twentieth! parts of a farthing. — —. —

-1

o o r f

MALT.

For every buihel of malt which shall be made of barley or any other corn or grain within that part of Great Britain called England, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, nine pence three farthings. —. —

For every buihel of malt which shall be made of barley or any other com or grain within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and io in proportion for any greater or leflfer quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, fourpence three farthings and ten twentieth parts of a farthing. — —- —

For every buihel of malt which shall be brought from Scotland into that part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with a cer dficate from the proper officer that it hath paid the duty of fourpence three farthings and ten twentieth parts of a farthing hereby imposed for every buihel thereof, and entered with the proper officer and in such manner as in and by an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second is mentioned, directed and appointed with respect to malt brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, between the twenty-third day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty and the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty. one; to be paid down in ready money to such officers respectively, in manner as the duties are directed to be paid by the said jafl mentioned act of parliament, fourpence three farthings and ten twentieth parts of a farthing. — — —

For and upon every buihel of malt which shall be brought from Scotland into that pan of Great Britain called England without such certificate as aforesaid; to be paid in manner as the duties by the said last mentioned act are payable with respect to malt brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, nine pence three farthings. — — —

ME TH EG LI N, OR MEAD.

For every gallon of metheglin or mead which shall be made in Great Britain for sale, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, qne Bulling and one halfpenny. — — — —

paper.

FIRST TABLE.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called imperial, of the value of two pounds eleven Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-two inches by thirty inches and a quarter, thirteen Shillings and nine pence halfpenny. - — - — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called super royal, of the value of one pound eighteen Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty seven inches and an half, ten Shillings and fourpence farthing. — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal, of the value of one pound nine Shillings per ream and upwards

*57

, .*dj

o

'0 LI

' ° 4HS 0 o 9| O I Os

o 13 si o 10

Paper, First Table, continued.

and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, seven Shillings and nine pence farthing.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called medium, of the value of one pound two Shillings and (ixpence per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches and an half, six Shillings and fourpence — — — — —

every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy, of the value of sixteen Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and an half by twenty. inches, four Shillings and threepence three farthings —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called thick poll, of the value of thirteen Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny. For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called thin poll, of the value of ten Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and a quarter by nineteen inches and an half, two Shillings and eight pence farthing.

For every ream of paper which mall be made in Great Britain, called final] poll, of the value of seven Shillings and (ixpence per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thiiteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and an half, two Shillings and one farthing. For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called fools cap. of the value of ten Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, two Shillings and threepence halfpenny. — — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be inde in Great Britain, called

pott, of the value of six Shillings and nine pence per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches and an half, one shilling and (ixpence halfpenny. For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called large thick pod, of the value of fifteen Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches and an half by twenty-one inches, three Shillings and ten pence. —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called large thin post, of the value of twelve Shillings per ream and upwards, and not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches and an half by twenty-one inches, three Shillings and three farthings.

° 7

SECOND T a/fi L E.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double atlas, of the value of fifteen pounds and not exceeding the value of twenty-one pounds per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifty five inches by thirty-one inches and an half, two pounds six Shillings — — —^— —

every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy, of the value of twelve Shillings and under the value of sixteen Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches and an half by twenty inches, two Shillings and eight pence

farthing.

0 6

o 4

o 3

0 a

o 1

o 1

0 3 id

o 3

260

Paper, Second Table, continued.

For every ream of paper which hall be made in Great Britain, called copy, of the value of seven Shillings and sixpence and not exceeding the value of eleven billings per ream, and not exceeding the dimen ons of sixteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, one hilling and sixpence halfpenny. — — —

For every ream of paper which hall be made in Great Britain, called bols cap. of the value of six billings and under the value of ten /hil liags per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and an half by sixteen inches and three quarters, one hilling and threepence — —. — — —

every ream of paper which hall be made in Great Britain, called littris fools cap. of the value of six Shillings and not exceeding the value of ten Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of thirteen inches and an half by seventeen inches and an half, one shilling and threepence. — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called pott, of the value of four shilling and under the value of six Shillings and nine pence per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches and an half by fifteen inches and an half, eleven pence halfpenny. — — —'—

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called grand eagle or double elepliant, of the value of four pounds and not exceeding the value of five pounds and five Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty six inches and three quarters by forty inches, seventeen Shillings and threepence — —

every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called coiombier, of the value of two pounds and ten Shillings and not exceeding the value of three pounds and ten Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimenfious of twenty-three inches and an half by thirty-four inches and an half, twelve Shillings and one penny.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called atlas, of the value of three pounds and not exceeding the value of fotr pounds and five Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty six inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches, seventeen Shillings and threepence — — —

every ream of atlas inferior paper which shall be made in Great Britain, of the value of two pounds and under the value of three pounds per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty six inches and a quarter by thirty-four inches, ten Shillings and fourpence farthing. —^— — —

Fqr every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small atlas, of the value of one poand and ten Shillings and not exceeding the value of two pounds and ten Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-five inches by thirty-one inches, eight billings and seven pence halfpenny. — —

For every ream of paper which hall be made in Great Britain, called imperial, of thr value of one pound and ten billings and under the value of two pounds and eleven billings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-two inches by thirty inches and a quarter,

feren billings and five pence three farthings. — '

or every ream of paper which hall be made in Great Britain, called super royal, of the value of one pound and five billings and under

o 1 6*

O I J

o i 3

o o III

o 17 3

o 12 1

O 17 3

o 10 4$

o 8 7}

0 7 si

Paper, Second Table, continued,

the value of one pound and eighteen Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty seven inches and an half, five Shillings and nine pence— —

every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called long royal, of the value of one pound and not exceeding the value of one pound and ten Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty*seven inches and an half by eighteen inches, four Shillings and seven pence farthing. — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal, of the value of eighteen Shillings and under the value of one pound and nine Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, four Shillings and one farthing. — — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy, of the value of thirteen Shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound and one shilling per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, two Shillings and eight pence farthing. — —

For every ream o? paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called (hort demy or crowns of the value of nine (hiilings and not exceeding the value of fourteen Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of fourteen inches by twenty inches and a quarter, or of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling and eleven pence.

For eveiy ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called large ran; of the value of fourteen Shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound and one shilling per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches and an half by twenty inches and an half, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny. —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small fan, of the value of eleven Shillings and not exceeding the value of eighteen Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-two inches and a quarter by thirteen inches and a quarter, two Shillings and seven pence. — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called elepliant, of the value of fifteen Shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound and seven Shillings per ream, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches by twenty eight inches, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny. — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain for bank or bankers bills or notes, allowing two bills or notes in each sheet, and foin proportion for a greater or less number of bills or notes in each sheet, three Shillings and five pence halfpenny. —

THIRD TABLE.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double demy, of the value of one pound and eighteen Shillings and not exceeding the value of three pounds per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty six inches by thirty-eight inches and an half, eight Shillings and fourpence — — —

every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal, of the value of one pound and four Shillings and under the

o 5 g

o4 7i o 4 oj o s O I II

O 3 55 0*7

3 is 0 3 S

8 f

\£.

p*per, Third Table, continued, value of one pound and sixteen shillings per bundle, and not exceed ing the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, or of twenty inches by twenty six inches, five shillings and fourpence halfpenny. — — —

For every bundle of paper which Shall be made in Great Britain, called royal inferior, of the value of fourteen shillings and tinder the value of one pound and four shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, 'three shillings and three farthings. — - —

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called medium, of the value of one pound and not exceeding the value of one pound and eight shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen inches by twenty-three inches, four shillings and twopence halfpenny. — — —

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy single, of the value of seventeen shillings and under the value of one pound and six shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the di mentions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, or of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-one inches and a quarter, three shillings and ten pence. — — —

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy inferior, of the value of ten shillings and under the value of seventeen shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, two shillings and threepence halfpenny. — — —

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double crown, of the value of seventeen shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound three Shillings and sixpence per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by thirty inches, three shillings and five pence halfpenny. — —

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double crown inferior, of the value of twelve shillings and under the value of seventeen Shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by thirty inches, two shillings and eight pence farthing. — — — —

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called single crown, of the value of thirteen shillings and not exceeding the value of one pound per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, three shillings ana three farthings. For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called single crown inferior, of the value of eight shillings and under the value of thirteen shillings per bundle, ana not exceeding the dinren fions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling and eleven pence. — — — —

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called demy tissue, of the value of eight shillings and not exceeding the value of twelve shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimen fious of seventeen inches and an half by twemy twd inches, one shilling and eleven pence. — — —

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called crown tissue, of the value of five shillings and not exceeding the Vol. XXXVI M '

161

r. dk

s 4i 3s of 4 4

3 id

2 3i i si

i H

3

1 It

t II

Paper, Third Table, continued.

value of nine Shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling and threepence. For every bundle of paper which shall be made ip Great Britain, called double pott, of the value of nine Shillings and not exceeding the value of sixteen Shillings per bundle, and not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches by twenty-five inches and an half, two Shillings and threepence halfpenny. — —

FOURTH T A B L B.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches by twenty six inches, two Shillings and eight pence farthing. —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called square cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-four inches and an half by twenty-five inches and an half, three Shillings and three farthings. — — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small cartridge, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and a quarter by twenty-four inches, two Shillings and threepence halfpenny. — — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called elephant common, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, one shilling and eleven pence.

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called sugar blue, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty one inches and an half by thirty-three inches, three Shillings and three farthings. For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called sugar blue smaller size, not exceeding the dimensions of eighteen inches and three quarters by twenty seven inches, two Shillings and'threepence halfpenny. — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called sugar blue demy size, not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches and an half by twenty-two inches, one shilling and elevenpence. — — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called sugar blue crown size, not exceeding the dimensions of fifteen inches by twenty inches, one shilling and elcvcn pence. —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called purple royal, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny. — — — —

For every ream of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called blue elepliant, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-three inches by twenty-eight inches, two Shillings an threepence halfpenny.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called blue royal, not exceeding the dimensions of nineteen inches and an half by twenty-four inches and a quarter, three Shillings and three farthings. — — — —

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called blue demy and blossom, not exceeding the dimensions of seventeen inches by'twenty* two inches, 'two Shillings and one farthing.

[1787. /. i

013 6 2

O«Ij

O 3 i

o 2 ll O 1 II

o 3 oj

O 2 3i

O I II O I II

o i 61

o 2 3i 0 3

o 2 oj

Paper, Fodrth Tabic, continued.

For every bundle of paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called blue crown single, not exceeding the dirnenfions of fifteen inches by iwenty inches, one shilling and one penny three farthings. —

FIFTH TABLE.

For every seam of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal hand thick, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, orfe shilling and fourpence — — — — — —

every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called royal hand, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-four inches by nineteen inches and a quarter, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny. —*— —

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called lumber hand, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-three inches by eighteen inches, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double two pound, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-four inches by sixteen inches, one shilling and one penny three farthings. — — — —

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called single two pound, not exceeding the dirnenfions of sixteen inches by eleven inches, five pence three farthings. —

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britaio, called middle hand double, not exceeding the dirnenfions of thirty-three inches by twenty-one inches, two killings and threepence halfpenny. — — —

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called middle hand, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-two inches by sixteen inches, one shilling and one penny three farthings. — — — —

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called final 1 hand double, not exceeding the dirnenfions of thirty-two inches by twenty inches, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny. — — — —

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small hand, not exceeding the dirnenfions of nineteen inches and three quarters by sixteen inches, nine pence farthing.

For every bundle of whited brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called couples pound and half pound, not exceeding the dirnenfions of twelve inches by ten inches, and of nine inches by teven inches and an half, five pence three farthings. —

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in'great Britain, called imperial cap. not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-nine inches by twenty-two inches, one shilling and sixpence halfpenny.

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called haven cap. not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-four inches by twenty inches, one (hiliing and one penny three farthings.

forevety ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called bag cap. not exceeding the dirnenfions of twenty-three inches and an half by nineteen inches, eleven pence halfpenny. —

M 2

*63

a

> 1

1 4

1 6j«6i

0 si

*. n

11

1

o 9l

0 si

1 CI

o u4

i 1 »;

< t

Paper, Fifth Table, continued.

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Kentish cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty-one inches by eighteen inches, nine pence farthing. —

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called four pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by sixteen inches, nine pence farthing. — —

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called small cap. not exceeding the dimensions of twenty inches by fifteen inches, five pence three farthings. — —

For every ream of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called double four pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of thirty-three inches by twenty inches, one shilling and sixpence half

For every bundle of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called single two pounds, not exceeding the dimensions of sixteen inches by eleven inches, nine pence farthing. — —

For every bundle of brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called couples pound and half pound, not exceeding the dimensions of twelve inches by ten inches and of nine inches by seven inches and an half, five pence three farthings. — —

For every hundred weight of pafteboardt millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, six Shillings and ten pence three farthings. — —

And after those rates for any greater or less quantity of such papers, pafteboardi, millboards, fcalcboards, and glazed paper, respectively.

The said several rates and duties upon the said several sorts of paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, to be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

For every fori or kind of paper not herein before enumerated and de feribed which shall be made in Great Britain, a duty after the rate of twenty pounds and fourteen Shillings for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of the same including the duties nereby charged thereon.

The said duties for such forts or kinds of paper respectively to be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

PRINTED GOODS.

For every yard square of paper which shall he printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for hangings or other uses (over and above the duties payable for such paper before the printing, painting, or staining thereof) and foin proportion for any greater quantity; to be paid by the printer, painter, or flainer thereof, one penny three farthings. — — —

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of foreign callicoe, and of foreign rnufiin, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of Qne colour only) and foin proportion for any greater or letter quantity seven pence. — —^— —

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of all linens and of all stuffs made either of cotton or linen mixed with other materials, futtians, velvets velverets, dimities, and other figured (tuffs made

i

o o

o 0

o 0

i

O 1

i

o 0

4

o 0

i

20 i4

o 0 L

007

]£

Printed Goods, continued, of cotton and other materials mixed or wholly made of cotton wool, wore in Great Britain, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only, and duffs made of woollen or whereof the greatest part in ralue shall be woollen) and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, threepence halfpenny. — —

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of stuffs wholly made of cotton wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British ms nofadory, and of British muffins, which shall be printed, stained

# or dyed, in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed

# throughout of one colour only) and foin proportion for any greater

or lesser quantity, threepence halfpenny. — —

For every yard in length, reckoning half yard wide, of all silks which shall be printed, stained, or painted in Great Britain ((ilk handkerchiefs excepted) over and above the duties payable upon the importation of them or any of them, and foin proportion for any greater or kfler quantity, one shilling and one penny three farthings.

For every yard square of (ilk handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, and foin proportion for wider or narrower (ilk handkerchiefs, over and above the duties payable upon the importation of them or any of them, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, fourpence halfpenny.

The said duties on printed, stained, painted, or dyed goods, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, to be paid by the printer, ftainer, painter, or dyer thereof.

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of French printed, stained, painted, or dyed callicocs and muffins (except such as shall he dyed throughout of one coldur only) which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European dominions of' the French king, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, seven pence. — — — —

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of all French printed, stained, painted, or dyed linens and duffs made either of cotton or linen mixed with other materials, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured duffs made of cotton and other materials mixed or wholly made of cotton wool (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only) which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European dominions of the French king, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, threepence halfpenny. — — —^—

o

o

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, twopence fiarthing. — — — —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, one penny three fafthings.

M 3

I

is / d.

o 3l

0 II

4* o 7 o ji

o 2*

o 1

SCHEDULE F.

£.

SPIRITS.

For every gallon of fermented wort or wash which fitall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, for extracting spirits for home consumption from any malt, edrn, grain, or tiles, or any mixture with the same; to be paid by the makers or diihilers thereof, sixpence — — — —

every gallon of cyaer or perry, or any other wash or liquor, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from any sort or kind of British materials (except such as are before mentioned) or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption; be paid by the makers or dilliilers thereof, five pence. —

For every gallon of fermented wort or wall which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from molasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, lor extracting spirits for home consumption; to be paid by the makers or diltijlers thereof, eight pefice three farthings. —

For every gallon of wall which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refofed wine or foreign cyder, or wafti prepared from foreign materials (except molasses and sugar) or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption; po be paid by the makers or dilliilers thereof, one shilling — — —

every seventy two gal ion's of wall, which George Bishop of maid stone shall produce oil bt before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eigiky eight, from a weight of malt, or other com, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds avoirdupois; to be paid by the Uid George bi shop, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity of such wall, eighteen Shillings — — — —

every gallon of wall from which twenty-four gailbns shall be takexr. and distilled by the officer of excise, according to the directions and! under the authority of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, among other things, to discontinue for a limited time the payment of duties on low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and fetiiring the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof, and such twenty-four gallons of wall so distilled shall be found to produce more than two gallons and three fourth parts of a gallon of spirits, at the strength of one in seven under hydrometer proof; to be paid by the said George Bishop, one shilling. — — — — I o I 0

For every gallon of British spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be manufactured in Scotland and brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; to be paid by the importer thereof, two Shillings — — — — — —

for every gallon of alf such spirits as last aforesaid of a greater strength than one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proo£ two Shillings — — — — —

also a farther duty proportioned to the degree of strength in which such spirits shall exceed the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof; to be paid by the importer thereof, or the person bringing the same.

o o

k O O j

O O

O I 0

a ip

O 2 Q

O 2 p

167

C

continued.

For every gahoa of fiogle brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, four fhiluiigs and threepence — — — —

every gallon Of brandy above proof which hall be imported into Great Britain; to be, paid by the importer before the landing thereof, eight Shillings and one penny. — — —

For every gallon of rum, spirits or aqua vitae, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the .landing thereof, three Shillings and seven pence. —

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vitae above proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, six Shillings and eight pence. —

For every gallon of single spirits, or aqua vitae (other than such brandy, ram, spirits, or aqua vitae as aforesaid) which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, four Shillings and threepence. —

For every gallon of fpihts, or aqua vitae (other than such brandy, rum, spirits, or aqua vitae as aforesaid) above proof, which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof, eight Shillings and one penny.

0 4 J o 81

0 3 7 o 6 &

0 4 3 081

STARCH.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of starch of what kind (oever which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lefier quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, threepence farthing. — — — — o o

SWEETS.

For every barrel of liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for side, by infusion, fermentation, or otherwise, from fruit or sugar or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, commonly called sweets or called or distinguished by tie name of made wines, and foin proportion for a greater or lefier quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, eighteen Shillings and fourpence three farthings. — — — o 18 4|

TEA.

For and upon all tea which shall be sold in Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, seven pounds ten Shillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross prices at which fuen tea shall be sold; to be paid by the purchaier or porchafers of such tea to the said united company, and to be paid by the said united company to the commissioners of excise for the time being. — — — —

o

VERJUICE.

For every hogshead of verjuice which shall be made in Great Britain for file; to be paid by the maker thereof, and foin proportion for ft greater or lefier quantity, seven Shillings and eight pence. o

m4

7

8

SCHEDULE F.

£

VINEGAR.

for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, which hall be brewed or made in Great Britain for side; to be paid by the maker thereof, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, ten billings and three farthings. —

WINE.

for every tonne of French, Rheniih, German, or Hungary wine, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, seventeen pounds seventeen billings — —

every tonne of all other wines which hall be imported into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, eleven pounds eignteen billings — — —

For every ounce troy of gilt wire which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, nine pence farthing. — —

For every ounce troy of fiver wire which shall be made in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or le/ter quantity; to be paid by the maker thereof, seven pence. — —

O 10

1717

II 18

o 0

o 0

169

SCHEDULE F.

ALLOWANCES.

BREWERS.

£*

UPON every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel ex dufiveof the duty hereby imposed on such beer or ale, and not being beer or ale commonly called table beer, which shall be brewed and made as aforesaid) which shall be brewed by the common brewer or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, within the cities of London and Westminster or within the limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the gauger, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser qoantity, one shilling and fourpence — —

every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of the doty hereby imposed on such beer or ale, not being twopenny ale mendooed and described in the seventh article of the treaty of onion, or such table beer) which shall be brewed by the common brewer or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap oat beer or ale, publicly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called England not within the said cities of London and west minster nor witbia the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the gauger, and foin proportion for any greater or lefier quantity, one hilling and eight pence.. —

Upon every barrel of beer or ale of six Shillings the barrel or under (exclusive of the duty hereby imposed on such beer or ale) which shall be brewed in that part of Great Britain called England by the common brewer or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called England, and returned by the gauger, and (o in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity, fourpence — —

every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duty hereby imposed thereon) which shall be brewed by the common brewer or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or up out beer or ale, publicly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the ganger, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, tempence. —

Upon every barrel of six Shillings beer or ale or under which shall be brewed by the common brewer or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger, and io in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity, threepence. Upon every barrel of twopenny ale mentioned and described in the seventh article of treaty ot union which shall be brewed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger, and foin proportion fo? any greater or lefier quantity, sixpence. —

o

o

o

o

o

o

4

1 8

0 4

o 10

° 3 o 6

MALT.

For every quarter of malt which ihail be made and locked up for exportation, and exported according to the directions of an act, made in the twelfth year of thfe reign o? ting George thefirlt concerning malt made for exportation, threepence — — —

For any quantities of paper which shall be used in the printing any] books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern languages, within the two universities of Oxford and Cambridge or either of them, by permission of the vice chancellors of the same respectively, the duties of excise by this act imposed thereon.

For any quantities of paper which shall be used in the printing any books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern languages, within the universities of Scotland or any of them, by permission of the principals of the same respectively, the duties of excise by this act imposed thereon.

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball soap, which shall be employed, (pent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the making any clothes, (erges, kerfoys, bays, (lockings, or other manufactures of sheep or Jambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the

treated part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the rifling the said manufactures or preparing the wool for the e, one penny halfpenny. — - —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed' in Great Britain, in the making any clothes, serges, kerfeys, bays, (lockings, or other manufactures of sheep or lambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the finifiung the said manufactures or preparing the wool for the same, one penny and one twelftn part of a penny, — — —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball (bap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new linen in the piece in order to the sale of such linen, one penny farthing. — — -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap which shall be employed, spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new iingn in the piece in order to the sale of such linen, three farthings. For every pound weight avoirdupois of soap which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used and consumed in Great Britain on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight in preparing and finishing any manufactures from (lax or cot tonne, for sale (except such as shall be used in whitening new linen in the piece in order to the faje thereof), three farthings. —

0 0

o 0

0 0

o 0

STARCH.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of (larch which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used ana consumed in Great Britain on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight in preparing and finishing any manufactures from flax or cotton

o 0

o 0

Starch, continued.

for (hie (except such starch as shall be used and consumed in fini(hing new linen in the piece for sale as herein after mentioned), one penny halfpenny. — — — —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of starch which shall be made in Great Britain, ana be used and consumed in great britain in finish ing new linen in the piece for sale, threepence. —

SCHEDULE F.

BOUNTIES.

FOR every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel, ex clofive of the duty hereby imposed on such beer or ale, which shall be proved to have been brewed in Great Britain from malted corn, and whereupon the duties for strong beer or ale shall be proved to have been charged or paid, and which shall be exported to foreign parts as merchandise, when barley is at twenty-four Shillings per qoarter or under, one shilling. — — —

Far every tonne of spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from corn, onder, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, rcftri&ions, andprovisions, contained and provided in and by an act of parliament, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulating and encouraging the exportation of British made (pints and for securing the payment of the duties upon fpiri tnons liquors, or any other act or acts of parliament now in force concerning British spirits made or drawn from corn for exportation, which shall be exported to foreign parts as merchandise, three ponnds twelve (hilungs — — —

171

/. d.

3 O it J Q 3

' n

> Qj

r

\ 12 O

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III CL 13.' [tjl

SCHEDULE F. 1

DRAWBACKS. 1

BEER OR ALE.

\£.

FOR every barrel of beer or ale above six Shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duty hereby imposed in respect of such beer or ale, and not being twopenny ale mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union, nor being beer or ale commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made as aforesaid) for which the duty by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, deduding threepence per too for the charges of the officers, eight Shillings — — —

AND TILES.

For all bricks and tiles respectively which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and. exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the several and respective duties by this act imposed in respect of such bricks or tiles.

CANDLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles of tallow and other candles whatsoever, which shall be made in Great Britain, except wax and spermaceti candles, (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny halfpenny. —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of candles which shall be made in Great Britain of wax, or of spermaceti, or which are usually called or sold for wax or spermaceti candles (for which the duties by this, ad imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, threepence halfpenny. —

CHOCOLATE.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of coconuts of the growth or produce of any bri till colony or plantation in America imported into Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, five pence. For every pound weight avoirdupois of chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain ot coconuts of the growth or produce of any other place imported into Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one shilling and fourpence — —

o I 4|

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every hogihead of cyder or perry which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts,

*73 /#

Cyder and Perry, con tinned, and To in proportion for any greater or letter quantity, the several and respective duties by this act imposed in respect of such cyder and perry, dedoding threepence per tonne for the charges of the officers

HIDES.

For all hides and calve skins respectively which shall be tanned, tawed, ordreffed in Great Britain and duly marked (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, two thirds of the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof respectively.

For all (beep skins and lamb skins respectively which shall be tanned tawed, ordretted in Great Britain, (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as mer chandize to foreign parts, two thirds of the duties of excise by this act imposed in reaped thereof respectively.

For every poond weight avoirdupois of hides and calve skins respectively which (lull be dressed or curried in Great Britain (for which the dudes by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny. —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of seal skins which shall be tanned or tawed in Great Britain (for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny. — — —

For every pound weight avoirdupois of leather tanned in Great Britain, chargeable by this act to pay a duty by weight (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be osnofadured and actually made into goods or wares, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny halfpenny.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of boots, (hoes, gloves, or other manafadores, made of any kind of tawed or dretted leather, chargeable by this act to pay a duty by weight (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) exported as merchandise to foreign parts, two thirds of the duties of excise by this id imposed in relped thereof respectively.

HOPS.

For erery pound weight avoirdupois of hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, and which shall be cured or made (it for use, and on which the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof shall base been duly charged, exported as merchandise to Ireland, one penny and twelve twentieth parts of a farthing. - —

PAPER.

For all paper which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the whole of the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof.

PRINTED GOODS.

For every yard square of paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, for hangings or other uses (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and

001

001

o o ij

o o

1

f

ri

ti

V

1

LI

tt

4

(

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III o. ig. SCHEDULE. F. |£ ».

Printed Goods, continued.

shall be exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny three farthings. — — — — —

For all linens, stuffs, fustians, velvets, velverets, dtipities, figured stuffs, stuffs wholly made of cotton wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called British manufactory, calicoes and muffins, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the whole of the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof.

For all silks and silk handkerchiefs which shall be printed, ft aired, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the whole of the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof.

SOAP.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hard cake soap, or ball foapt which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, twopence farthing. —.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of soft soap which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, one penny three farthings. — — —

STARCH.

Fcr every pound weight avoirdupois of llarch which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts threepence farthing. —. — —

TEA.

For all tea (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported to Ireland or his majesty'i plantations in America, the whole of the duties of excise by this act imposed in respect thereof.

WINE.

For every tonne of French wine which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European dominions of the French king (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any British colony or plantation in America or to any Btitish fettlcment in the Eart Indies, and foin proportion for any greater or lester quantity, fourteen pounds seven shillings — — -

every tonne of French wine which shall be imported as aforesaid (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any other part or place beyond the seas, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, five pounds thirteen shillings.

For every tonne of Rhenish, German, or Hungary wine (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any

o <*)

o MO

o

1

H 7

5 J

SCHEDULE F.

Wine, continued.

British colony or plantation in America, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, fourteen pounds seven Shillings — —

every too of Rhenrih, German, or Hungary wine (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any British settlement in the Raft Indies, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, nine pounds seventeen Shillings — —

every tonne of Rheniih, German, or Hungary wine (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any other part or place beyond the seas, and foin proportion for any

greater or lesser quantity, five pounds thirteen Shillings

For every tonne of all other wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great bri taia as merchandise to any British colony or plantation in America, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, nine pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence — — — — -

every tonne of all other wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any British settlement in the East Indies and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, six pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence — — — —

every ten of all other wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof ihau have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any other part or place beyond the seas, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, three pounds fifteen Shillings and fourpence — — — —

9

5

9

6

3

GOLD THREAD.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe, made of plate wire spun upon (ilk, such plate wire being' made of gilt wire, which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid and exported as merchandise to foreign part?, and so 4n proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, seven Shillings and eight pence,

SILVER THREAD.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of (ilver thread, fllver lace, or fibre fringe, made of plate wire spun upon silk, such plate wire being made of fllver wire, which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, five Shillings and nine pence. — — —. —

o

*75

t >

7 o 17 o 13 o

*' 4 « 45 4

7 8 5 9

: a p.

j Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 14 — 19. [1787.

CAP. XIV

An act for paving, cleangng, lighting, and watching the streets femes, ahd other public passages and places, within the walls of the city pi Canterbury, and the liberties thereof; and also several streets and other places near or adjoining to the said City; and for removing afld preventing incroachments, ob ft raft ions, nuifaoces, and annoyahcib therein.

CAP. XV

An act for building a bridge at or near the ferry, over the river Trent, from Gainiborough, in the county of Lincoln, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Saundby, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. XVI

An act for making perpetual two acts, passed in the fifteenth and seven tcentb years of the reign of his present Majesty, for retraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XVII

An act for rebuilding the chapel of Eafk Stonehouse, In the county of Devon.

CAP. XVIII

An act for making perpetual an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for regulating the proceedings of the court of judiciary and circuit courts in Scotland.

CAP. XIX

An act to enforce and render more effectual several acts pa (fed in tie twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and other acts made for the increase and encouragement of Ihipping end navigation.

Preamble, reit

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of tie Geog 60 rin of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the fur

co 3» C tjjcr increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation, it is enafledy That the ships and vejfds belonging to his Majesty's fob jests ref ding in the kingdom Ireland, being duly qualified and ri gifiered according to the laws now in forcey Shall continue to enjoy el the privileges and advantages to which such ships and.vessels were by law entitled before the passing of this afty until the end of four calendar months from the commencement of the first session of the parliament of Ireland which shall hereafter sit during the Jpace of four calendar months, without prorogation or dijsolution, and from the end of that time, every ship or vessel which Shall, by virtue of the authority of any act that may be passed in the said parliament of Ireland, be qualified ahd regifiered in any of the ports of the said kingdom of Ireland, under similar regulations and restrictions to those therein contained, Shall continue to enjoy, to all intents and purpofs whatever, all the privileges and advantages of a british £«/7/ Jhipy ora foreign built Jhipy owned by his majesty*s subjects, as the case may

ijs; .] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C 19. zyf

iit wording to tbt provijhns of this ail: and whereas by an ait of. tbt parliament of Ireland, passed in this present session of the fold perhemtnty entitled An act for the further increase and encou

ragement of shipping and navigation, regulations and rejlriilions fn foahfying and regtfleriag ships and vessels in the ports of the said kingdom of Ireland are enailed and provided, similar to those contained in the said before mentioned ail of the parliament Great

Britain $ be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent fre

majesty, by and with the advice and confenit of the lords fpiri land accord tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ing to an act assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every ship of the parlia or vessel which shall be duly registered in any port in the king Engdomof1 dona of Ireland, according to the regulations and restrictions of the present the before mentioned act, passed in the parliament of that king session, to en dom, and shall obtain a certificate thereof, shall enjoy, to all myall the pri iotents and porpofes wharsoever, all the privileges and advan jjfj^jned'by tages of a British built ship or foreign built ship, owned by his his majestyv majesty's subjects, as the case may be. subjects.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vefteu regi every ship or vessel belonging to his majesty's subjects residing stered there in the said kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and regi fac£°?fou* ftered according to the laws in force at and immediately before to fai(i the commencement of the said act, so passed in the parliament ad, to con of that kingdom, shall continue in like manner to enjoy all the dnue to enjoy privileges and advantages of a British built ship or foreign built wc#^unne* Ship, owned by his majesty's subjects, as the case may be, dur t; me ap. ing the time or times which are or may be appointed by the pointed by jhe commissioners of his majesty's revenue in the said kingdom, commission porfaant to the powers thereby given to the said commissioners ?UC

to appoint the times when the registration required by the said m rca»ad is to be made; but that at the end qr expiration of the said but at the lime or times, foto be appointed by the said commissioners, no expiration of ship or vessel, belonging to the kingdom of Ireland, which ought

to be registered in the ports thereof, shall have or enjoy such registered a privileges or advantages, unless such ship or vessel shall have greeable to been registered, and shall have obtained a certificate thereof in the said act. purfoance of the before mentioned act, passed in the said parliament of Ireland.

IU. Provided always, That in case it shall happen that any hch ship or vessel, from any unavoidable necessity or reasonable canst, shall not have returned to the port in Ireland to which (hebelongs, within thp time so appointed by the said commis fiooeri, but shall first touch at some port of Great Britain, the ifiaods of Guernsey or Jtrfey, or the isle of Man, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his majesty's customs in eng kni, or any four or more of them, and for the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the time being 'respectively, to permit such ship or vessel, upon proof being made to their satisfaction of such un aroidable necessity or reasonable cause, to enjoy the privileges of a British'built ship or vessel for that time oulv, and to clear out Vot. XXXVI N*wd

If any such vessel should be prevented from returning to the port to which (he belongs in due time, and should touch at a port in Great Britain, C the com missionerb of the customs may permit her to clear out, and re

1781 Anno vicefuiio feptirno gfcofcgii III C 19.' [1787.

turn to her and return to the port in Ireland to which such ship or reflei irelandport m belong and nd other, for the purpose of being there registered.

Recital of part IV And whereas by the before mentioned ally passed in the turn

of the oath tyfixth year of his Majesty't reign y it is enafiedy That no registry of taken b rtie an}fi*p or vejf^ flail thenceforth be made, until the owner or oxtmtts aft % 6 Geo. 3. tffuch fl[p or veffiel Shall have taken an oath therein set forth in temp C 60. ner therein directed, containing, among otherj, the words follomnf\

44 That I the said A. B. (and the said other owners, if any) am to 44 are) truly and bona side a subject (or subjects) of Great Britain 44 and that I the said A. B. have not (nor have any of the omtr 44 owner Sy to the be ft of my knowledge or belief) taken an oath of 44 allegiance to any foreign state whatever, except under the termfi Nooath taken "fime capitulation [describing the particulars thereof 2]** belt temcorarya ena<^e^ by the authority aforesaid, That any oath which fltad right* a CI have been, or may be taken, for the sole purpose of requiring tizen, during the rights of a citizen or burgher in any foreign city or toira residence in a in Europey to be enjoyed during the time that the person or per f°ns ta^ing Such oath shall reside in such city or town, and for an oath ofc a limited time after such residence shall have expired, shall not allegiance to be deemed an oath of allegiance to a foreign (late, within the such Rate. true intent and meaning of the said act.

Instead of the V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no

oath required thing in the said last mentioned act contained shall preventive aft the fol perf°ns thereby authorised from making registry of ships trad lowing oath vessels, and granting certificates thereof to ships and vel may be taken wholly owned by the united company of merchants of England by the person trading to the East Indies, or any other body corporate within thonzed his ^in2dom, all other requisites of the said act being complied the east-india w»ih, upon the following oath being taken and subscribed by company, C the Secretary of the said united company, or other body corporate, or by any other officer authorised by such company or body corporate, (instead of the oath directed to be taken by the said adl} before the person or persons duly authorised to rathe such registry and grant such certificates respectively, which oath they are hereby respectively empowered to administer:

Form of the T A. B. secreta*y or officer of [name of company or corporation] oath. JL do make oathy That the ship or veffiel (name) of (port or pbee)

whereof (matter's name) is at present mastery being (kind of talk, burden, sc. as described in the certificate of the surveyfag officer) was (when and were built, or if prize, capture and condemnation) and that the same doth wholly and truly belong to (name of company or corporation).

VI And whereas by the said ally pajfd in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty s reignt it is enattedy That at the time of obtaining the certificate of registry therein direftedy sufficient Jecurtty by bond shall be given to his Majesty y his heirs and successiorty by the mastery and such of the owners as Shall per finally atlendy as is therein required, such security to be approved of and taken by the person or

per Jins

1787*] Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C f. v79

per fens therein authorised to make such regiflry and te grant a certificate thereof at the port or place in which such certificate ball be granted, in the penalties, and on the conditions, others in the

said act mentioned, That such certificate hall not be foldt lent or otherwise difpefed of: and whereas doubts have arisen whether such bond can be legally executed by the master of the vejf'el at any other port or place than that at which the vrffel is by the said act, required to be rj]pfl*r*d\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and afier the first day 01 June one thousand seven fro June tf hundred and eighty seven, the comm 1 (Turners of his Majesty's ^ontmission customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of en of the cuf them, or the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scotland toms, C for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the go permit vernor, or lieutenant governor, or commander in chief of the th i(lands of Guernsey or Jersey or of the lfle of Manor of any of filing acer vhe coionics, plantations, islands, or territories, which now be tificate of the long, or may hereafter belong, or be in the possession of his Ma registry of a jesty, his heirs and successors, in Afsay Africa, or America, shall, vessel, to be and they are hereby authorised to permit, in any case where it j^reverthey shall appear to them to be expedient, such bond to be taken bethink proper, fore any person or persons whatever, and in such manner, and at such port or place, as they shall respectively judge sitting and necessary j and every such person or persons shall and are hereby authorised to take such bond, and such bond when so taken shall be valid and of the like force and efsets, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if the same had been taken by the perfoo or persons authorised by the said act to make registry and grant a certificate theieof.

VII And whereas no provision is made in the said act, passed in the said twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, requiring fresh security so bond to be given whenever the maser of a hip or vtjfeu registered in pursuance thereof Shall be changed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often Wheneverthe as the master, or other person having or taking the charge or master of a command of any ship or vessel, registered in manner therein dr ^an*ed freth reded, shall be changed, the periun who shall become matter, fccunt? to be or take the charge or command of such ship or vert'd, shall give given, C security by bond, to be taken in the manner and under the penalties and conditions required by the said act and this present

aft; and upon such fresh security being from time to time given, the same being made to appear by endorsement on the Original bond by the officers in whose curtody it shall be, such original bond, (0 far as it relates to the former matter, (hart from thenceforth be null and void, (except with respect to any breach or breaches of the conditions of such bond which may have*been committed before such endorsement.)

VIII And whereat, for want of a sufficient number tf proper officers in the island of Newfoundland, and its dependencies, and in same parts of the provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick, difficulties may occur in carrying the provisions of the be — — - aft, passed in the twenty fxih year of his Majeslf s

n2 r. reign.

iso

Vessels, not exceeding $0 tonnes burden, and not having a fixed deck, may be employed in the fishery at Newfoundland, C

Annoyipesimo septimo Georgii 111. C 19. [1787.

reign, into execution, so far as may relate to jmail veffeh concerned in tarrying on the fi fiery thereof, and in trading cocflwife: be it theth* fore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no whatever, not exceeding the burden of thirty tonnes, and M having a whole or fixed deck, and being employed solely in C fishery on the banks or (hores of Newfoundland, and of the pa adjacent, or on the banks or (hores of the provinces of Sfrukfr Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, adjacent to the gulf of w Lawrence and to the north of Cape Confix or of the iflapj^ within the same, or in trading coafiwife within the said ligity^

without being shall be subject or liable to be registered by virtue or II

Tegiftered

Vessels built at Newfoundland, C for European owners, may be registered there, upon

fuance of the said act, passed in the said twenty sixth year of his Mr. sent majesty's reign, or shall he liable to any hindrance, mokfij? tion, obstruction, or detention whatever, for or on accoui)|p not beiqg so registered; thing in the said act to the epo* trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

jfnd whereas many ships or vessels have been, and may kerib after be built in the said tfland^newfoundland, and in those of the provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, and New Brunfvic)^ adjacent to the gulf of Saint Lawrence, and to the north of Canso, or in the islands within the said limits, on account of ' residing in his Majesty's European dominions, which ships or by reason of the abjence of all the owners, cannot be registered in places, in pursuance and under the provijions of the said c8, so / _ in the said twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign; be therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^ships or vessels shall and may be registered in the said island 0? Newfoundland and its dependencies, or in the parts of the 6$ provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, adjacent to the gulf ot Saint Lawrence, and to the north of Cape Cvfo, or in the islands within the said limits, (before the personsfa

agent8ptakhig thorized respectively at those places to make registry, and to the requisite grant certificates thereof, in pursuance of the said act), upon the'

oath;

husbands or principal agents of the said ships or vessels takio the oath required by the said act, instead of the same L "taken by the owners thereof; and the certificates so shall be of the like force and efsect, to all intents and pu whatever, as if they had been granted upon the oath of die owners respectively.. such time as such ships or veflelsit* spectively shall arrive at some port in his majesty's Eurefaen dominions, where they may be respectively registered upoa^jbf oath of the respective owner or owners thereof, but no lonm^'anything in the said act contained to the contrary notwill^ on\hdr arn*anc, n?: anc whenever such ships or vessels shall first arm^iq valin Europe, any Port n his majesty'seuropean dominions, the ccrufr* rmift he regif' cates of registry, granted in pursuance of this act, (lull be tty tered agree tcrly null and void, and shall be delivered up to be cancelled; Gle to 46 60 anci or vc^s stall and are hereby required to be ra

co. 3. C fpc£jvc|o registered de novo, upon the oath of the respectiue owqers being taken, and the other requisitions of the said act being complied with,

X And

/tiino vkcdmo septimo gkokoil Iff. C 19. 18*

X And whereas, by an at! made dndpaffed in tbt twelfth year of t*sar!at'c*,# tie reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for encoti rccited* raging and increasing of shipping and navigation, certain goods

end commodities therein enumerated and described, are required to be imported into this kingdom, either in ships which belong, tb or are of tie halt of hit Majeslfs dominions', or of the built of (he country or pkee of which the said goods or commodities are the growth, production, ornumfafture respectively, or of such port where the said goods or commodities can only be, or most ufrnlly are first shipped for trans fertation, be rt therefore enabled by the authority tforesaid,

That, from and after rhe first day of July one thousand feveh and Mf hundred and eighry seven, any of the said goods of commodi lj^7tbetefci ties so enumerated or described in the said act, being the growth, enumerated production, or manufacture of Europe, maybe imported into of the growth Groat Britain under the conditions, rules, regulations, and re &c.ofe«rope, Ariftions contained in the said act; and also in an act, made ^[ed into and passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of Great Britain King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for preventing frauds, under the and regulating obtefes in his Majestfl customs; in another act, condidons 6i made and passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act to repeal so much of ihe aft cir.. cit. intimed, An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in and6&ea. t. his majesty's customs, passed tn the thirteenth andfburteetrth years C JS* of Eing Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the importa before

inn of deal boards and sir timbdr from Grermany; either in ships or voths which, before the first day of May one thousand seven belonged to' hundred and eighty six, did fruly and without fraud wholly be his Majestf*! lone to his majesty's dominions, or which are of the built of d°mini<>n8» his majesty's dominions, and regjiftered respectively according to law, or in ships or vessels the built of any countries or places»Europe telonging to or under the dominion of the sovereign or (late in Europe of which rhe said goods or commodities, so enumerated or describeda&aforesaid, are the growth, production, or manufacture respectively, or of such ports where the said goods or cdmmbdires can only b cioc are most usually first shipped for transportation, such (his or vessels being navigated with a matter and three fourths of the mariners, at the least, belonging to such countries or places, or ports respectively, and ia none other ships or vessels whatever; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary irotwithftaftding.'

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons oood«ofmo* Whatever to import or bring into Great Britain from Gibraltar, edtnto^i^*in any ship or vessel which, before the first day of May one braltar, may thousand seven hundred and eighty six, did truly without fraud be imported wholly belong to his majesty's dominions, or are of the built ^roj? thin of his majesty's dominions, navigated and rendered according j "his maje tolaw, any goods, wares, or merchandise, being the growth or (ty'8 dommi production of the dominions of the emperor of Morocco, and ons, or ships which shall have been imported into Gibraltar directly from any belonging ptpf Ac said dominions nothing or being to the fomthward^0cj^°'

18a Anno viccsjflo septimogeorgh III C of «

1786, on pay of the port of Mogadore, in ships or vcffcis belonging to or of of the same the built of his majesty's dominions, as before described, nati ported^m 8atc<* an fegiftered according to law, or in ships or vessel*j*» Africas longing to the subjects of the said emperor cf Morocco, upon lament of the same duties, and none other, as such goods, was, or merchandise are or shall be liable to uppn being icnpogld into Great Britain directly from Africa. hutfuch XIL Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every figji

it^ompa ca^c 6°°^*roported shall be accompanied with a ccf|h nied with a tificate under the hand of the governor, or lieutenant govcaap, certificate, or commander in chief of Gibraltar, (or of any person autbooqpi that they were by them, or either of them, to grant such certificate), Mag ssrtdtarin° ort that such goods were brought into Gibraltar in fucbpv. such veflela as or veflei as above described.. rm

are required XIII and^for obviating all doubts which may artfi tomhie % pk by this act. meaning and conjlruflion of, the said act, made and passed in the twenty

six tk year of the reign of his present Majesty, initialled An a fc the further increase and encouragement of shipping and aptj au vessels gation, be it enabled and declared, That all ships and vq&ls6 which by the said adfc qre declared npt to be

C 60, arede p^vileses or advantages of a Brtiifb built ship, or of a tip clared not to owned by British subjects, and all ships and vessels not regiaggd be iotitled to according .to the directions and regulations, of the said act, fas, ^vsfc# although such ships and vessels may be owned by hfs mmfms suhtship, C ftibjedts, be held and deemed, to all intvnts and puipofa^is to be deemed alien ships, and shall in all cases be liable to such and tbefifte alien ships, . penalties, and forfeitures as alien ships, in the like cases, at&tfr shall bylaw be liable to. : , vc

A P XX u

An act for varying and extending the powers of the company ofyst prietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation. V

CAP. XXI

jfn act to enable the lords commissioners of his Majestfs treafmfu Purchase, of the proprietor of coal mines and coal works etflte efiatt of Pitferran, in the county of Fife, the right of exemption from payment of the duty, on coals exported. 1

Preamble, \KT HEREAS, by a grants or letter of gift, by her late nsanfty reciting grant £>ueen Anne, under the privy seal of Scotland, dat&tbe Anne otaen day of December one thousand seven hundred anifm*it

right of ex

is recited, that dame Janet Halket* Jpoufe to sir Peter Halto V emption from Pitferran alias Wedderburn, of Gostord, knight baronet, ana btr duty on coals predecessors, heritage proprietors of the lands, barony, and ejlat^of tstftafe of ^*l^erran' ani Pf the coals, coal works, and coal mines within. the Pitferran, C bounds thereof \ lying within the shire of Fife, and kingdom of Sept 1'9 land, had been at great charges and expenses in the prosecuting and

working of the said coal works, whereby great benefit and advantage had arisen and redounded to the said kingdom of Scotland, by the or port of the same to foreign countries, and the returns artfmg thereby

in'

17*7-3 a11110 vicesimo fcprimo Georgii Ilf. C i r.

k mtempktion where the same dame Janet Halltet, and her pride ufors, bad enjoyed the immemorial right and pojfession of the privity of exportmg the said tools out of the aid kingdom, free and exempted from all payment of any custom or builion, or any other duties or impifttions, payable for tools exported forth of the said kingdom, oni by tobitb grant, or Utter of gift, her said Majesty, considering that by rtofon of the said right and immemorial possession of the fort fsu exemption, the customs of the coals of the said if ate of p'rtferrati exported had not made any part of the tuftom of her Majrflys said kiogdom, and that the nature and kind of the said toah was futh, that H beam needful that the same should be exported, and her said ma jtly, being willing to give encouragement to the said dame Janet Haiket, her heirs and successors, in the said lands and ejlate of pit frnan, for their better carrying on and profetuting the said works, and exporting the said tools, not only ratified, approved, and confirmed to and in fervour of the said dame Janet Halltet and her foresaids, the full right, privilege, and liberty of transporting the fort said coals forth of the said kingdom of Scotland, free and exempted from all payment of any custom or builion, or any other duties whatsoever, im poftd or to be immeftd thereupon by the laws and alls of parliament of her Mayfly's said kingdom, made or to be made, according as the same bad been pojfiffed and enjoyed by the said dame Janet Haiket, bet predeeejfm and authors, but odfo of new gave and granted, and for her Majesty, her heirs and fuccejfon, perpetually confirmed to the said same Janet Haiket and her foresaids, the full privilege and liberty of transporting the fore said coals from any port or ports within the said kingdom, to any foreign places or countries, free and ekempted from all payment of any ettflom or hullionf or any other duties what sever imposed or to be imposed on the export of tools forth of her Abjtfifs said kingdom, as by the said grant, or letter of gift, may meet fully appear, which grant of exemption herein before set forth was ratified by the parliament of Scotland by an all of ratification, doted the twenty first day of March one thousand even hundred and ftvar, by which act of ratification, her said Majesty, with the advice end confine of the estates of parliament willed and granted, and for her Majesty and her fuccejjors ordhined the fore said grant or letter jf gift bo be (conform to the tenor thereof) good, valid, and sufficient fr psffejfing and tujoying the aforesaid privilege and exemption in all tint coming, as by the Jitid act of ratification may also more fully appear: and whereas, by the sixth article of the treaty of union, it i: s provided and declared. That all parts of the united kingdom for ever, from and after the union, fb/ll have the same allowances, encourage vuntt, and drawbacks, and be under the same prohibitions, restrictions, ani regulations of trade, and liable to the same customs and duties on import end export; and that the allowances, encouragements, and drawbacks, prohibitions, restrictions, and regulations of trade, and the customs and duties on import and export, settled in England when the union com ounces, ball, from and after the union, take place throughout the Whole united kingdom, excepting and reserving the duties upon export end import of such particular commodities from which any persons, ftf fnbjefts of either kingdom, are^pecially liberated and exempted by

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii 111. trtfi.

their private rights ivbkb* of Ur the union art to retook fife entire to them ift all respects as before the same: and whereas /*to the commencement of the union, a suit was iaftknttdkt court of the exchequer in Scotland, by English biuy for recovkff the duties upon certain parcels of cods exported the produce if i aforesaid estate Pitforran, of that fjpecies called Small or Sm Jpoal, ft only for fmitbs use $ which suit the said court ifi chequer by decree dated the twenty-fifth day of July one th even hundred and thirty-eight, adjudged the said figftt of ex to be good as to that species of coals whereof the duties were lie j jefl of the aforesaid suit* and whereas the right of exemption her before mentioned by reason of the recited exception in the faiij article in the treaty ef union and of the aforesaid decree of the court of exchequer in Scotland, has ever puce the anion beendek and taken to be a private rights falling under the deftription ouii titled to the benefit f the foresaid exception h the said sixth a^the treaty of 'union in fervour of private rights, by means coals the produce of the lapis barony and estate of Pitferrato,

beenr and continue to be exported duty free: and whertas* by e acts of parliament certain duties are chargeable upon all other I exported to foreign parts: and whereas it is inexpedient astoes\ respect of the public revenue ds in refpcb of the interest of aether j \prietors of coal mines and coal worhs that the said rifht of exemfi, Should any longer continue to exist: and whereas it is at toe sans Just and reasonqble* that a juitdbk recompense ftumli be made f*rendering the said right jbe it therefore enacted by the ] most excellent majesty, by and with the advke and aeon the lords spiritual and temporal, and ctqpmon** ki Ait \ Treafory may parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, pwrehafe of*and may be lawful to and for the lord commissitt

the right of, majesty's treasury, now and for the time being, and exemption arc hereby authorised and empowered to treat wkh the from duty on prietor or proprietors, of the lands, barony, and estate of edvom^the** ferran* which belonged to the family of halketntpitferrauik mines of Pit l'me f the grant before mentioned, in favour of the afbrfe ferran j dame Janet Halket* being the proprietor or proprietor

coai mines gnd coal works situated within the same landv'l rony, and estate of Pitferran* or with such other person or L fons as are or may be the proprietor or proprietors of xhti coal mines and coal works, for the purchase of the said rig' exemption; and the said lords commissionefs of his Map treasury, now and for the time being, are hereby further at ri^ed and empowered to agree for and stipulate a reasonawe i adequate price for such purchase of the said exemption, tit make payment of such price out of any moneys arising from \ revenue of customs in that pan of Great Britain, called H

II Anf* upon such payment being made or tendered, it is he further enacted. That the foresaid right of exemption, wd| benefit belonging thereto or accruing therefrom, shall ccafe i for ever determine, and be no longer enjoyed: and that! coals, the produce of the said lands, barony, and estate of J

ferranj

on payment of inch purchase money the said right to cease;

17j; .] Anno vfcehmo septimo Georgii III C ill 185

ferm> shall, upon the exportation thereof, be/ubjeft and liable to the like duties as' other coals exported to foreign parts are Hibleind fiibieft unto; and such duties shall be raised, levied, eoile&d, applied, and disposed of in the lame manner, and to the same uses and purposes as the duties on other coals exported are or may be raised, levied, collected, applied, and disposed of b? any law now in being.

IH. Andy for the bitter and mere effectual raising and ccheflittg fvb duties, and the prevention of frauds therein, it is hereby enacted and declared, That all the rules, regulations, restrictions, for and the regu feitutss, and penalties, as well real as pecuniary, which are provided lations, Sec. by any atf or acts of parliament now in force, touching or con touch, Dxth« cerning the raising, levying, and collecting the duties on coals ajtis^on^ exported to parts beyond the seas, and the prevention of frauds coals export in the shipping and exportation of such coals, shall, in all rd, to extend foes, extend and be applied to the shipping and exportation fqr foreign parts of coals the produce of the lands, barony, and ^tfciram111 cflate of Pitfcrran aforesaid, the said grant of exemption, act of ratification thereof, or any law, usage, or possession whatsoever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIL

jnabfor side of certain houses and ground belonging to his majesty.

WHEREAS his Majesty is feifedy in right of his crown, rf Preamble the several messuages or tenements, pieces or parcels of ground

mu after mentioned and described 5 and it will be for the benefit ef bh Majesty and the public that all the said messuages or tenements, oudfietts or parcels of ground, Should be sold, and the money arising fine the sale thereof applied and disposed of in manner herein osier mentioned; and his Majesty is therefore pleased and contented that tie same shall be sold, and the money arising from such sale disposed if k manner herein afttr dire tied: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consmt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tbit present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

That it shall and may be lawful for the lord high trea Treafmymay (iirer, or the coiptniffioners of the treasury for the time being, treat for the (treat, contrast, and agrde with any person or persons, bodies or, eafin5 postkk or corporate, their heirs, successors, and alligns, for the fate, or for the leasing of all or any part of the estate, right, title, specified. or imerect, in or to all or any of the premises following, together with all and every their rights, members, and appurtenances thereunto belonging; that is to say, The house in Privy Garden, within the liberty of lvestminstery used as an office for the commissioners of the lottery; and also the several houses in First Scotland Yard, within the liberty of Westminster aforesaid, following; that is to say, the one latelyufed as an office for his majesty board of works; the one in the occupation of the late fur teyor general of his majesty's works, or hi under tenants; the one in the occupation of Phoebe Scott; the one in the occupation

On execution of conveyances of the said premises, and payment of the purchase money, such conveyances to be valid in law.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C [1787, tion of John Jones or his under tenants; the one late in occupation of Richard Ripley late resident clerk of the born works; the one late belonging to the furvevor general of majesty's board of works, and now in the occupant M' Cleary and Priddle; and also the ground, with the sheds erelted thereon, late belonging to the mailer C the board of works, with the liable and two coach joining thereunto; and also the messuages or tenementsil,

'Second and Third Scotland Yards, within the precincts of blsl^ jelly's palace of Whitehall, within the liberty of weftminflerokm said, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Robert J, John Mouffell* John Pullen John Phelps Robert Ross Agjfp Stephens, George Husbands John Roberts and Sarah Lovepmi and also the following messuages or tenements situate withfefee precindls of Whitehall, that is to say, the one now or lattimp occupation of John Cooper; the one now or late in the tenom occupation of George fowur; the one now or late in the of Held; the one now in the occupation of Samuel the one now in the occupation of lfaae Clarice gentleman" one now in the occupation of Anselm Bayly doctor in dti' fub dean of his Majesty's chapel royal; and also the I houses and parcels of ground on Hampton Court Green, nilt joining thereto, in the county of Middlesex following, thjr^ fey, ihe manfipn house late in the occupation of Whitjbed' esquire, and formerly held by him as surveyor gener majesty's works; the message or tenement now or late in cupationof William Rice clerk to his majesty's board of the parcels of meadow ground lying between the said h the said Whitjbed Kune and William Rice and the river of \ and adjoining thereto, and now or late in the occupation said whitjbedkeene and William Rice, or one of them; at the message or tenement now or lately belonging to jesty s mailer gardener at Hampton Court aforesaid, and non»the tenure or occupation of William Pedley* one of the foteml to the said master gardener; the message or tenement nqsr* late in the occupation of Anderson; nd the meflqdgf'or

tenement now in the occupation of George Shaw, his sergeant farrier.

II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Upon the executing contracts or agreements by the commissioottt tf his majesty's treasury, or any three of them, or the lord treasurer for the time being, or upon executing such other saa* vcyances, surrenders, or demises, as in such contract orcoutradf shall be agreed on for that purpose, and payment of the prise, at such time or times as shall be agreed on, into the handsd such person or persons as shall be appointed for that purpose is aforesaid, to be applied and disposed of according to the directions of this act, such conveyances, aflignmeqts, (urrenders, and demises, shall be good and effectual in the lw to all intentsaod purposes, and shall acquit and discharge every such purchaieror jeflee, his and their hcjrs, successors, e*ecutors? administrators,

Purchase no ney to be applied adhere to directed.

Anno vicesimo feptitno Georgii III c.23. 187

ml sfsigns, as against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and ipt aether perioo or perlbns churning, or to claim, by, from, un in trust for him or them, or the said cotnmifli oners, not fpjfailiiiiiling any restraint or other matter or thing contained in jrtaa, made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty }thn» Annty intituled, An act for tbt hotter support of her ma wufs bmjbtld, and tf the honour and dignity of the, or any matt law or statute whatever.

''hi. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That -18 and every sum and sums of money ariiing by such sales or .aaotracts, or by any conveyance, snigcments, surrenders, or tkffsfet made in pursuance thereof, of the said messuages or te jpebents and premises so by this act veiled in the commissionera the treasury as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, shall be paid .duo applied, in pursuance of warrants under the hands of the 'bid commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or any three or; snore of them, in manner following, that is to say; in the first place, (or paying and diicharging all expenses incurred in and tffiiqut.executing and completing such say or sales as aforesaid,

«rmilling thereto respectively, and for making compcnfctions Mpch of the persons to whom the said houies, or any of them, iwffgtdin right of their offices, as ihajl be thought fit; and, nfttsfayment of such charges and expenses, and such cotnpen imm> the fur pi us and residue of the said money shall, nwm fatto time, be paid to the commissioners appointed by or in .jffilwitl of an act, passed in the last session of parliament, ha

jtlfrd, An act for appointing towmdffuners to inquire Iprfmndition of the woods forests and land revenues belonging to fie

mint end to Jill or ameuato fto farm. and uttimprovoabu rntu

vflftffitfane lhah be laid out by the said commissioners, and be tftyaftd of in like manner as the moneys directed to be paid into the hank of England under or by virtue of the said recited act.

(y. Saving always to all and every person and persons, their executors, and administrators, and all bodies politic and dofpanut*and their successors, (other than and except the king's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors), all such estate,

agkt, title, interest, and demand whatever, which they or any efthem have, or might have had, of, in, to, or out of the said ffitfuages or tenements and premiies, or any of them, or any ia thereof, before the passing of this act, as fully and effedu jjjh, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been mit, anything herein contained, to the contrary notwithstand arvd it is hereby declared to be a public act of parliament; Pablick ad. SM ill judges, justices, and others, are hereby required to take i aotfce thereof as such, without specially pleading the lame.

General V

log.

CAP. XXIII

Asia for raising a certain sum of money b loans or exchequer bills, far the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty fares. — For raising s^ooroool. as prescribed by the malt ad.

CAP.

j Anfeo vicesimo septimo Georgia lit C 44 — 16. [iy!ty

CAP. xxl V

An act for nrifihg*further fiuii of ittoniey* by loans or > for the service of the year one thousendrseven' hundred, 9«5qoaoodl raised by this act as diife&edby the malt

CAP. XXV

An act for tailing a further sum of money, by exchequer Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty Tar tarfc 1, 500, 0001. more as prescribed by the ttalt aft,

4, /

CAP. XXVI

Jin ait to enable the lord bi^h, Or commissionen of tbj'i fury for the time being, to let to farm the granted

made in the twenty-fifth year of his present majesty's rttp horses let to hire for travelling poji, and by timey to Jucb ferfi

Should be willing to tontrabi for the same.

Preamble, f HEREAS by an aijt made anipafihd in the

reciting year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, atij$

ajgco.3x.51. for repealing the duties on licences t&kirtbut by persons f horses far the purpose of travelling po and on horses, for travelling poflr, and by time, m.d. on stage coact for granting other duties in lieu thereof j and fclfo (duties on horses let to hire for travelling poll, and by tii won, anbobgfi other thingry'iina£ied, That pom and after the of August, one ebonfani fivinhundred and tighp fivt, then

rdifedt lrbiodt coi/emd, Wd paidy throughout the iing

Britain', unto and sit tbrvft of'bet his heirs and

atnang other rates and Skiies, the severed rates and

that is to fey, Fer end in refpth of every botjl hired by i flagr, to be uftd in travelling pofi in Great Britain, a duly penny halfpenny for every mile futb horse should lit hired to and that for mod i rtfpeft ofev&y horse hired sofa any kfi ported of time for drawing on dhy ptmiek toad any otheretarriagf used in travelling poji or otherwise, by tohatfietrt fitch carriages then were, or thereafter might to called orajtfteiii _ or in refpell whereof any rates or dirties, Then or tbentoforte uhrtrfy management of the eefnmijfumert of excise, vttre or had heed ffh. payable by any jh&ute or statutes then in force, there Jheuld be cbem/c if the iifiance Should be then afertained, the sum of one penny m.p. fenny per mite, and if the dijlance Should not be ajiertamed\ tm Should be charged the sum of one billing end nine pence for dhdbtm Jpo& of mh horse so hired; such duty to be paid by the person sins by wham such horse Should be hired: and whereas there is grit?, reafou to believe the aid rates and duties have been greatly evehxh we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament alsembled, do raoft horn bly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it

# acted by. the king's most excellent imqefty> by and with the twice

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cotq tqons, in this present parliament aflembl$d, and by the autho

'm

i Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 26. 189

Wof the same. That it shall and may be lawful, from and after From Aug. r9

*£rft day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty the ta tt, to and for the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners lo7arm the fa treasury, or any three or more of them, for the time be duties grant fag and they are hereby empowered, either by themfelvee, or ed by the fa his majesty's commissioners for managing the duties onrccitedi^f ymfd vellum, parchment, and paper, thereunto duly authors) far that purpose, under the hand and Teal of the lord high, treasurer, or under the hands and Teals of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, for that purpose, to let tp faro the rates and duties herein beifore recited, to such person df prions 23 shall be willing to farm the same, according to faeiwulations and in the manner herein after prescribed.

< IL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Jn<* at j if shall and maybe lawful for the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, farming them.

fa such particular districts as shall appear to them mod po ttr gnd convenient, for the purpose of farming out the said rofafeparatcly in each district to the bed advantage.

'jjf. And be it further enacted. That one month's notice at Three sag kail shall be given by the lord high treasurer, or commis month's no of the treasury, or any three of them, or the commission^u°iimhe managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, an A Gazette of authorised by them as aforesaid, in the London Gazette the time and. time and place of letting the said rates and duties, fpeci place of let thedidricts within which it is intended to let to farm the j hedu ilues, and the sum at which it is proposed to put up the and also the place or office into which proposals for

[ the same shall be delivered.

No proposals

And it is hereby further enacted. That, no such propo for farming I fall be proceeded on, unless the same are so delivered in at the duties to three days previous ro the day so appointed in the Gazette,*

1 with the names of the parties, dating the places of their three who intend to become bidders, and Specifying the didridl days previous they intend to bid. to the day ap

k And be it further enacted. That the lord high treasurer, pointed, Ac. fijjfae lords commissioners of his majesty's treasury, qr any three m<}dc f Pro re of them, or the commissioners for managing the duties ^ts^upthe M oped vellum, parchment, and paper, authorised as afore duties,

1, ftuul let the said rates and duties arising within any such Ac. jift.as aforesaid, for any term not exceeding three years, and fafemc shall respectively be put up at a rent not less than the ra amount which they shall appear to have produced within tae jear ending on the first day of August one thousand; seven 1 hundred and eighty six; and that the bidding for .the same shall bt conducted under such regulations as shall be eftajblilhed for the purpose by the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of tfa treasury for the time being, or any tjifee of them, or by the^wputuffioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, pafthtnent, and paper, duly authorised as aforesaid; and the person who shall be the highest bidder ihajl be the farmer or o - rt renter

vjjoo^ic

igo

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii 111. C 26. [1787.*

renter of the said rates and duties, or such part thereof as'llnl^ be then put up to let, for the said term of three years, or tsm other (horter verm as may be determined on, and as (halt btfip? ferted in the Gazittey and shall forthwith execute a contrail!

be prepared in pursuance of this act, and give security by bjl^j

to his Majesty, his heirs and (ucceflors, with three or mortr' ficient sureties, for payment to his Majesty, his heirs andlbw ceffors, of the money or yearly rent so contracted for, theflp rent' to be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of m majesty's stamp duties, at the head office of stamps, in portions, by eight several payments in the year; that is to On the fifteenth of September, the first of November, the sixte of Deeember, the first of February, the sixteenth of Martha the of May the sixteenth of June, and the first of August % in cw year, unless any of the said days shall be on a Sunday, and Aw the next day thereafter 5 the first payment thereof to comotbtt and be made on executing the said contract, and so contindrfc be made on every succeeding day of payment in each yesj during the continuance of the contract, and before the exw tion of the term for which the said rates and duties shall blit been so let to farm.

sstedin VI prove always, and be it enacted, That in every? contracts, that trait which shall be entered into in pursuance of this act, tb they shall be shall be inserted a clause, declaring that the same shall be

void on any resolution made by the house of commons fofwit purpose, upon six months notice being given by the lord fc treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, or any three more of them, to any person entering into such contract.

VII And be it further enacted, That in case any of theftd

void on any resolution of the commons

If the duties

of any district districts so fixed on, shall not be let to farm at the time fixedty

ictatthe^ime advertisement, for want of offers to farm the same iridic

fixed by ad vcrtifcraent, a future day may be appointed for that purpose.

Deputations

manner herein before provided, the lord high treasurer, ortbe said commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or any thrcrtif them, or the commissioners of stamps (authorised as aforefkj) may fix such future day or days as they shall judge a proper for letting such districts respectively, in the manner Hod upon the notice herein before provided.

VIII And be it further enacted, That the lord high treafireir, to e given to or the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or any three of lhc*| them, or the commissioners for managing the duties on (her11 farm^hedu 0 CL Ufn* parchment, and paper, authorised as aforesaid»appointby contract being entered into, and bond given as afon

shall, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver toflie person or person farming such rates and duties, and execudo; such contract, a deputation, commission, or authority, under Ac hands and seals of three or more of them, appointing such per (ons to be the collectors of the said rates and duties so let to him or them respectively as aforesaid, and authorising such person so farming the said rales and duties to take fecuruies by bomb from the persons licensed, in the name of his Majesty, his heirs tod fucccflbrs, with such conditions respectively as are required

ing them col leaort thereof.

1717*3 Anno vicesimo fcprimo Georgii III C 26. 191

fit laid recited act, and to do, perform, and execute all and ifsh the powers, acts, matters, and things, touching the col jfsmg, managing, or accounting for the said rates and duties fe firmed to him or them respectively, within and for his or tjicir district, division, or collection, as fully and effectually as the collector or collectors, or other person or persons appointed ty the commissioners for managing the duties on damped vel ipta, parchment, or paper, under the said recked ad, are iin powered or authorised to do.'

IX And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be law ferfoiis farm fid to and for the person or persons so farming the said rates and duties, with the consent of the commissionei's for managing the modeofketp juties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, to vary the ins accounts mode of keeping the weekly account, directed by the herein under J" before recited act to be kept by the several persons who let out j^or^letm*horses to hire for travelling pod, or by time, in such manner as C an€j they shall judge most convenient for keeping the said accounts; persons friu and they shall also be at liberty, by any endorsement, or on the duleotly face of the tickets or certificates to be delivered by them to the several licensed persons, to add the name or number of the di i! Arid which they shall so farm; and that any person forging or counterfeiting the said tickets, or aiding or amftmg therein, or uttering or publithing as true any false, forged, or counterfeited ticket, note, or certificate, with an intent to defraud the said farmer or farmers of any of the said rates or duties, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as other pecuniary penalties are by the said herein before recited act directed to be recovered and applied.

X And be it further enacted. That all the powers, provi Power of that lions, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, and all other di

regions, matters, and things, prescribed or appointed by the altered^to hid herein before recited a, with relation to the said rates and continue ip duties, or to the persons appointed or to be appointed to collect! the periods the same, and not hereby altered, shall be in full force and efsect, the

and carried into execution by the person or perfops farming the du, flame, and appointed collectors thereof by the said commissioners of (lamps as aforesaid, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the lame, and every of them, had several ly been re enacted in this as; and the said persons so farming the said rates and duties shall have all and every the like remedies for the recovery of the money payable for, or which shall have arisen from, the said nuts and duties, within their respeciive districts, divisions, or collections, so farmed by them as aforesaid, as the collectors appointed by the commissioners for managing the duties on (Umped vellum, parchipent, and paper, now are entitled to have.

XI And be it further enacted, That all securities, bonds, or Bonds from obligations, taken by the person or persons farming the said innkeepers, rates and duties, from such postmasters, innkeepers, or other tb licensed persons under this or the said recited act, shall be taken

to the name of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall majeay, C

and

192

Personi farm

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C [1787.

and may be sued and prosecuted in the name of his majesty*kil heirs or successors, by and with the consent of his Majesty'saft torney general in England, or advocate general in Scotland, asi* all actions, suits, or informations, sued or prosecuted for tff penalty forfeited by virtue of this or the said recited act, Jhd and may be sued and prosecuted in the name of his mapj^i his heirs or successors, or in the name of his majesty's find attorney general, or advocate general, respectively, or by aaf person who shall prosecute or sue for the same, in the manor in the said recited act directed: provided, That all actions, ftita» or informations, sued or prosecuted in the name of any suck farmer or farmers, shall be held and deemed to be popubr adiions, suits, or informations, respectively, to all intents aid purposes whatsoever

______________ And be it further enacted by the authority aforefitfi

ing the duties That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons sarto hive the ing the said rates and duties as aforesaid, to have and use At same reine like remedies for the recovery thereof, against the persons ap very thereof" p°*nted to receive the same, by extent or otherwise, which may as for duties be had or used for any duties payable directly to the King's mb

Sayable to his jesty.

lajcfty. XIII And, in order to prevent di/putes concerning the said berm

before recited duties, in cases where the same may be collided in m dtflriel, division, or collection, and the tickets may be delivered too Duties to be different di/trict, division, or collection; be it further enacted, The, 25&a0.the the said duties shall belong, and the tickets issued thereupon Out be returned and accounted for to the person or persons respecti tively who shall be the farmer or farmers of the several dutiq aricng within the district, division, or collection where (tick tickets shall have issued, and where the poftmaiters, innkeeper or other licensed persons issuing the same shall reside; and it gatekeepers at whose gates such tickets shall be delivered, shall return the same to the farmer of the rates and duties Oral whose district such ticket shall have issued, at the time and it the manner the same are directed to be returned to the (even) collectors by the said recited act.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every postmaster, innkeeper, or other person so licensed^aforesaid, residing in the city of London or liberty of Wtflm* ?h7hadoffice^r> or w*lhin five miles of the head office for stamps, or within for stamps, or the bills of mortality, shall bring in and deliver to the farmer or within the farmers so appointed collector or collectors of the said rates end bills of^mor duties, the accounts directed by the said recited act to be deli Nverto the " vcrcd> and shall pav at such place in London ox ivejtminster, and farmers of the at such times, as (nail be appointed by public notice in the duties the ac London Gazette, by order of the commissioners for managing the cud.. on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, the money recited vql ^uc on accounts; and all and every licensed person, not C9redding within five miles of the head office of (lamps, nor within

the bills of mortality, shall, at. the times and at the places to be mentioned at the foot of the licence granted to him, her or them,

and

district from whence the tickets are, issued.

Innkeepers, See. within .fire miles of

17i7.] Anno viccfimafeptiroo Georgii III C 27. 193

and afterwards at the foot of every receipt given by the collector for the money paid on account of the said duties, attend, and there deliver in and pafc his accounts, and pay the duty received by him, her, or them, to the person so appointed collector but not to be thereof, under the penalty in the said herein before recited act |^fj5ther directed: provided always. That no such licensed person shall than the be compelled to travel, for the payment of the said duties, far nearest mar there than to the market town neared to his or her habitation, bet town.

XV And be it further enacted, That no person or persons Farmer of farming the said rates and duties, and appointed coiledors ^otevo thereof shall, in pursuance of such appointment, be disqualified members of from voting at any election or elections of members to serve in parliament, parliament; any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI Provided always, That no contract for letting the duties Duties not to

herein mentioned to farm, shall be made with any person or be farmed by persons Jicensed to let horses for the purpose of travelling port, Vt nor to any one for his or their use, or on his or their behalf, or C

so as that he or they shall have any interest therein, or benefit

therefrom, but that the same (if so made) shall be utterly null and void; and that if any such contract shall be assigned to any person or persons as aforesaid, or 10 any other person or persons for his or their use, so that he or they shall have any interest therein, or benefit therefrom, that such assignment shall also be utterly null and void.

XVII And be it further enacted. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any dause, matter, or thing herein contained,

such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and General issue gift the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or Treble costs, them against such plaintiff pr plaintiffs

CAP. XXVII

had far allowing the importation and exportation cf certain goods, wew, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la mr, Montego Bay and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port ef Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence one of the Bahama islands9 tinier certain regtijptions and rejlrift'tons.

WHERE AS by an act made and passed in the sixth year of Preamble, the reign of his present Majesiy\ entitled, An act forfeiting opening, and establishing certain ports in the island of Jamaica 6 and Dominica; for the more free importation and exportation of C certain goods and merchandizes; for granting certain duties to defray the expenses of opening, maintaining, securing, and im vot* XXXVI O proving

14 Gcd. J. C 41; and a 1 Geo. 3. C 19.

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii 111. C 27. [1 jtf.

proving such ports; for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom; and for securing the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other Brhijb colony; and by two several acts, made and passed in the fourteenth and twenty flrft yean of the reign of his present Majesty, the several ports of king^ofl» Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay and Santa Lucea in the ijuni of Jamaica, are now open for the free importation of certain net and merchandise: and whereas it is expedient that the said acts jmi be repealed, in so far as the same in any wise relate to the importation or exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandise, to or from tk aforesaid ports, or any of them, or to the admission of any hips 0 vessels into the said ports, or any of them, or to any duties payable such importation, exportation, or admi/fon; and that thofy ports, uk gather with the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada and the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and the poet of Nassau in the island of New Providence one of the Bahama i/knit % flsould be opened under proper regulations and reftrifiions: may tt therefore please your Majesty that it may be'enacted; and bek enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with At advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and con mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the audio Sept. X rity of the same, That the said several acts made and passed i cued acts to"^sixth, fourteenth, and twenty first years of the reign of be repealed, as his present Majesty, shall, from and after the first day of Sep far as they re tember one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be, »late to the im the same are hereby repealed, in so far as the same in any wise' exportation rc*atc to the importation or exportation of any goods, wares, 6t I of goods to merchandise, to or from the aforesaid ports, or any of them; of to the admission of any ships or vessels into the said pom, or any of them, or to any duties payable on such importation, exportation, or admission.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaij, 'and from that That, from and after the said first day of September, wool, cor | the ar tonne wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all sorts, cocoa, logwood, 'enumerated ^U^IC> an forts wo°d for dyers use, hides, flrins, and tal of the growth low, beaver, and all sorts of furs, tortoise shell, hardwood, or of any colony mill timber, mahogany, and all other woods for cabinet wart, in America horses, asses, mules, and cattle being the growth or produfkoo before?ctigeu any co^onies or plantations in America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or (late, and all coin and builion, diamonds, or precious stones, may be imported from any of the said colonies or plantations into the several ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Qfontego Bay and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, the^ort of Roseau in the island of Dorn* foreign Euro nica, and the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence one exceed of the aiawia island, in any foreign (loop, fehooner, or other ^by^eflel whatever, not having more than one deck, and not ex then. ceeding the burden of seventy tonnes, and being owned andtia

vigated by the subjects of any foreigo European sovereign or r*flitcj

or from the ports therein mentioned, dec.;

ropean state, may he imported into the ports herein mentioned, In one decked

17*70 Anno vkcfubo septimo Georgii III C

fine; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstand

And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said first day of September, no goods, ant articles wares, or merchandise, except fuel) as are herem before enu ^roted merated, shall be imported in any such foreign Hoop, schooner, should be im or ydfel, whatever, from any of the colonies or plantations in ported into America belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign Eu any of the said Tspeem sovereign or (late, into any of the before mentioned ports, upon any pretence whatever, upon pain of forfeiting the same, co be together with the (loop, schooner, or vessel in which the same forfeited.

shall be imported, and the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture of such sloop, schooner, or veflelj and in every such case the same shall^nd may be seized by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs or navy, who are or shall be authorised or empowered to make seizures in cases of forfeiture, and shall and may be prosecuted in such manner as herein after is directed..

tv. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore hid, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the said Rum, negroes first day of September, to export from any of the said ports to g?^ds any of be colonies or plantations in America belonging to or fa, except*under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or (late, masts, C in ny sloop, schooner, or other vessel whatever, owned and may be ex' navigated by the subjects of any foreign European sovereign or ^e^fd^orts state, not having more than one deck, and not exceeding the burden of seventy tonnes, rum of the produce of any British reigncolonica iflaod, and also negroes which shall have been brought into the in America, m hidifhnds respectively in brjtijb built ships, owned, navigated, one decked and registered according to law, and all manner of goods, wares, ^an^ffd" or merchandise which shall have been legally imported into the not exceeding hidiflaods respectively, except masts, yards, or bowsprits, pitch, 70 tona burr tar, turpentine and tobacco j and also except such iron as shall hen. have been brought from the British colpnies or plantations in America \ any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any doubt shall arise whether such The legality goods, wares, or merchandise, intended to be so exported, shall of the impor life been legally imported into the said islands of Jamaica, Gre uky Dominica, and New Providence respectively, the legality of pr0vcd before loch importation shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the exportation, collcdor and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs at the port of exportation, before such goods, wares, or merchandise shall be suffered to be shipped for exportation.

VL And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore hid, That, from and after the said first day of September, all The articles wool, cotton wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all sorts, cocoa, herein enu logwood, fustic, and all sorts of wood for dyers use, hides, skins, and tallow, beaver, and all sorts of furs, tortoise shell, ma from Jamaica, hogany, and all other woods for cabinet ware, of the growth or See. to Great ptodu&ioa of any of the colonies or plantations in America, be Britain or Ire

02 longing and under

lie regulars of II r. 2. C 18; and 13 ar. a. C 26; da o Geo, 3. > 10.

'if any goods; of the growth, See. of Europe, the eft Indies, C be exported from .Grenada, Dominica, or Bahama, to any British colony in America, or the West Indie*, they are forfeited, with thevcfleis, C

No duty or see to he taken at Jamaica, C for any entry of foreign vessels, on penalty in fluffed by 5 Geo. 3. C 45*

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III c.27. [I] longing to or under the dominion of any foreign Evropm\ vereign or (late, shall be allowed to be exported from the' islands of Jamaica Grenada, Dominica and New Provu spectively, to Great Britain or Ireland, under the rules, tions, restrictions, securities, penalties and forfeitures, larly mentioned and provided in an act of parliament, the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, 1 tuled, An act for the encouraging and encreoftng of hipping vigation; and in another act of parliament, made in the t second and twenty-third years of the reign of King G Second, entitled, An act to prevent the planting of tobacco in, land, and for regulating the plantation trade; and in ai of parliament, made in the twentieth year of his present fly's reign, entitled, An act to allow the trade between 1 and the British colonies and plantations in America and the Indies, and the British settlements on the coaf of Africa, to ried on in like manner as it is now carried on between Great and the said colonies and settlements; or in any of the said a respect to the goods, wares, or merchandise therein eaui or described.

VII And it is hereby further enaqed by the authority said, That, from and after the said first dy of Septi goods or commodities whatever, of the growth, produi manufacture of Europe, or the East Indies, or other pi yond the Cape of Good Hope shall, upon any pretence wl be exported from the islands of Grenada or Dominica, or the Bahama islands, to any other British colony or plantati America, or the West Indies, upon pain of forfeiting such or commodities, together with the ship or vessel in whs same shall be so exported, and the guns, tackle, apparel furniture, of such ship or vessel; and in every such case same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of customs or navy, who are or shall be authorised and impon so make seizures in cases of forfeiture; and shall and prosecuted in such manner as herein after is directed.

VIII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority said, That no duty of gunpowder, nor any fee or reward1 ever, shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any offid officers whatever in the said islands of Jamaica, Grenada, ft nica and New Providence respectively, for any entry, coqf clearance or passport, for any foreign ship or vessel, or for goods, wares or merchandise, imported into or exported! the said islands respectively, in such foreign ships or vessels, der the like pains and penalties as are inflicted upon ofi exacting or receiving greater fees than are allowed by act made in the fifth year of the reign of his. present Majesty \ An act for more effiftually fauring and encouraging the I of his Majifiy's American dominions; for repealing the inlanii oh coffee impofei by an act made in the thirty second year of his majesty King George the Second, and for granting an inland M all coffee imported, (except coffee of the growth of the British h

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 28.

mm in America) 5 for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon ffigars exported; far repealing part of an act made in the twenty mrdyear of his said late Majesty, whereby bar iron made in the aid dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or car read csaftudfe; and for regulating the fees of the officers of the tujloms in the said dominions.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That ail penalties and forfeitures imposed by this at shall and may be respectively pro see u ted, sued for, recovered, and divided. in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, or the [fie of Man, or in any of his majesty's colonies or islands in America, in the same manner and form, and by the same rules and regulations, in all respects, as any other penalties and forfeitures imposed by any act or acts of parliament made for the security of the revenue of the custoras, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, or for the regulation of trade or navigation, and which were in force immediately before the passing of this act, may be respec tive/y prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, or in any of his majesty's colonies or islands in America

A. And it is hereby further enacted, That this act shall continue in force to the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament,

CAP. XXVIII

Jn 08 for granting to his Majesty certain duties on glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties on glass made in Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain duties should be granted on glass imported into Great Britain from the European dominions of the French king; in order to countervail the internal defies payable on the manufacture thereof in this kingdom; and also certain additional duties on glass imported from other parts, and that further provision should be made for charging the duties on glass made in Great Britain; we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aftem bled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be en tsted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice apd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his hein and successors, over and above all other duties due and payable upon all glass which shall be imported into Great bri fan directly from any of the European dominions of the French

p3

How penalties are to be recovered and divided.

act to continue in force to Sept. 1, 1792, and to the end of the next session.

Preamble

From May io, 1787, the fol lowingduties are to be paid on the importation of glass, over and abovethepre* sent duties

*9$ Anno vicesimo feptimd georisii lit. C 4§. [1787.

king, or from any other place whatsoever, the several inland duties following; that is to say:

For every For every square foot, superficial measure, of French plate fauare foot of giafsj which shall be imported as aforesaid, the sum of one hil guf8^8?5dc. ns an five "Pence halfpenny; and foin proportion for aq.*greater or Idler quantity:

Foreverycwt, For every hundred weight of French flint glass, or Frinth ^f^re&chflint ename^> Gained, or paste glass, or French phial glass, which (hill g a 9, C 1. nr, p0rted as aforesaid, the sum of one pound and nine MI9# lings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity;

Foreverycwt. For every hundred weight of ftehch fpredd window aft, f<fn?hf commonly called Broad Glass which shall be imported as atore 83?xd5a89 re sum crght Shillings and one penny; and Sfo id 'proportion

for any greater or Tester quantity:

Foreverycwt. For every hundred weight of other French window glass (not of French being spread glass), whether fla(hed or otherwise manufadhired, crown, or an(] commonjy called or known either by the name of Gretok glassti^s.iod. Glass or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the sum of nineteen Shillings and ten pence; and so id proportion for any greater or lesser quantity: for every cwt. For every hundred weight of French bottles (not being phials)

offrenchbot which shall contain more or less than a quart, which shall bfe ties, 48. od. imported as aforesaid, the sum of four Shillings and one half foreverycwt. Penny and so m proportion for any greater or lesser quantity: of plate glass, For every hundred weight of plate 'glass, and all other glaft or other glass manufactures, npt otherwise particularly epum'erated or deferib not otherwise C which shall northeast imported as aforesaid, the sum of one pound C*and eight Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or Duties to be lesser quantity; the said several duties upon glass to be paid by paid by the the importer thereof before the landing thereof, importer.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland refpcc tively.

Duties to be parried to the consolidated fund.

b7Qco.3x.13.

II And be it further enacted by'the authority aforesaid. That such of the duties by this act imposed as shall arise in England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the management of the commiflibtier* of excise in Scotland for the time being.

I'll. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said duties hereby granted shall be carried to, ana made part of the fund called The Consolidated Fund, created by an a made in this session of parliament, (entitled. An aflfot repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufaflure of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom \ and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the parent of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), and shall be issued and applied to the same uses

Anno vice&no septimo Georgii III C a8.

and purposes as the duties which constitute the said fund are diredted to be issued and applied.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, there shall be paid the following drawbacks for and upon all glass which shall be made in Great Britain and exported as merchandise to foreign parts; that is to lay,

for every iquare foot, superficial measure, of plate glass, which shall be made in Great Britain from, materials or metal or other prepartions for which the duties by the said above recited a ft, made in this fcfiion of parliament, imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the sum of one shilling and five pence halfpenny j and lo in proportion for any greater or lefier quantity:

For every hundred weight of flint glass, or enamelied, stained, or paste glass, or phial glass, which shall be made in Great bri tain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the said act, made in this session of parliament, imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the sum of one pound and nine Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lefier quantity: For every hundred weight of spread window glass (commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glass) which shall be mode in Great Britain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the said act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the sum of eight Shillings and one penny; and foin proportion for any greater or lefier quantity:

For every hundred weight of all other window glass, (not being spread glass), whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Gkfsy or of German Sheet Glassy which shall be made in Great Britain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the said act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the fam of nineteen Shillings and ten pence; and foin proportion for any greater or lefier quantity:

For every hundred weight of common bottles, (the same not being phials), and of vessels made use of in chemical laboratories, and of garden glades, and of all other vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal, which shall be made in Great Britain from materials or metal or other preparations for which the duties by the said act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, the fom of four Shillings and one halfpenny; and foin proportion for any greater or lefier quantity;

Which said drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the duties of cxctfe by the said act made, in this session of parliament

Q 4 imposed,

From May 10, 1787, the following drawbacks to be paid on the exportation of glass made in Great Britain, viz.

For every square foot of plate glass, is. d. aq.

For every cwt.

of flint glafij, C si. 9*.

For every cwt. of broad glast, 8s. zd.

For every cwt. of crown or German heet glass, C 19s. xod.

For every cwt. of common bottles, 48* od. aq.

How drawbacks are to be paid.

209*Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 28. Xf^7*

imposed, under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, contained and provided in and by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his prerent Majesty, (entitled, An act to limit a lime for the repaymat of the duties on male fervanti and carriages by the commissionenf excise; and also on horsesy wagons, wains, and carts by the commf fioners of Jlarqps i ond for the amendment of several laws relating t the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise), Concerning the exportation of glass.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the duty of excise, now chargeable and payable for or in respect of any materials or metal or other preparation! made use of in Great Britain, in the making of cast plate gwi, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at and after the rate of one pound one shilling and five pence half

every cwt. of penny per hundred weight for all cast plate glass which shall he roade^great mac*c n Great Britain, and which shall be squared into plates Britain of the a superficies not less than one thousand four hundred and eighty-five inches, and of a thickness according to their superficies, as herein after mentioned and described.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforefiid,

Of what pro That the thickness of all such cast plates of glass shall be as plorfi°nicjfown herein after is mentioned; that is to say. Ten twentieth partial - an at t^c jeaft jn thickness if the superficial conteot of

such plate shall be six thousand one hundred and forty fovea square inches, and upwards; nine twentieth parts of an inchat the least in thickness, if the superficial content of suchpute dial! be under six thousand one hundred and forty seven, and not less than five thousand two hundred and fifteen fqoate inches; eight twentieth parts of an inch at the least in thicknest, if the superficial content of such plate shall be under five thousand two hundred and fifteen, and not less than four thousand two hundred and eighty-two square inches; seven twentieth parts of an inch at the least in thickness, if the superficial content of such plate shall be under four thousand two hundred and eighty-two, and not less than three thousand three hundred and fifty square inches; six twentieth parts of an inch at the least in thickness, if the superficial content of such plate shall be under three thousand three hundred and fifty, and not less than two thousand four hundred and seventeen square inches; and five twentieth parts of an inch at the least in thickness, if the superficial content shall be under two thousand four hundred and

In lieu of the present duty of excise, there shall be paid at the rate of il. is. id. iq. for

dimlntiohs herein described,

plate glass mu ft be iq thickness to }ts superficial contents.

seventeen, and not less than one thousand four hundred and eighty five square, inches.

.. VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

hrtentioti to That anc every maker and makers of cast plate glass shall, draw cast before he, (he, or they shall begin to draw any cast plate glass plate glass out out of his, her, or their annealing arch, give to the officer of of the anneal Cxcise, under whose survey such maker or makers shall then be, Ilf ento the X ours not, CC in'writing, within the limits of the chief office officer, cof excise in London, and twelve hours nqtiqe in writing in otl^r ........................... - places

aot

1787.] Anno Vicesimo septimo Georgii III C

places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention to draw my aft plate glass out of his, her, or their annealing arch; and such officer shall attend to see such cart plate glass drawn out of the annealing arch; and such maker or makers shall immediately, on any such cast plate glass being so drawn out of the annealing arch in the presence of such officer, proceed to square all such oft plate glass; and such cast plate glass, immedjately 00 the lame being so squared, shall, together with the cullett arising from the squaring thereof, be weighed in the pretence of such officer; and if any such maker or makers shall begin to draw from his, her, or their annealing arch, any such cast plate glass without giving such notice as is in that behalf hereinbefore directed to be given, he, (he, or they shall, for each and' every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds: provided al Penalty oa ways, That if any such maker or makers, having given any such nfg, ed* notice as aforesaid, shall not begin and proceed to draw out of such his, her, or their annealing arch all the cast plate glass by him, the her, or them then intended to be drawn out of such annealing annealing arch at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour arch within after such time, then such notice shall be void; and such maker one hour of or makers shall give the like and a fresh notice to such officer of the time when such cast plate glass is intended to be drawn notice, it it from such annealing arch. void.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any such maker or makers shall neglect or refuse to If glass be not square in the presence of such officer, any such cast plate glass Squared and immediately on the same being so drawn out of the annealing jjcfai? direct arch, or shall neglect or refuse to weigh any such cast plate glass e(j, the officer immediately on the same being squared, together with the cul to charge the let arising from the squaring thereof, in the presence of such duty thereon officer as aforesaid, such officer shall, in each and every such Tdffa case, charge such maker or makers with a duty of excise at and for every cwt! after the rate of one pound one shilling and five pence half of the mate penny for each and every hundred weight of the metal, materials; rials, and other preparations made use of in the making of such cast plate glass.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if at any time any plate or plates of cast plate glass, toge at which rate there with the cullett cut off in squaring such plate or plates, be is to make shall not weigh two thirds of the gross gauge weight which the the^mscrials materials or metal, or other preparations from whence the same crerycafe shall be produced, gauged in the founding or melting pot or where the pots, after the same was or were skimmed, the deficiency shall plates do not be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently conveyed away 5 and it shall and may be lawful to and for the officer, under ^jghtof whose survey such maker or makers shall be, to charge such such mate maker or makers for the quantity so being deficient with a duty rials, of excise at and after the rate of one pound one shilling and five pence halfpenny for every hundred weight of the metal, materials, and other preparations made use of in thp making of Such cast plate glaf§.

ibi

All cast plate glass not squared into plates, to be broken into small pieces, on penalty of 50i.

If cast plate glaft be removed before th duty is charged, the maker to forfeit 50i. and the glass.

An account to be kept by the maker of the watte of the materials in making thp sorts of glass herein enumerated, from

July i, 1787, till Jan. r, 178s, Ac.

Duties to be raised, Ac. as directed by any asti now

Anno ticefiiito septimo Georgii III C 28. [178

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th all and every maker and makers of cast plate glass shall ban into small pieces, to the fati&faction of the officer of excise upd whose survey such maker or makers shall be, immediately up being requeued foto do by fueft officer, all call plate and 1 cullett which shall not be squared into plates according tod directions of this act, so as to render such glass and cullett usl for any purpose but that of remelting; and if any such make or makers shall neglect or refuse foto do, he, (he, or they flu! for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pound

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tl no maker or makerfc of cast plate glass shall remove, carry, send away, or fuller to be removed, carried, or sent away fro the glasshouse in which the same shall be made, any cast pla glass by him, her, or them made, until the proper officer & have taken an account thereof, and the duty imposed for or respect thereof shall have been duly charged, upon pain of fa feiting the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and a such glass which shall be removed or sent away contrary tod directions of this act shall be forfeited, together with thepackaj containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any offic or officers of excise.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority afordai That every maker or manufacturer of any plate, flint, doaou stained, or paste glass, or of spread window glass, common called Broad Glass, or of window glass, (not being spread giafr whether flashed, or otherwise manufactured, commonly cal) Crown Glass or German Shut Glass, or of common bottles vessels made use of in chemical laboratories, or of garden glafl or any other vessel or vessels made of common bottle metal, lha from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundr and eighry seven, and until the first day of January which (h be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred 1 eighty eight, keep an exact and distinct account of the real wi of all materials, metal, or other preparations, which shall froi time to time arise or be incurred in the making or manufaa* ing any of the sorts of glass herein before enumerated; and th within six weeks after the first day of January one thoufii seven hundred and eighty eight, such maker or manufa&ui shall transmit a copy of such account to the comipiffionert excise in England and Scotland respectively; which account (h be verified upon oath by such maker or manufacturer, or ' or her chief workman or servant, before any one or more of said commissioners respectively, or before the collector or sup visor of excise of the collection or difirict in which such mat pr manufacturer shall reside.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefai That the several and respective duties by this act imposed (ha from time to tiope, be raised, received, levied, recovered, ai secured, by such ways and means, and under such managemed and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with fu$h power

t; .] Ahiio vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 29. 203

of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with in force con such other powers, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, cerning the ruses, and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, n as by any act or acts of parliament slow in force concerning theul8, C duties imposed for or in respect of the materials, metal, or other preparations knade use of in the making of glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing a drawback upon glass, is directed or pnescribed; and that the said act and acts, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, direc* tioos, matters, and things, therein contained, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the said duties To imposed, for or in respect of the materials or metal, or other preparations made use of in the making of glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing any drawback upon glass, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying, the duties upon cad plate glass by this act imposed, as fully and effectua 11y9 to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and re enacted in this act.

Xtv. And be Tt further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced agaiqft limuatioii any pcrlbn or persons for anything by him or theip done in °* actions, pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be hid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give General ifliie. this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demprrer or otherwise, th$k such defendant or defendants shall _ have treble cors awarded to him, her, or them, against such Treble costs. plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX

An 08 for obviating objections to the competency of witnesses in certain cases.

WHEREAS by diverse acts of parliament pecuniary penalties Preamble;

W inflicted for certain offences, or parts of such penalties, are directed to be applied for or to the use of the poor of the parishes

uwnshipsy or fllaces^ within which such offences were committed: end whereas, m diverse of such cases, the parishioners or inhabitants of [mb parishesy townships, or places, are not admissible witnesses to provt the perpetration of such offences within such parishes, townships, ir platesy by reason whereof it has been found difficult to bring offien dm to justice; be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual 'and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem*

Wed, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after From Aug. 1,

' f rooalp the 1787, the in'

204

habitant of any place to be a'competent wjtocfs to prove an offence, though the place may be benefited by the conviction of the offender.

nnlefs the penalty exceed sol.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 30, ['78^

the fir (I day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the inhabitants of every parish, township, or place, (ha be deemed and taken to be competent witnesses for the purpoi of proving the commission of any offence within the limits o such parish, tqwnship, or place, notwithstanding the penalt incurred by such offence, or any part thereof, is or may b given or applicable to the poor of such parish, town ship, o place, or otherwise, for the benefit or use, or in aid or exoneration of such parish, township, or place.

II Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aftkt said. That nothing in this a contained shall extend to an action or proceeding in which the penalty or penalties to be rc covered shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds

CAP. XXX

An act for laying additional duties upon licences to be talen out I persons dealing by retail in spirituous liquors.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.

From July 5, 1787, the following additional duties to be paid on licences for retailing spirituous liquors, viz.

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional duties jbsuu i paid by all persons who shall take out licences to deal by ret in spirituous liquors, we, your majesty's most dutiful and loya subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may b cnadtedj and be it enacted by the king's most excellent ms jedy, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritw and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affctd bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and aft the fifth day of July, one thpqfand seven hundred and eighty seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unt and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, th several and respective Turns following, for and upon all licena to be taken out annually, in manrier herein after mentipnec by all persons who shall retail any didilled spirituous liquors drong waters within Great Britain; that is to say.

si. 8s. if the Every person who shall retail any didilled spirituous liqooi

rent of the reor drong waters within Great Britain, shall (over and b !?[*» any licence or licences to which such pettfon was liab

& be nd r any

ijv. Un Cr at an immediately before the eleventh day of May, one thoi sand seven hundred and eighty seven) take out a licence, aa pay for the same the sum of two pounds and eight Shillings, the dwelling house in which such person shall reside, or rcu such didilled spirituous liquors or drong waters at the time taking out such licence, shall not, together with the office courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated, undi the authority of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reig of his present Majesty for imposing duties on inhabited house. at a rent of fifteen pounds per annum or upwards: at. 16s. if If such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, di »eidun* yards? gardens, therewith occupied, be rated a aforesaid

17i7] Anno vicesimo septimo gfeorgii III C 30.

at fifteen pounds per annum or upwards, and under twenty ponds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as dbrdaid, and pay for the same the sum of two pounds and six tteo Shillings:

If (bch dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, 3!* if the yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid j^mdcr* at twenty pounds per annum, or upwards, and under twenty-five pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of three pounds and four Shillings:

If such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, jl. ns. if ajl yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid and under jot at twenty-five pounds per annum, or upwards, and under thirty pounds, then such person or persons (halktake out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of three pounds and twelve Shillings:

If such dwelling house shall, together with he offices, courts, 4l. if 30i. and yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid un<icr 4ot at thirty pounds per annum, or upwards, and under forty pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of four pounds:

If such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, 4i. if 40u yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid and under jot at forty pounds per annum, or upwards, and under fifty pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as afore:

said, and pay for the same the sum of four pounds and eight Shillings:

And if such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, 4i. ids. ifjol courts, yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, be rated as orupwar(, i aforesaid at fifty pounds per annum, or upwards, then such per fbn or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the lame the sum of four pounds and sixteen Shillings.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every person who shall take out such licence as aforesaid, shall immediately pay down one eighth part of the money hereby directed to be paid for such licence foto be taken out as aforesaid, and shall, at the end of every six weeks, to be reckoned from the time of taking out such licence, pay down another eighth part of the money to be paid for such licence until the whole of the money hereby directed to be paid for such licence shall be paid.

HI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the said commifliohers of excise, or the major part of them for the time being, shall, from time to time, appoint for that purpose; and the said several and respective duties shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London \ but if any such licence shall be

taken

Mode of paying for licences.

Who are to grant licences, and to whom the duties for the same are to be paid.

o Anno vicesimo septimo georgii HI. C 30. [1787*

taken out in that part of Great Britain called England not within the said limits, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the fevera) collectors and supervisors of excise, within their respective collections and diftricis; and the said severs! and respective duties shall be paid for the same to the collector of excise within whose collection such licence shall be lo granu ed; and that in case any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the h?nds and seals of two or more of the commissiooere of excise in Scotland for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or the major part of them for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; and the several and reipective duties for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh \ or if any such licence shall be taken out in that part of Groat Britain called Scotland without the said limits of the city of edm burgh, then the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their respective collections and districts; and the feverel and respective duties for the same shall be paid to the colleger of excise within whose collection such licence shall be (b granted; and such respective commissioners of excise, or two or more of them respectively, and the persons foto be appointed bf them respectively, or the major part of them respectively, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are hereby respectivdy authorised and required to grant such licences to the perioot who shall apply for the same, upon payment of one eighth part of the money hereby directed to be paid for the same, in manner herein before directed.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid» Licences to That no person or persons shall retail any diddled spirituoos

be renewed liquors or strong waters, after the expiration of twelve months

yearly. from the tjmc Of taking out any such licence as aforesaid, unless such person or persons shall take out fresh licences, in the manner hereinbefore directed, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months from the time of taking out such former Persons re licence, and foin like manner from vear to year j and that if tailing fpiri any person or persons shall, after the said fifth day of July, one without! t^0u^ncj seven hundred and eighty seven, retail any difiibed cence, or not spirituous liquors or firong waters, without fird taking out such paying the licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner aforesaid $ for the or if default shall be made in payment of any sum or sums of felt 100? fr" money hereby directed to be paid for any such licence, the person or persons in that behalf offending shall, for every inch offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds: provided al one licence ways, That persons retailing didilled spirituous liquors or strong fuffiaent for Waters, in partnerthip in one house or (hop only, shall not be so^one^oufe. obnged to take out more than one such licence, in any one year, Licence not or retailing didilled spirituous liquors or strong waters; and to huthorize that no one licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this

the sale of a, shall authorise or empower any person or persons, to whom

liquors in any m u

] Ahfio vicesimo septimo georou III C 30.

me shall be granted, to retail distilled spirituous liquors g waters in any other place than the houses or places n he, (he, or they, did retail distilled spirituous liquors ng waters at the time of granting such licence., for the better colle fling, raising, levying, and feinting, its ij this act imposed upon licence: as aforesaid, be it further d by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said duties t charged upon such licences in England, Wales, or the of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management commissioners and officers of his majesty's revenue of in England for the time being; and such of the said duties charged upon such licences in Scotland, shall be under the jement of the commissioners and officers of excise in scot it Ac time being.

r And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, Kh, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, t in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign iggkrfcj the Second, (entitled, An act for taking away rt wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights, and purveyance, and for fettlingm revenue upon his Majesty thereof; ) or by any other law now in force relating to his ty'a revenues of excise, or inland duties under the ma mt of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled, Waved, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levy lohcfsing, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, ertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for tting, detesting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions efcribed by this act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, ig, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recoil, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully fednally, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every id powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penal forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particularly, ted and again enacted in this present act.

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act, be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, s, and methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or tie sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law its of excise, or by action of debt, plaint, or information, lyof his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the tofexchequcr in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety ery such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, tears and successors, and the other moiety to him or them Avail discover, inform, or sue for the same.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t all the money nrifing by the duties by this act imposed 1 licences as aforesaid (the necessary charges of raising and

accounting

207

other house than the one for which it wai granted.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland rcfpcc tively.

Powers of any acts now in force relating to the revenues of exdfe to extend to this act.

hovj penalties are to be recovered and divided.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to

208 Anno vicesimo feprimo Georgii III C 31. [1787.

the confoli accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time be dated fund, paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westmnfitr\ and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made part of the fund calied, The Consolidated Fund

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforelai^ Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against actions. any person or persons for anything by him or them done i pursuance of this acts, such ^dlion or suit shall be commeocei within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or do General issue. fendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pals for tig defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendant Treble costs. shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against. such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXI

An act for making allowances to the dealers in foreign wines for fie pek of certain foreign wines in their possession, at a certain tim, upon which the duties on importation have been paid; and see amending several laws relative to the revenue of excise.

Preamble. 'WHEREAS by an act made in this session of parliament, is »7 Geo. 3. tituled, An act for repealing the several duties of caaoou C 13, recited, and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and six applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; and For permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or mann fadture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt 5 the duties of excifcy and aether duties under the management of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, except as therein is exceptel, arercpim, and other duties are imposed in lieu thereof: and whereas the dntitt upon several species of foreign winey which were repealed by the Jell CL were considerably higher than the duties by that act imbejed k lieu thereof: and whereas it is expedient to make to the dealers dt foreign wine an allowance for such Portugal, Spanish, and Frcndt wines which Shall be in their flocks between the ninth and fifteenth days of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seveny and see which all the duties payable for or in respect thereof Shall be proved t lave been duly paid; be it therefore enacted by the king's atoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it

(fall

ijfyo Anno vicesimo septimo geotait tit. C 31. 209

(toll and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise Out of the ib England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them duties on so iwpedively, within the fimifs of the chief offices of excise in rfikn union and Edinburgh respectively, and for the collectors of ex [recited rise in any other part of Great Britain within their respeciive act, are robe tfolk&ions, to pay, out of the moneys in their hands arising paid to the front the duties of excise upon foreign wine, by the said a dealers in de in this session of parliament imposed, to any dealer or heir^ockbe aalers in foreign wine, for such Portugal Spanish, or French tween May9wine as shall be in the (lock of such dealer or dealers respec and is, the. tffdy, between the said ninth and fifteenth days of May, and sum follower which act she duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall in flx# be proved to have been paid, the several sums of money following; that is to say.

For every tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of French of French wine, having been imported into the port of London, wine important! which hall be foin (lock, forty-nine pounds and four CD into the n+nsm. port of Lon

pcuvc« | j

For every tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons p'494*of Portugal or Spanish wine, having been imported into the port ofport^jal or of London, and which shall be foin (lock, fourteen pounds nine Spnnilh wine

Shillings and ten pence: so imported.

For every tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two gal Ml**

of French wine, having been imported into any port of For every tonne Great Britain, except the port of London, and which shall be of.fr*nch fe m (lock, forty-eight pounds seventeen Shillings and three

other port

For every tonne containing two hundred and fifty two gal than London, tonne of Potngal or Spanish wine, having been imported into 481- 3<1,

iny port of Great Britain, except the port of London, and which f?£c*cry !on staff be fb in dock, twelve pounds eighteen Shillings and eight spfnift^win^ pence. _ so imported,

ill. is. 8d.

If. Provided always, That no such dealer or dealers shall No allow kave or be entitled to any such allowance, unless he, (he, or anccstobe theyshall apply for the same to the said commissioners of excise paid unlefo tdtadively, it such dealer or dealers shall respectively reside before July within the limits of the chief office of excise in London and Edin I7g7> C jir^respectivety, or to the respective collectors of excise within the collections or districts respectively in which such dealer or deedert respectively (hatl reside out of the said limits, before the fifdi day of Jufy one thoufaftd seven hundred and eighty seven, by a petition in writing, dating therein the amount of the allowance claimed by such dealer or dealers, and the several sorts and qtftfttmes of wine rdpedtivefy for or in respect whereof such aflotrance is chimed, and from whom the same was received, and that the fane is the foie and entire property of such dealer crdators; to Which petition shall be annexed an affidavit, made '

wdfribrn by one or more of the petitioners, before any two or more of the find commissioners of excise respectively, or before the

for unless a certificate be produced, that the duty of customs had been paid

Jfo dealer to

a io Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 31. fiy

the coredor of excise of the collediion or district wherein petitioner shall be resident, verifying the particulars and dated in such petition, (and they the said commission Colledlors of excise respectively arc hereby authorised powered to administer the oath herein directed); and ev son who shall be convicted of making or taking a false any of the fadis herein directed or required to be fwort be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be liable to the pa? penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and perjury.

ill. Provided also, That no such allowance as afore be made to any such dealer or dealers, unless, at the making such claim, he, (he, or they shall produce to commissioners of excise, or to the colledlors of excise, a cate under the hand of the proper officer of the customs, certificate the said officers are hereby directed to grant see or reward, certifying the duty of customs to have ' for such wine which certificate shall be made out in ft the like form and manner, and such affidavit (hau be. thereon, as are used and practised in order to obtain the back for wine shipped for exportation

IV And be it further enacted, That no such dealer or be entitled to foan be entitled to any such allowance until one mon' until a°mortth such b.c.. presented to the said commut

after applica collectors of excise respectively, nor unless the said com tion, nor un ers or collectors respectively shall be satisfied that all left his (lock for such wine have been fully paid; nor shall any such exceed a tonne. ance^macje to any such dealer or dealers whose flock foreign wine, between the said ninth and fifteenth days shall not exceed the quantity of one tonne, reckoning tww dred and fifty-two gallons to the tonne, and five repu bottles to a galion, for all such wine as shall be in but if the flock of such foreign wine of any such dealer or shall exceed two hundred and fifty-two galions, com aforesaid, the said allowance in such case shall be maj upon the excess of such foreign wine, after deducting two hundred and fifty-two gallons.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the allowances by this act directed shall be paid to the L entitled to the same by four equal payments; the second payments to be at the end of three months, the third th: the end of six months, and the fourth thereof at the end mouths, from the time of the first payments being made vided always, That in case any such foreign wines, for return of part of the duties may have been claimed in [ KS of this act, shall be entered and shipped for exportation, as for wine manner and within the time prefer!bed by law, such wine be entitled to such and the like drawbacks only, and no .as if the same had been imported after the tenth day of 7 thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, according at drawbacks are refpediyely ascertained and set forth in the

Allowances to be paid at four equal payments.

If Tuch wine be exported, the drawback '

imported after May 10, «7 87.

lyfty.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III CI 31. ail

doles and tables annexed to the said recited act parted in this prefcm fertion of parliament; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding,

VI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That if any officer or officers of excise shall at any time or times If any excels dlfcover or find that the quantity of French red wine, French j fud^in white wine, foreign red wine, (other than French red wine), or* dealer foreign white wine, (other than French white wine), in the flock js forfeited', of any dealer or dealers in foreign wine by retail, added to the and also dou quamity for which permits shall have been granted since the last Wc hs value. Account was taken bf such dock, and also to the quantity or quantities sold, sent out, or consumed in small quantities under three galions, since such last account was taken, and for which proper entries shall appear to be made in the book directed to be kept for entering therein such wine as shall be sold, contained, or sent out in small quantities under three galions, according to the directions of an acfc made in the twenty sixth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repealing certain fafies now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in Hen thereof to be collected under the management of the commissioners of excise, exceeds the stock left in hand on the taking ot such hft account, added to the quantity of such wine since received by permit, the quantity of wine so found in excess, by whatever liquor the same shall have been made, and whether the same (hah be mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by foreign wine for which no duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such dealer or dealers, without permit, and a quantity, equal to the quantity of wine so found in excess, shall be foifeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken by the officer or officers rf excise who shall discover the same, from and out of the said stock or stocks in which such quantity of wine shall be found iaexcess; and the person or persons in whose stock such quantity of wine so found in excess shall be discovered or sound,

shall also forfeit double the value of the quantity of wine so found in excess.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if the said commissioners or collectors of excise respectively Allowances shall not, from time to time, have sufficient moneys in their ma Pai<* bands respectively arising from the duties upon foreign wine, to excise duties pay the said allowances, then, and in every such case, it shall ifthofeon # and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners and col foreign wines ledors respectively to pay the same out of any other moneys in jb°uldbc their hands arising from the duties of excise, or any duties underufficient* the management of the commissioners of excise.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That within thirty days next after the master or purler, for that Within 30 voyage, of the ship or vessel wherein any French printed, stained, days after painted, or dyed callico, muslin, linen, fluff, fvrftian, velvet, vcflvlvring^Velveret, dimity, or other figured fluff, (other than such as shall \ng French be dyed throughout of one colour only), or French beer, ale, or cafiicoes,

p2 mum, «ntry of the

lit Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 31. [1787.

poods to be mom, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is imposed wade with by the said act, made in this session of parliament, shall be m of excise C Porlec* or brought >nto this kingdom, shall have or ought to on penalty of h*ve made a just and true entry or report, upon oath of the their being burden, contents, and lading of such ship or vefle!, in purftl

forfated. ance of the dircftioris of an act, made in the thirteenth and

fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Ab jcflyxs cvfomsy the proprietor or proprietors, importer or i porters, consignee or coniignees, of any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities, shall make due entry with the col icftor of excise in the port or place where the same shall be lb imported, of all such goods, wares, merchandise, and coramo* dities respectively on board of such ship or vessel, belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or coniignees, specifying in such entry the number of calks or other packages, with the particular numbers and marks of each of them, containing any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities; and shall then, and before the landing of any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities, satisfy and pay the duties of excise by the said act imposed for or in respect of such goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities refpeob ively; and shall also, within such thirty days, land all Ml goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respectively; and if such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or consignees, shall neglect or refuse to make due entiy, or to pay such duties, or to land such goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respectively, the same, together with the calks and packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

If goods are IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before an goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respecthdy, paid, they arc or or 'n wl*ereof any duty of excise is by the said a6,

forfeited, made in this session of parliament, imposed upon the importation thereof into Great Britain, which shall be unftitpped, landed, or delivered from or out of any ship, vessel, or boat, bcfait the duties by the said act imposed thereon respectively shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, Shall be forfeited and lost, together with the packages containing the same; and such goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respectively, and the packages containing the same, shall and may be seized by an? and the per officer or officers of excise; and if any person or personsfluh Ions aiding unship, land, or deliver, or cause or procure to be unihipped, cefvrrrg\<hem* anc or delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the unlhippng, forfeit treble landing, or delivering, from or out of any Slip, vessel, or boat, their value, any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities, before the said duties of excise by the said act imposed for or in respect thereof shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed, any such goods, wares, merchandise, or commodities so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or AMI receive into his, her,

or

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 31. 213

or their hand, cullodjf, or padeflioo, any such goods, ware, merchandise, or commodities, so unshipped, lauded, or deli void a aforesaid, he, (he, or they knowing the fain to have beta So unihipped, landed, or delivered a aforesaid, such pcr toa or perfoot, and each and every of them, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose treble the value of such goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities respectively, to; be cffimated according to the belt and highed rate and price which goods, wares, merchandise, and commodities reflectively of the hest quality of that kind shall sell for in London at the time when such forfeiture shall be incurred.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said commissioners of excise refpcdively, or the major comnuffion part of them respectively, shall provide proper framea to denote r of esse the measure of French printed, ftained, painted, or dyed calli frametto^e coes, mudint, linens, stuffs, fudians, velvets, velverets, dimi note the meatier, and other figured stuffs, which shall be imported into Great fureof French Britain directly nrom any of the European dominions of the calicoes, C French king, and for which the duties of excise, by the said at aiade in this session of parliament imposed for or in respect thereof, shall have been paid) and shall also provide proper Mo r Ramps for marking such callicoea, muffins, linens, duds, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured duffs; and shall cause the said frames, and deals or damps, re fpeffively, to be didributed to the respective officers of excise, w the several purposes herein after mentioned; and the said frames, and feaui or damps respectively, or any of them, shall or ay he altered or renewed from time to time, as the said rdpsdive cemmiflsoners, or the major part of them refpetflively, hall think, fit. '

XL And be k further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the bid respectivc officers shall, with one of such frames, Calicoes, C from time to time, frame mark at each end thereof, each and to j evsy piece of al) such calicoes, muffins, linens, duff's, fudians, nj

whets, velverets, dimities, and other figured duffs, which with a ft amp from rhyme to time, be imported as aforesaid, and for to denote the hkli the duties of excise, by the said al imposed in respect p»yent f tbthos, shall have been paid, to denote the measure thereof; the duty and'bail also, in like manner, with one of such damps or seals.

Amp or seal each and every piece of all such calicoes, muffins, fiaens, stuffs, fudians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other Spued duffs, to denote the payment of the duty of excise by the hid a imposed for or in respect thereof.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Thtt if any person or peefons whosoever shall counterfeit any Persons frau frame which shall be provided in pursuance of this act, or shall dulently ceunterfeit, forge, or referable the impression of the same upon any printed. Rained, painted, or dyed callico, muffin, linen, frames, C duff, fudian, velvet, velvcret, dimity, or other figured duff; to forfeit Of shall knowingly have in his, her, or their cudody or possess 10°l fen, any printed. Rained, painted, or dyed calucn, muffin,

p3 uh«*a

214 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 31. f 17s7.

linen, stuff, fustian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured fluff, having thereon the impression of a counterfeit frame, made to resemble the impression of any frame which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties by the said act made in this session of parliament imposed for or in respect of printed, stained, painted, of dyed ealliedes, muslins, linens, stuffs, fustians, velvets, vclverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, every person so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Persona frau That if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge soy duientiy stamp or seal to resemble any stamp or seal which shall be pro

ir vc or maen pursuance of this act, or shall counterfeit or

fuffe/death: resemble the impression of the same, upon any printed, stained, painted, or dyed callico, muffin, linen, fluff, fustian, velvet, velverer, dimity, or other figured fluff, with intent to defraud his majeay, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties by the said acfc made in this session of parliament imposed far or in re fpetft of printed, stained, painted, or dyed calicoes, muffins, linens, stuffs, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities, or ocher figured stuffs, every such person (o offending, and being tberarf convitted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony and shall fufter death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clerey.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefifid^ and personi That if any person or persons shall tell any callico, mttfiin, selling calli ]jnen, fluff, fustian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured

with counter fr or n ^0* whereof any duty of excise is by the ft it stamps, ad passed in this session of parliament imposed, with the impret* ftibjea to the fion of any such counterfeit (lamp or seal thereon, knowing the )ce punish same tq be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Mane "jesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties by the said act

imposed for or in respect of printed, stained, painted, or dyed calicoes, muslins, linens, stuffs, fustians, .velvets, velverets, dimities, or other figured stuffs, all and every fuel) offender and offenders, their aiders, abettors, and assistants, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XV And be it further etfaded by the authority aforesaid,

On oath of a Thar, upon oath made by any credible person or persons, that credible per he, (he, or they has or have re a (on to suspect or believe that houses of any Frenck printed, stained, painted, or dyed callico, muffin,

persons fuf linen, stuff, fustian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured petted to have stuff, for which any duty of excise by the said act, made in this in their pot session of parliament, imposed in respect thereof ought to have

cov*°n&c. un been s or b.c.. n custody or poffemon of any stamped, may draper or other person or persons trading or dealing therein, or be fearcied, of any person or persons for the use or account of such draper or other trader or dealer, for file, without having thereupon

such

2IJ

1787*] Anno vicesimo feprimo Georgii III C 3 r.

such mark or stamp, as is by this a required to denote the payment or charging of the duty by the said act, made in this session of parliament, imposed for or in respect thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise, or any two or more of then), within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or my two justices of the peace in any other part of the kingdom of Great Britain, from time to time to issue their respective warrants or orders, thereby authoring and requiring any officer or officers of excise (with the assistance of a constable, or other officer of the peace) in the daytime, to search for the same, and to open doors, trunks, chests, and packages, and to seize such goods, together with the packages containing the same, and to carry away the same, In order that the same may be lawfully condemned, and that every such warrant and order shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any printed, stained, painted, or dyed callico, muslin^linen, fluff, fustian, velvet, velveret, dimity, or other figured j"

fluff, which ought by this or any other alt or acts of parliament any place, now in force, to be marked or sealed with a stamp or Tea! to de except slipped note any of the duties by the said act, made in this session of fr «cporu parliament, repealed, or thereby imposed for or in respect there footed as by, to have been duly paid or charged, shall be found in any aif0 zooi* place whatsoever, except on board (nip for exportation, without being marked or sealed with a stamp or seat denoting that such duties have been duly paid or charged, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of cxcifc, and the person or persons in whose custody or possession the same shall be found .shall, for every such offence, forfeit the (urn of one hundred pounds

XVIL And tubereas, for many years now last pajl, fptrits have bttn taken and ejlimated9 by the officers of excise, to be of the different degrees of flrength at which they have upon trial been denoted to be kj certain kind of hydrometers known by the name of and commonly tolled clarke's Hydrometers: and whereas it is expedient that the different degrees of Jhrength of fptrits Should be taken and ejlimatei if hydrometers of the most accurate conjlruflion9 and that proper ex ptrinents be made for that purpefe9 and that some provision Should be node for regulating the mode of estimating thefrength ofspirits9 until fotb experiments Shall have been made; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That, until the fifth day of April ooejhoufand seven hundred and eighty eight, all spirits ^llbe*3 shall be deemed and taken to be of the degree of strength at deemed of the which the find hydrometers, called clarke*s Hydrometer, shall, strength de upon trial by any officer or officers of excise, denote any such 5°tc5* bt. (jam. to be.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no entry which shall be made by any chandler, or maker Entries of of candles, of any melting house, workhouse, warehouse, tore m*kers of hoose, (hop, room, or other place whatsoever, eithervfor the Adeemed fluking or keeping of candles, or for the melting or keeping any withdrawn P 4 wax, while any

216 Anno viccficno feptmjo fcporkhj III C 31. [ 17s7.

duty remains wax, tallow, or other materials.proper bp made into candles,

unpaid, cor of any coppeff kettle, pot, furnace, or other vessel or uteitfii whatsoever, for the melting of wait, jtallow, or other materials, to be made into candles, or of any mould or moulds, or other utcndl whatsoever, for the making of candles, hall be deemed or taken to be withdrawn, whilst any duty shall be depending and unpaid by such chandler or maker of candles; or any cop? per, furnace, or other utensil, shall be (landing in any such melting house, workhouse, warehouse, (lorehouse, (hop, room, pr other place.

XIX And be it further ena£ied by the authority aforesaid. Makers of That every maker of soap, shall, when and as often as hail soap to weigh thereunto requested by any officer or officers of excise under for making w^ole survey such maker of soap shall he, before he or she (hah the same be charge his or her copper or boiler with any materials for oaak* fore the offi ing of soap, weigh, in the presence of such officer or officers, all cer, CC on the rosin, tallow, grease, or other materials (except lye) with penalty of which fgch maker of soap shall next charge Jbis or her copper

50*boiler; and all such rosin, tallow, grease, or other materials,

shall be put into the copper or boiler, in the presence of tmk officer or offrcer$, upon pain of forfeiting, for every refufeter nealedl thereof, thexum of fifty pounds,

4 3. C XX And whereas by an act made in the twenty-fourth year j

XI reeked, his present Ataiefiy's reign entitled An act for laying addition!

duties upon all candles, (except wax and (ptrmaeeti Canute), and for more cffc&ually fccusing the duties upon candles; k yoas eoaflfd9 That oil and every the officers efexdfe jhrnund times by day or by night be permuted upon His cr their reyuefl* U enter into the house melting house yjarebmft* er aether place wtuu foevtr* belonging to or used by any person er per font who after Ae first day of August onethousandfeyen hundred and eighty four*fimd be a wafer or makers of any candles whatsoever and by weighing er tale of the candles, or otherwise as to such officer jbeuu fern met proper and convenient to take an account of the candles which fhum have been made by such maker er makers of candles from timett time, in like manner as such officers might then do in the day tonne: and whereas the said recited clause has in same measure been seed inconvenient to the makers of candles be it therefore enacted by the Officers not authority aforesaid, That it shall not he lawful for any of the to enter the officers of excise, upon request, (between the hours of eleven t candle makers ad five in the morning, without the presence of acaufta

trom u at hie, or other officer of the peace), to enter into the boat, night to 5 In melting house, warehouse, or other place whatsoever, belonging the morning to, or used by, any maker or makers of any candles, unie&aoy peace'officer maeror makers of candles frail have any court er

except in the making of candles unfinished, or in operation, or (halibut in fiances any legal notice depending of his, her, or their intention to herein men make any course or m?king of candles between the hours of tioned. eleven an*j five as aforesaid, or shall have made any preparation for making any course or making of candles; in each and evrry of yvhkh cases, all and every the officers of exeife frail, stall

tiffitfj

217

1^7*] Anno vicesimo septimo gporon III C 31.

lines, by night, be permitted, upon his or their requdt, to en m into die house, melting house, warehouse, or other place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by, any maker or makers of cudles, and by weighing or tale of the candles, or otherwise, as to inch officer shall seem most proper and convenient, to take an account of the candles which shall have been made by such anker or makers of candles, from time to time, in like manner sotfbch officers may now do in the doy time.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all and every maker and makers of candles shall, at his, Candle make kr, and their own expense, find, provide and affix good and finings to /uffider.t fastenings to all and every furnace, copper, pan, or theirfitniacc*, other utensil, by him, her, or them ufedrfor the melting of wax, C ijpermaceti, allow, or ocher materials proper to be made into candles, such fastenings to be approved of, in writing, by and under the hands of the relpcdive surveyors or supervisors of ex xtfitof thcdjrifion or district in which such maker or makers foali reside; and also covers, with proper fastenings, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every dipping mould, which any such maker or makers shall have if) his, her, or their custody or pof fcffieo; and each and every such copper, pan, or other utensil, to be locked (hah be fecureiy looked, fattened, or sealed, by the officers of by the officer, exsifa under orhofe survey such maker or makers rcfpcdhvely Jkatf, from time to time, be, as soon as any melting of wax,

(ptiqiicni, tallow, or other materials proper to be made into candies, shall be finished; and every such dipping mould, with itecover thereunto affixed, shall, in like manner, be fecureiy locked, fattened, or sealed, by such officers, as soon as the dipping of any court or making of candles shall be finuhed; and such maker or makers shall, in like manner, at his, her, and and to provide their own expense, provide a proper, convenient, and secure*Place room, place, chest or chests, with good and sufficient fastenings, thci^o«uup to be approved of and provided as aforesaid, affixed thereto, for by the officer, tfopurpose of locking up and securing all moulds which may be oude use of in the making of mould candles, in the custody or pofieflion of any such maker or makers; and such moulds dull be locked up, sealed, and feeured, by such officer, in such seoes, place, chest or chests, when and so soon as the same shall eerie to be tried $ and when any such maker or makers (half be Notice to be mrous^o liaht fire under any such copper, pan, or utensil, or ?f the

to have the furnace dopr thereof opened, or to have any such light copper copper, fan, utensil, or dipping*mould opened, or to use any fires, C to faefi moulde proper to be made use of in the making of mould the officer, sandier, such maker or makers shall give to the officer of excise, ttofarwhofe survey he, (he, or they shall then be, six hours notice, to writing, if such maker or makers shall regde within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, twelve hours notice, in writing, if he, (he, or they shall reside in any market sawn in any other part of Great Britain, and twenty-four hours police, in writing, if he, (he, or they thall reside in any other fan of Groat Britain out of a market town, of his, her, or their

' 1'ivv

2l8

Anno vicesimo feprimo Georgii III C 31. [1

so being desirous to light fire under any such copper, pa utensil, or to have the furnace door thereof opened, or tmi any such copper, pan, utensil, or dipping mould opened! use any such moulds proper to be made use of in the aiakl

who is to at mould candles; and upon such notice being given, such tend at the shall attend at the time mentioned in such notice, for th

time raen p0fe specified in such notice, and shall unlock and open a]

the^fire be* doors, coppers, pans, or other utensils, as the case may rd not lighted and if any such maker or makers shall nege& or refuse

within an (ire under any such copper, pan, or utensil, within om

kour her after the doors thereof shall be opened by such officer, C

cwne^freflf ncg*e<^ or refuse to proceed to make use of any such C notice to be pan, utensil, dipping mould, or other mould, within oa

shall be void, and such officer shall again, immediately ai expiration of such hour, lock up, falien, and leal each ant such door, copper, pan, or other utensil and dipping 4 with the covers thereunto affixed, and shall in like manm up, seal, and secure, such other moulds, in manner asia and such maker and makers shall give the like and a fresh

If sufficient in writing to such officer; and if any such maker or mai fattening to can(jies (gall neglect or refuse, at his, her, or their own ex be^ot^r*0* to And, provide, or affix, good and sufficient fastenings to vided, or of every furnace, copper, pan, or other .utensil by him I fleers are ob them used for the melting of wax, (permaceti, tallow 01 ftru&ed in materials proper to be made into candles, or to find, pros ing^hem^c! axe Efficient wooden covers, to be approved of as aft the offender to every dipping mould which such maker or makers fha

their own expense, to provide a proper, convenient, and room, place, chess, or chests, with good and sufficient faftcc to be approved of. as aforesaid, affixed thereto, for the px of locking up and securing all moulds proper to be made.i in the making of mould candles, in the custody or poflefll any such maker or makers $ or to pay for any locks, kcji other necessary fastenings, which shall be provided by an] veyor or supervisor of excise''to the directions el act; or if any person or porfons shall refuse or hinder any 0 or officers of excise, or any person or persons by him or X employed in that behalf, from fixing such locks or fafteg in such manner as the said officers shall judge most cffe&u answer the purposes by this act intended; or in locking. Cm or securing the same; or shall open any such furnace, co pan, utensil, dipping mould, or door, after the same aiau J been locked, sealed, fattened, pr secured, as aforesaid, befell (ame shall have been unlocked and opened by the officer oj cife; or shall wilfully break or damage any such lock, fed fattening, every such maker or makers, or other person or; Ions, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the of one hundred pounds.

And be it further enacted by the authority afore

given. after the same shall be opened by such officer, then fuel

to forfeit in his, her, or their custody or possession; or, at his

inn I .1 r ________

vflj.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 31. 219

That if at any time there (lull be on the premiffs, in the cu If mould

My or poffdfion of any maker or makers of candles, any are 1 loc^fif Mould or moulds proper to be made use of for the purpose of slakertofor asking mould candles, not locked up^and secured as is in that feit tool, khik herein before directed, unless after due notice given as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, every such maker or makers shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII And whereas by an act, made in the twenty sixth year ef6 3* C

Ksfrejent Majesbfs reign, intituled, An act for better iecuring the 5t>rccited* dudes on (larch; and for preventing frauds on the said duties, it

was enofltd, That, from and after the end of three months after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty juy alljlarib not being stamped as by the said act is directed, and all hest forth exceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds in weight, end all ferapings of Jlarch which should be found in the possesston of anyftarch maker, or of any other person for the use of such maker or dealer, or that should be found removing or removed by land or by water, fbouid be forfeited, and might be seized by any officer for the jeid duties, together with the chef, cask, Jack, or other package contesting the same, and the boat or vessel, horses or other cattle, wag jm, cart, or other carriage, made use of in removing the same: and whereas it was intended that allforth not being fanned as be the said Mis directed, and all loose ftartb exceeding the quantity of twenty ngbt pounds weight, and all ferapings of ftartb which Should be found.

in tie peffejjion of any dealer in ftartb, fbouid be forfeited; be it cn grec u&cd by the authority aforesaid. That all (larch dot being able to the tomped as by the said act is directed, and all loose (larch ex recited act, aeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, and all loose arch fcraphigs of (larch which shall be found in the possession of any tgl^amf torch maker or dealer in (larch, or of any other person for the (craping of use of such maker or dealer, or that shall be found removing or jlarch found removed by land or by water, shall be forfeited, together with jj1 thepoflef thechest, calk, sack, or other package containing the same, and dealer, or Ibe boat or vedel, horses or other cattle, wagon, cart, or other removing, to carriage, made use of in the removal thereof, and shall and may be forfeited, be fared by any officer or officers of excise.

XXIV And whereas by an act made in the twenty sixth year of s6 Geo. 3. C tit reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating 4°» rccilcd» the production of manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practises in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and

in the clandestine relanding of goods, it was provided, that beer cxparted fbouid be subject to certain regulations and restrictions in the recited act contained: and whereas it is expedient to provide that hue exported Shall be no longer subject to the provijions oj the said act and te be it therefore enacted, That none of the powers, provifkms, lationstherein and regulations, contained in the said act, shall extend, or be not to extend deemed or construed to.extend, to the exportation of beer, butto**cll that beer shall and may be exported according to the laws which 5?awback«,

me in force at and immediately before the time of passing the con which, said act; and that all drawbacks and bounties which would have as would have heat due or payable for or in respect of any beer which has been>ccn duc

exported^paid.'

^

220

Officers of the excise may adiqinifterthc neccfiary oaths on the exportation of goods entitled to drawbacks or bounties.

The powers

in force on passing 14 Gto. C 38, to extend to the securing the duties thereby repealed;

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 31. [1787. exported to foreign parts since the first day of August one tboi» sand seven hundred and eighty*cx, if the said act had not ban made, shall and may he paid and allowed in the same manat as the same would have been payable or allowable if the act had not been made; anything in the said act contained to dm contrary thereof notwitlmanding.

XXV And whereas by the said for regulating the

of manifefis, ter tun taibs are required to be taken by ptrfmerdp

export to foreign parts from Great Britain any goods wboteue % which art intitltd either to drawback or bounty upon exportation: at

whereas no power is given by the said ail to the collegers teeth officers of excise, in cases where any goods intended to drawback or bounty are subject to any duty of, or tinder the management of the said excift fc

to odminifiettbo said oaths required to be taken by the feud

is expedient that fitch powerflsould be given', be it therefore Mphi

by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any goqdsifc tended to be exported upon drawback or bounty shall be fefcrt to any duty of excise, or other duty under the managensnuf the cotrwniffioners of excise rcfpedivdy, the relpc&ivcoad* required by the said act to be taken upon the exportation ifamt of, shall and may be taken before the refpeaive eollcdob^er other officers of excise, appointed for that purpose, who is Mi are hereby authorised to administer the same.

XXVI And be it further declared and enacted. That alllli powers, authorities, methods, rules, dirpdions, regulations, pp

n.ahies, forfeitures, provisions, claufee, matters and tbism which in and by an act made in the tenth year of the reign at his late majesty King George the fira, entitled.

pealing certain duties therein men, payable upon too,

coconuts, chocolate, and tocoa p, imported', and for groan,

certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting tbo import (ion of chocolate ready mode, and cocoa; and far hotter afeatn* ing tie duties payable upon coffee, and tocoa imported', at

for granting relief to Robert Dalzell, late earl of Camwath; <* any other act or acts of parliament relating to the duties upas coffee or coconuts in force at the time of the passing ofsaaft made in the twentyrfourth year of his prafcnt majesty's aeigb, intituled, An act for repealing the several duties granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and eifo fitted duties on inhabited houses; and upon tbo importation of seta not pad coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise an

Contained, provided, settled, or establilbed, for managing, dn (efsing, rafsing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mki» gating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the duties thereby ua posed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishingfraudsrdstfag thereto, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, in fullfowt, to all intents and purposes, for the managing, assessing, raifisq levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, a taining, enforcing, or securing the said duties thereby repaid, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relating

(hereto s

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo georou Ilf. C 31., 221

thereto; and the same powers, authorities, methods, rules, di and also to regions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, tvc duties natters, and things, shall be and continue in full force, and be Of excise im driy observed, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, pofcd in the throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, in and for the ma prefeot session

3ing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, ad ondcoc2a nuti png, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and recuring, the** 00 find farcral duties of excise by the said act made in this leflion ef parliament imposed for or in respect of coconuts and coffee refpedivdy, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds rating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and pur fries, as if the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, di rtdioqs, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, natters, and things, had been expressly infer ted and re enacted in the said list mentioned act, or in this act.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Every barrel bid, That every barrel of French beer, ale, or mum, which shall j^r<^h.m he imported into Great Britain directly from any of the Euro ported, Cto be ri dominions of the French king, shall be deemed and taken deemed to tv be thirty-six gallons English beer measure, within the mean contain 36 iagof the said act made in this session of parliament. gallons.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Rum of the said, That all rum or spirits of the growth, produce, and ma British plan flnfadure of the British fagar plantations in America, which, C ^me^ca1 Ae tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty warehoused ftvea, shall be in any warehouse or warehouses in which the on May to, lame shall have been put, fabjed and according to the rules, 1787, maybe regulations, restrictions, and provisions contained and provided ^*2ent ri? in an act of parliament, made in the fifteenth year of the reign the duty im of his late majesty King George the Second, concerning the posed tnefedd boding of rum or spirits of the British fagar plantations before this prefeot payment of the duties of excise, and lodging the same in ware fcfla°n» kwfes, and which shall from and after the said tenth day of be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses respec thrfy, shall not be fubied or liable to any higher duty of excise than the duty of excite upon rum, spirits, or aqua vitae of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, imposed by the said act made in this session of parliament, of the same degree of fitngth as such rym or spirits which shall be so delivered out of seek warehouse or warehouses respectively, nor shall anything ivaefeid ad, made in this session of parliament, extend, or hi deemed or construed to extend, to repeal any of the said mbs, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, but the same shall faeand remain in soil force.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Thai in lieu and instead of the duty of excise, at and after the n raze of twenty pounds and fourteen Shillings for every one hun o^noitcnu (m pounds of the true and real value of every sort or kind of merated pa pvpcr which shall be made in Great Britain, ana not enumerated per by7geo. and described in the five tables of the schedule marked (F.), 3- C3» annexed to an act, made in this session of parliament, entitled, a An

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 31. [iflp

An act for repealing the several duties of customs and exeife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said fattest together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, she produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the french dingy into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed momma remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, tfc there is to be the reduction of the national debt; and which is by the said paid asfol ipiposed, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and u wt eeflbrs*

Forevery sort, pot above the large ft size of the nearest of the same kind enumerated in the tables, the duty of the paper nearest above in size and value to such sort; and for every sort above the largest size of the nearest of the same kind and weight, a duty in pro

Sortion to its ze

For every fott or kincf of piper which shall be made in Great. Britain, not enumerated and described in the said tables, and not being above the largest size of the paper neatest of the same sort or kind enumerated in the said tables, the duty by thefiid imposed in respect of paper made in Great Britain whktl shall be nearest above in size and value to such, sort or kind of paper; and for every sort or kind of paper which shall be mads in Great Britain not particularly enumerated and described pt the said tables, and being above the largest size of the paper nearest of the same sort, kind, and weight enumerated intkr said tables, a duty in proportion to such size, estimated according to the duty imposed by the said a for or in refpcftuf p^per made in Great Britain nearest of the same sort, kind, and vught, and of the size nearest below such sort or kind; fa duties to be raised, levied, collected, and paid by such perfbtf and persons, and in such and the same manner as the dutiestf lieu whereof the same are hereby imposed..

Geo. 3. C XXX And whereas by an act, passed in the twenty sixth jeer ef 64, recited, his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to disconttnue, sort limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon lo wines and spirits, and upon worts, wah, and other liqoerf there used in the diilillation of spirits; and for granting to hit Majesty other duties in lieu thereof, it is, among other things, enabled, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousandfem hundred and eighty six, there fboutd be charged and paid to his Mb jefiy for and upon every gallon English wine measure of the capacity or content of each and every fill, including the head thereof, which should be ujed or employed for the making of low wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tills, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor modi or brewed from any sort or kind of British materials, or any rmxturt with the same, the yearly sum of one pound ten billings fierling; and for every gallon English wine measure of the capacity or content of each and every Jiill, including the bead thereof, which Should be ujtl or employed for making low wines or spirits from melajfes or fair, or any mixture therewith, the yearly sum of two pounds ten jhiumii fierling; and for every gallon English wine measure of the capacity or content of each and every still, including the bead thereof \ which Should be used or employed for making low wines or spirits from foreign ref used wine, or foreign cyder, or wa/b prepared from forego

materials.

21$

] Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 32.

h, (except melajfts and sugar), or any mixture therewith, the jxm of three sounds flirting: provided, that there be at the zt Beevfed, as the said act directs, with every wash still, or 'we fill, or spirit Jitll, of a content or capacity not left than one y the content or capacity of such wash flilt: and whereas it'\ by the said act, that two feverat flills, that is, a wash 'a lew wine flitlyshould have been ticenjed together by the said aore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That! be, at the same time, licensed with every wah still, vine still or spirit still, of a content or capacity not less .one fourth part of the content or capacity of such wah,

, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this all, bed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, or methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of torbyafiion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any y's courts of record at ivcflminster, or in the court of rin&vfiwrespectively; and that one moiety of every penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, or4iie for the lame,

L And be it further enacted by the authority afore t if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced my person or persons for anything by him or them pursuance.of this act, such action or suit shall be com within three months next after the thing done, and shall in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants such action or (bit may plead the general issue, and give and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had -; and if afterwards a verdidfc shall pass for the defend codams, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, neot shall be given against him, her, 'or them, upon ror otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such or plaintiffs.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore at this act shall commence and takeeffect, as to all such and things therein contained in respect whereof no commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and cly after the first day of June one thousand seven hun m.d.. eighty seven.

CAP. XXXII

for moling further proviftom in regard to such vejfeh as are uukrly described in an act made in the twenty-fourth year of reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual preven n 6f smuggling in this kingdom, and for extending the aid to other vejjils and boats not particularly deftribed therein \

for

With every wafii still there must be licensed a low wine or fpiric still, of not less than one fourth of iu contents.

How penalties are to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of adtiona.

General issue.

Treble costs.

Act to commence from June 1, 1737*

googtg

Preamble.

*4 Geo. 3. C 47» recited

224 Anno vitesimo septimo georgii III C 32. [17s

r 4^ A Carrier on in which wine or oil is it

for laying an additional duty ott foreign geneva itttporu taking iff the duty on ebony the growth of Africa import^this kingdom \ and for amending several lows relative to they ntte of customs

WHEREAS by an act made and passed in the tun year of the reign of his prefect Majesty, entitled, the more effectua) prevention of ftmiggling in this kii _ it it, amongst other things, enacted, That all veffelt bdonghgfl whole or in part, to any of his Majestfs jubjests, called 0 Luggers, Shallops, or yvherries, (of what built soever \ belonging as aforesaidi of any other defcripiiun, wbejel are clench work, unle/s they shall be square rigged, or fitted i with jlanding boltjprits, which bail be found witbtn the 1 djlance in the said act dejcribed, ball bo forfeited, together 1 the goods, if any, which Shall be laden theredn, and ah, tackle, and furniture: and whereas it is expedient that fut viftons should be made in regard to such vejffeu as an parties Jtribed in the before recited act, and that the said rented aft J extended to other vtffels not timing or Jolting under the i ' futb vtfftls and boats as, in the said before rented aft, larly mentioned and described; be it therefore enacted by moult excellent majesty, by and with the advied and the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tl parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fai from and after the first day of June on thooiand seven I and eight y seven* in case any cottar, logger, shallop, sloop, smack, or yawl, belonging in the whole or in par^l of hi Majesty's subjetfs, (hau be found within the limitti of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues i coasts thereof, having abowfprrt which (half exceed ini snore than two thirds of the length of such cutter, lop, wherry, sloop, smack, or yawl, from the forepart < stem to the act side of the stern post aloft (whether thall be a standing or a running bowsprit), every fbcht fogger shallop, wherry, sloop, smack, or yawl, with j guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, feited, and lhah and may be seized by any officer or < the custoras or excise.

IL And be it further enafied by the authority aforesaid! such" C owllcr or owner f every Ship or vessel belonging 1$ \

"said, shall paint, or cause or procure to be painted, opr

outside of the stern of every boat belonging to such ship 4 fel, the name of such ship or vessel, and the port or pin. which (he belongs, and the matter's name within gdeof j 1 8 transum, in white or yellow Roman letters, not less tbsftj inches in length, on a black ground, under the pain off fog every such boat, and such boat shall and may be f*any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

nf.

From June X 1787*any cutter, C

belonging to hit Majesty'$ subjectj,

found within four leagues of the coast, whose bowsprit exceeds two thirds of the vessel in length, to be forfeited.

Names of

vessels to be painted on their sterns, dec. on penalty of oei forfeited

1787 ] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 32* 225

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the owner or owners of any boat or boats not belonging Boats not hero any ship or vessel, shall and are hereby required to paint, or Jhavc

cause or procure to be painted upon the stern of every such boat, namei^ in white or yellow Roman letters, of two inches in length, on a C painted black ground, the name or names of the owner or owners of on their such boat or boats, and the port or place to which such boat be longs, under pain of forfeiting every such boat which shall be forfeited if found within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or sound wfthin within four leagues of the coasts thereof, without having the four leagues name or names of the owner or owners of such boat or boats of thecoaft. so painted as aforesaid, and such boat shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs of excise.

IV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, Ad not to ex or be conftroed to extend, to forfeit any cutter, lugger, (ballop, tc^, to ay wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, nor any vessel or boat whatever in Jcrvlce of hit the service of his majesty's navy, victualling, ordnance, customs, Majesty's excise, or pod office, nor any cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, navy, C (loop, smack, or yawl, nor any vessel whatever, the owner or

owners of which shall have a licence for navigating the same from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, agreeably to the rules regulations, and conditions of the said herein before recited act, with respect to certain vessel and boars therein mentioned, nor any lighters or barges used solely in rivers or inland navigations.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That If Teflds bav

in case any cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or ina licence yawl, or any ship, vessel, or boat whatever, for which there shall a^j.

have been obtained from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, belound out or the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being pur of the limits suant to this act, or the before recited act made in the said thereof, they twenty-fourth year of his present majesty's reign, a licence LI ay be seized, mi ting or confining the navigation or trade of such cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, or such ship, vessel,

or boat, to and from or within any particular port or ports, place or places, and such cutter, lugger, (ballop, wherry. Hoop, smack, or yawl, or such ship, vessel, or boat shall be found in arty port or place other than that to and from, or within which (he shall be so licensed to navigate or trade, such cutter, lugger,

(hallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, and such ship, vessel, or boat, shall and may be seized and prosecuted in the same manner as (he might be or would have been in case of no licence having been procured for her.

VI Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained unlefe it be shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any such cut made appear ter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, or any such riven thett^ ship, vessel, or boat, which shall be found in any port or place out by distress other than that to and from, or within the limits of which (he of weather, shall be so confined or limited to navigate or trade, in case it

shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners

is Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 32. £1787.

of the customs, that such cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, of such ship, vessel, or boat, was driven or forced thither, by unavoidable necessity or distress of weather.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Licencestobe That the matter or commander, or other person having or tak pmduced to jng tjjc charge, command, or care of any cutter, lugger, hal revcnuewho* P wherry, Hoop, smack, or yawl, or of any ship, vessel, or shall board boat, which by this actt, or the before recited a<tt made in the suchveflels twenty-fourth year of his present majesty's reign, is or arere within four qujrcci to be licensed as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby re coagftcother e <iu*rd to produce such licence to every officer or officers of the wife the vessel customs or excise, who shall board them within the limits of any maybefeized. port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coasts thereof, on the same being required by such officer or officers; and in case any such matter or commander, or other person having or taking the charge, command, or care of any such cutter, logger, (hallop, wherry, sloop, smack, or yawl, or any such ship, veflbl, or boat, shall not have such licence on board, or shall not produce such licence to any officer or officers of the customs or excise requiring the same, as before mentioned, or if the licence is produced to the officer of the customs or excise, without an endorsement thereon, that the proper security has been given to the collector of the port to which such cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, sloop, smack, or yawl, or such ship, vessel, or boat shall belong, it shall and may be lawful for such officer or officers to seize such cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, smack, or yawl, or such ship, vessel, or boat, and the same shall be forfeited.

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

vessels seized That all and every cutter, lugger, (hallop, wherry, (loop, smack, may be dif or yawl, and all and every ship, vessel, or boat, which shall be

erceable to C aec* by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall be disposed of,

recited act. and the produce thereof applied in such and the like manner,

and under such and the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, as vessels and boats forfeited by the said herein before recited act "are directed to be disposed of, and the produce thereof applied.

IX And whereas, by an act pajfcd in the seventeenth year of the s7geo»3.c.39; reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his

Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an a made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lien thereof; and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons, and bodies politic and corporate, having certain quantities of silver plate; it was, amongst other things, enactedy That there Should be raised, levied, colie ft ed, and paid unto and for the use cf his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties therein exprejjidy upon all glass imported and brought

m

4 IV

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 32227

into the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas, by another aff faffed in the twenty-fifth year of his aid present Majesty's reign entitled, An act to repeal the duties upon flasks in .which Florence and 15geo $. wine and oil is imported; to permit the importation of wines in C recited; final! calks for private use; to revive, continue, and amend To much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of his present majesty, as allows the exportation of certain quantities of wheats and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; for disallowing the drawback on the exportation of snuff; for.continuing the permission to land rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise; for reviving and continuing the premiums upon the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine, from East Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a bounty upon the exportation of silk gauzes, and a drawback upon the exportation of raw silk; the said recited ast was repealed, so far as the same related to charging duties upon the flasks only in which wine or oil, of the growth of the dominions of the great duke of Tuscany, should be imported: and whereas it is expedient that all fiasks, in which any wine or oil ball or may be import nothing

td, should be admitted to entry without payment of any subsidy, custom, another »&, or other duty whatever; be it therefore further enacted by the to extend to # authority afore Paid, That nothing in cither of the said recited the charging acts, or in any other act or acts of parliament contained, shall with any duty extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or impose any duty whichwineor whatever upon any flasks in which wine or oil shall or may be oilftiallbeim imported into Great Britain, from and after the first day of June ported after one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven Junc lb

X And whereas the officers of his Majesty's customs are now authorised, in cases where the contents of packages imported into this kingdom from foreign parts are not particularly described and set forth in be report of the mafier of the vessel, to open and examine such packages: and whereas it is expedient that the said officers should, in like manner, be authorised to examine, and, if necefjary, to bring to his Majesty's warehouse at the custom house for that purpose, any bale, taji, case, trunk, pareel, or other package whatever, reported for exportation for the purpose of examining the contents thereof \ in order as ouch as possible to prevent the fraudulent unfhipping or landing the same in this kingdom on the paffiage outwards of such veffiel from this kingdom; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the first day of June one thou From June I, sand seven hundred and eighty seven, where the mailer, or other Hhe perfen having or taking the charge or command of any ship or customs may vessel, shall report any bales, casks, cases, trunks, pareels, or open all bales, other packages whatever, for exportation, in the same ship or con board vessel, whether the contents of such bales, casks, cases, trunks,

pareels, or other packages whatever, shall be mentioned in such pa^gei for report or not, M shall and may be lawful for any officer or offi exportation cers of his majesty's customs to open such bales, casks, cases, hare been re irunks, pareels, or other packages whatever on board such ship ported, See.; or vessel so reported, and examine the contents thereof, or to bring them on shore to his majesty's warehouse for the port

where

but not to extend to vessels coming from Alia, Africa, or America.

ft6geo.3c.40,

recited.

and the manifests therein required shall, for ships within the limits of the ea(l India company's charters, be delivered to, and authenticated by the person who shall deliver the last dispatches; and For ships from China, by the company's chief supercargo there.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 32. [1787.

where such report is made, if it shall be necessary; such officer or officers shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified in so doing, and shall not be liable or subjecf to any action for damages, or other prosecution or suit whatever for the same: provided nevertheless, that this act shall not extend, or beconftrued to extend, to any ship or vessel coming or arriving from any port of Acts* Africa, or America.

XI And whereat by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of bit present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for regulating the production ot manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practises in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of goods; it was (amongst other things) enacted, That, from and afttr the times in the said at mentioned, to goods or commodities Should be imported or brought into Great Britain from any port or place whatsoever in parts beyond the seat, in enj ship or vessel whatever belonging, in the whole or in part, to his Majesty's fuhjests, unless the master, or other person having or tiling the charge or command of every such ship or vessel respectivtlj importing such goods, Should have on board a manifest or manifefu, or content or contents, in writing, ftgned by such master or other person, and 'containing the particulars in the said act mentioned; which foii manifejl was to be delivered to, and authenticated by, such person os therein is mentioned: and whereas the mode directed by the Jaii 08 for authenticating manifests is not applicable to the case of ships bringing goods from the East Indies and China; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That in respect to ships dispatched from any ports or places within the limits of the charters granted to the united company of merchants of Englsnd trading to the Ecjl Indies, the manifests and contents in the said recited a ct mentioned shall be delivered to, and authenticated by, the person who shall deliver the Uft dispatches for each ship respecvively bound for Great Britain, who is hereby required to be a servant of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, of not less than seven years Banding; and in respect to ships difpatcbed from any ports or places in China, such manifest or contents shall be delivered to, and authenticated by, the said united company's chief fupn cargo there, instead of the officers of the customs, or other persons in the said recited act mentioned; and the said manifests, and duplicates thereof respectively, shall be dealt with and used in like manner, and shall be of the like force and effect the manifests and duplicates in the said act mentioned; and in case of the want thereof, or not conforming to the tiles, regulations, and directions, relating thereto, in the said recited id contained, the offender or offenders shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as are provided in the said recited act respecting the manifests or contents directed to be delivered to, and authenticated by, the persons in the said act mentioned.

XII And whereas several foreign built ships or vejfeh have hen seized and condemned in the British West-india islands for illicit trade, and now lie there undisposed of, such ships or vejjeh not being

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III c.32. 229

jauable^ and there not being any law to authorise the disposal thereof in any other way; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners commission of his Majesty customs in England for the time being, or any cr8 of the cuf four or more of them (if they shall think fit) to diredfc the hull res^he^ull" of every ship or vessel which shall have been, or which may of any veflei hereafter be seized and condemned in any of the coionics, plan seized in tations, islands, or territories to his Majesty belonging in america or the west Indies, for any illicit trade or commerce, to be tj£8 n" broken up, and the materials thereof sold to the best advantage, broken up, and the produce of such sale shall be accounted for and applied and the roate by the coludlor and comptroller, or other principal officers ofria*8 f°w» the customs in whose custody such ship or ve(fel shall be lodged and secured, in like manner as the produce of ships or velfels seized and condemned in the said coionics, plantations, islands, or territories respectively, are now by law directed to be accounted for and applied.

XIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Thar, from and after the hrfl day of June one thousand seven From June t, hoodred and eighty seven, all goods which have been seized, 1787, all seized and are now in his majesty's warehouses, or which shall here after be seized, by any officer or officers of the customs, and fort they are condemned in his majesty's court of exchequer, or which shall delivered be delivered by writ of delivery iflfued by the said court, either from his ma a composition by licence, or on payment of the appraised eft warc*

on

value, or in any other way, or on any other terms whatever, provided the seizure of the same shall have been, or shall be, according to law, and the goods shall be capable of receiving a dear, distinguisliable, and legible stamp or impression or fear thereon, shall, before they are delivered from his majesty's warehouses in any of the ports of Great Britain, be damped or sealed in such manner as the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, or the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall respectively direct; and the said commissioners are hereby respectively authorised and required to cause damps or seals for that purpose to be provided; and if If any officer any officer of the customs, or other person having the charge or negledh to

custody of such warehouses respectively, shall wilfully negledfc or such

1 CL C 1 C u, t & a goods, or ac

omit to stamp or seal any such goods previous to their being de £eptg any fee

livered therefrom, or shall take any fee.or reward whatever as for damping

a confldcration for affixing such stamp or seal, such officer, or them, hefor

other person, shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred a?^and

pounds, to the use of his Majesty, and shall be rendered inca fjomferving

pable of serving his Majesty in any civil capacity whatever. his Majesty?

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons whatever shall at any time forge Personecounty counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counter terfeitmg, C feted, or shall be aiding or assisting in forging or counterfeiting, t

any stamp or seal, to referable any stamp or seal which shall be felony provided or used in pursuance of this act, or shall forge or coun

<^3 terfeit,

floods with counterfeit Stamps to be forfeited, and the persons in Whose custody they are found forfeit jool.

nauthorized 'bos hav ng stamps in jtheir custody, to forfeit 500l

commissioner of the customs may re 'ifcore goods,

- con being satisfied that he forfeiture rofc without ny design of fraud in the roprietor, on uch conditions as they may think mfonable.

If such condi ns are not Complied with, they y be con mned.

Anno viccfitno septimo gfeorgii iii.^c. 32. [1

terfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counter or shall be aiding or assisting in forging or counterfeits impression of any such (lamp or seal, all and every such 0! and offenders shall be deemed guilty of felony, and on thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without ben clergy; and if any person or persons whatever shall have i her, or their custody or possession, any goods having a co feit (lamp or seal thereon, knowing the same to be counter all such goods shall be forfeited, and all and every such[ [ persons shall respectively forfeit the sum of five hu pounds, one moiety thereof to be to the use of his Majestjfd the other moiety to the person who shall inform or sue raj same; and if any person or persons whatever, other tha person or persons who shall be authorised by the said co fioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectivet] that purpose, shall, by any means whatever, have in his, I their custody or possession, any (lamp or seal provided, said commissioners of the customs as aforesaid respectively*] the purposes aforesaid, whether such person or persons A shall not have made use of the same, shall forfeit five ha pounds, one moiety to be to the use of his Majesty, other moiety to the person who shall inform or sue for tl

XV And be it further enacted by the authority a That in case any goods or commodities whatever, or any ( vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, shall be seized 1 feited by virtue or in pursuance of any act or acts of parli relating to the revenue of customs, it shall and may be I for the commissioners of the customs in England, or any ft more of them, for the time being, and the commissioners C customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for tf being, on evidence given to their satisfaction that the so arose without any design or intention of fraud in the pr or proprietors of such goods or commodities, ships, boats, horses, cattle or carriages, to order the same to be 1 to such proprietor or proprietors, in such manner, and < terms and conditions, as under the circumstances of 1 shall appear to the said commissioners of the customs in j and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they (ha!

(it to direst; and if the said proprietor or proprietors shall < with the terms and conditions prescribed by such comtniffio in England and Scotland respectively, it shall not be lawft the officer or officers who shall seize such goods or coma ties, ships, vessels, boats, horses cattle, or carriages, or ar person or persons whatever, on his or their behalf, to | in any manner for the condemnation thereof; but if fii prietor or proprietors shall not comply with the terms and < ditiont prescribed by the said commissioners tefpeftivdy, I officer or officers shall be at liberty, and is tand are hen ' thorized to proceed for the condemnation of such commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or <

r 1

1787-] Anno ricesimo feptfmo georou III C ilis

this law had not been made; provided always. That if such proprietor or proprietors shall accept the terms and conditions prescribed by the said commissioners of the customs respectively, such proprietor or proprietors shall not have, or be entitled to any recompense or damage on account of the seizure or detention of such goods or commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carnages, or have or maintain any action whatever for the same; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not with (landing.

XVI And whereas by an act, paffid in this present session of par Moment, entitled, An ak for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other deities in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king into this kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, the duties imposed upon timber, flows, and other species of wood, in lieu of the former duties on those articles thereby repeated, are in many inflames increased: and whereas flooding contracts may have been made before the tenth day of May m thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, by the importers or pro frittors of timber, flaws, and other species of wood, for serving per fm therewith respectively, to be delivered, in point of time, after the said tenth day of May; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said tenth day of May, the importers or proprietors of such timber, (laves, and other species of wood, the duties on which have been by the said acl increased respectively, and which shall be delivered after the said tenth day of May, in pursuance of such contracts, shall be allowed to add to the prices respectively agreed for in such contracts so much as the duties charged by the said recited act respectively exceeded the duties payable upon such timber, Haves, and other species of wood, at and immediately before the said tenth day of May; and such importers or proprietors shall, by virtue of this act, be paid such sum as the duties so increased shall amount to.

XVII And whereas by the said act, passed in this present session if parliament, it is among other things enabled and declared. That the importers or proprietors of any cambricks or French lawns, which, before the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and tigity seven, Shall have been imported into Great Britain for exportation from any port or place in the European dominions of though French king, and lodged according to law in a warehouse belonging to his Majesty, or which hall, on or before the tenth day of May ont thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be lawfully so imported into Great Britain for that purpoje, ball, after the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be at liberty to take and revive the same into their own custody and possesslm, either for fate and ftfmption in this kingdom or otherwise, futb importers or proprietors

Proprietors accepting such conditions, not entitled to any recompense on account of seizure.

1 geo.j.ci*. recited.

From May io 1787, the difference between the duties on wood before and after that day, may be added to the price of wood contracted for before, but not delivered till after that day.

232 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 32. [1787.

first making a regular entry of all such cambricks or French lawns with the proper officer of the customs, and paying such duty for the same as cambricks or French lawns imported after the tenth day of French cam May one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, are by the fou portedlfor mae subject an liable to: and whereas it is just that the duty

exportation, pql^ or to be paid down according to law on wan hoofing such cam before May bricks or French lawns, Shall be taken and deemed to be in part of the io, 1787, may duty imposed by the said act; be it therefore enacted by the autho ofhisma^ r^y aforesaid, That the importers or proprietors of such cam fty's ware*or French lawns shall, on taking the same out of such houses, on warehouse, in pursuance of the said all, pay so much money, payment of and no more, by way of duty, as, together with the sum paid betwecnth^* own or to be down as aforesaid on lodging the lame in sum paid on warehouse, shall refpelfcively amount to the duty imposed

their being by the said act upon cambricks and French lawns imported rc warehoused fpeltively into Great Britain in pursuance of the said act, after tie a ?mc dfed tcnlb, day f May one thousand seven hundred and eighty by v*g«o*seven; anything in the said act contained t q the contrary not CLI I withstanding.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and such cam That if any cambricks or French lawns shall have been imported bricks not into Great Britain on or before the tenth day of May one thou ware^oufed and even hundred and eighty seven, for exportation as afore may be deli said, but which shall not have been lodged as aforesaid in a vered to the warehouse for that purpose on the said tenth day of May the proprietors, importers or proprietors thereof shall have the same delivered to rneebtryinak" them either for sale and consumption in this kingdom or other thereof, and wife, upon making a regular entry thereof with the proper offi* paying the cer of the customs, and paying such duty for the same as cam aid duties, bricks or French lawns imported after the said tenth day of May

are by the said all made subject and liable to respectively.

XIX And whereas diverse persons may have incurred penalties Jot offences committed against the laws now in forte, prohibiting the im» poriation of cambricks or French lawns into this kingdom otherwifi than by licence and for exportation, and prohibiting the wear or use thereof in this kingdom, by reason of such persons having bad the same in their tujiody or possessm for sale or otherwise; it there

Ho persons, fore enalled by the authority aforesaid. That no person or per except those fons whatever (other than such as are now under prosecution unc!cr pj°f** for the same) shall be prosecuted by bill, plaint, information, oath prosecuted action of debt, for any penalty or penalties incurred on or be for having had fore the tenth day of Mav one thousand seven hundred and in their pof eighty seven, on account of having had in their custody or pof session French fe|flon for sale or otherwise any such cambricks or French lawns, sale, prior to but that a such penalties shall be wholly pardoned and re 1 May 10, 1787. leased; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not with I Handing.'' f'f '

XX And whereas by the said last before recited act it is among other things enacted, bat, from and after the tenth day sfmay one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, all and singular the jubjidies, customs, impofitiensj or duties whatever (respecting the revenue of

cujlmt)

il iiiiu mis &iuguuui) ui wuiv.il ciimca nave rcauceu oy

all be charged with, and shall be subject and7gep. respectively imposed by the said recited act,

17j7j Anno vicesimo feptirao Georgii III C 31,33

) and all and singular the duties of excifey payable to hit Mar jejiy, his heirs and successirs, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force, upon the importation of any goods, wares y or merchandise into Great Britain, J, hall cease and determine, save and except at therein is excepted; and that in lieu and instead thereof from and lifter the tenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty fevetiy there shall be raifedy levied, colleftedy and paid, unto his Majesty> his heirs and Jucceffbrs, upon the importation of any goods, wares, or merchandise into the kingdom of Great Britain, from parts beyond the seat, the several duties of customs and excise, as the same are respectively infer ted, defer ibed, and Jet forth in certain febe dules and tables to the said act annexed: and whereas it is expedient that all good, wares, or merchandizey on which the duties imposed by the said act are reduced lower than those repealedy and which have been imported or brought into this kingdomy but of which entries have nn been maiiy or which shall or may be imported or brought into this goo<j8 kingdomy on or before the said tenth day of May one thousand seven of which no hundred and eighty seveny Should be charged with the duties imposed entries bare hj the said act and no other; be it therefore enacted by the au been made, thority aforesaid, That all goods, wares, or merchandise, on duties" 0* which the duties have been so reduced, and which have been have been imported or brought into this kingdom, of which entries have reduced by

not been made, shall

liable to the duties

and no other. ties only.

XXL And whereas by the said last before recited act made and faffed in this present session of parliamenty certain duties of customs are imposed upon coals, culm, and cinders, brought coajtxytfe within the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas doubts may arise con (truing the true intent and meaning of the words inserted in the j'che hie marked (A) annexed to the said recited afty as far as the same may relate to the duties to be charged on coahy culm, or ctndersy ^. brought or carried coajlwife, or from port to port in Great Britain 5 imposed by be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fe the said act on ycral and respective duties of customs, imposed by the said act coals, C upon coals, culm, and cinders brought coastwise within Great utbe*" Britain, shall be charged and paid upon all coals, culm, and barged ooall cinders respectively, which shall be shipped or waterborne in coals which in order to be shipped or laid on board any ship or vessel to be shall be car carried by lea, and which shall be carried by sea in any ship or by sea vdftl from any port or placd within the kingdom of Great Britain, amtlandedtiii snd which shall be imported, brought or landed in any other port another in or place within the said kingdom of Great Britain, save and ex Great Britain, cept in Inch case where special provision is particularly and ex "[here pressly made to the contrary in the said recited act, or in the prorided^n icheduie or tables annexed thereto. the said act.

XXII And whereas by the said act passed in this present session of farhamenty it is among other things directed, That the duties on cods shall be paid in ready money, without liberty to bond the same: and whereas it is expedient to permit the duties payable upon coals brought coafhmfcy or from any port or placey to any other port or place mbiu tbts kingdom, to b( feared by bond; be it therefore further

'' ' g'oogl'*na<aed,

*34 Anno vlcefinlo septimo georgii III C 31. [17s;

Duties on enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybei coals brought lawful for the importer or proprietor, or for the known ago be fccurcd^b^ r orlemporter or proprietor of any coals which Sufl bond*y be brought coastwise, or from any port or place, to any 0tber9port or place within Great Britain, to secure such duties by bond, which bond shall be given to his Majesty, his heirs successors, in a penalty equal to double the amount of such d; ties, by such importer or proprietor, or such known agent sr' factor, together with the master or other person having or tik» ing the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which lock coals shall have been brought coastwise, or from any port place to any other port or place within Great Britain, with coo dition that such importer or proprietor, or such known agent factor, shall well and truly pay or cause to be paid to the use of his Majesty, within sixteen days from the day of the date of foci bond, to the collector of the duties upon coals, in the port, member or creek in this kingdom, to which such coals (bafl have been brought coastwise, or from any other port or place, the full sum which shall be due and payable for the coals delivered out of such ship or vessel.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority lfore&id, That in case any importer or proprietor of any coals brought coastwise, or from any port or place to any other port or place within Great Britain, or any agent of or factor for such importer or proprietor, who shall have entered into bond as tfottbh grous of being shall be desirous of becoming security for the duties oa Mf before ot^cr ergo of coals, during the time such bond shall rattfl bond be dif undischarged, it shall be lawful for the said collector of the d ties on coals to refuse such importer or proprietor, or such agtft or factor, to be again security for any of the said duties paym upon coals, until such importer or proprietor, or such agent or: factor shall, together with three sufficient securities, to be if proved of by such collector, have given bond to such collect - the use or his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the pew paminttf16 um our t*lou^an^ pounds, with condition that such importer duties. or proprietor, or such factor or agent shall, from time to time.

well and truly pay or cause to be paid to the said collector till such sum or Turns of money as are or shall be due and payabb by law for the duties on any coals delivered out of any ship or vessel, and for the payment of which duties such importer or proprietor of such agent or factor, fyall Jiave entered ipto hood as aforesaid.

but If a person who has entered into such bond should be de

charged, he may be required, with three securities, to give bond in the penalty of

XXIV And whereat by the schedule marled (A) annexed it tit said act made and passed in this present session of parliament, brants of any country or place, is charged, on importation, with duty at aim pence per galion; and geneva is charge, on importation, with duty five pence per galion: and whereas it is expedient that gentvojhu pay the like duty of nine pence per galion, and be allowed a iretwboa Duty on im accordingly, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, gcncva°to be That lhe duties to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, upon 9d. per galion, geneva, by virtue and in pursuance of the said act, shall be after and drawback the rate of nine pence per gallon } and such gcpc?a shall, pa

)ogle PF*.

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo georgii lit C 33.'

exportation, be allowed a drawback of eight pence per galion; on export anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ou 8<*.

axv. And whereas a certain species of wood, called Ebony, being the growth of Africa, is become very useful and netessary to cabinet makers and other artificers in this kingdom, and it would tend to the improvement of the manufactures thereof if liberty was given to im» sort the same into this kingdom from Africa dutyfree; be it therefore farther enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and From June i, after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and x7*7* ebony eighty seven, it shall and may be lawful for any person or per fa^red^may Ions to import into this kingdom directly from any part of Africa be imported J mfln/i^ builtveflfels, owned, navigated, and registered accord from Africa mg to law, wood called Ebony being the growth and product duty free, of Africa, provided the same shall be manufactured, without paying any (ubfidy, custom, or duty whatever for the same; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty (even; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

*A00£00l. granted out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the current year. The treasury empowered to raise the lame or any part thereof, by low or exchequer bills, on the credit of the consolidated fund. All period who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a uby of ban, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. If it iafl be judged more adviseabte, the treasury may raise the said sum by acbeqoer bills instead of loans; the bills in such case to be made in the manner, prescribed by the malt act of this session, C 4. All advantages ad penalties in the said act of this session, relating to loans or exche coer dills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The uid exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of Motyoool. notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. 3c Marias, C ao. The (tan of 1, 116, 0711. xs. xxd. iq. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 17s7, forplus of sinking fund; 74, 101). 99. xod. for the disposition of parliament; io, oool. of army sayings, 1785, to be issued toward the (apply; 44>8o61. as. 7d. of army savings in 1785, and 1786, to be applied towards the extraordinary expenses of the land forces in 1786. Moneys arising by the malt aft, C 4. Land tax aft, C 5. Lottery aft. Loans, a, 500, 0001. ct 13; further loans, 1, 500, 0001. C a4; further bills, sjjoo^oool. C5; X ai, 07*l. as. xid. aq. remaining in the exchequer April 5, 1787, surplus of sinking fund; 74, 1011. 98. xod. for the disposition of parliament; io, oool. army savings 1785; and 1, 400, 000!. out of the consolidated fund; shall be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed, viz. a, a86pool. foi naval fcnices; 18, 000 (eamen (including 3, 860 marines), for victuals, wages, wear and tear, office of ordnance for sea service, ordinary of navy, half-pay to lea and marine officers, for maintaining 3, 860 marines, and towards buildings, rebuildings and repairs of ships for 1787; 318, 5761. 17s. jd, for the charges of the office of ordnance, for land service for 1787;

4*. ad. towards maintaining the land foroes, dec. for 1787, m. 648, 6871. is. aq. for defraying the charge of 17*638 effectivc men, aadapjo invalids, officers, Ac. in Great Britain, Ac. 134, 618!. 18s. 5d. for forces in the plantations, Ac. 6, 834!* 19s* ad. for difference between Brififfi and ixioa eflabliihments, Ac. 6, 409!. 8s. for pay of general and staff i,

Anno vicecmo septimo georgii III C 33. [1787;

officers, C 23, 110b m. 6d. for supernumerary officers, C 8, 230b yd. iq. for regiments serving in the East Indies; 59, 2531. 12s. id. to the pymaster general, secretary at war, C 171, 776!. ns. 6d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines; 213i. 78. 6d. for reduced officers, cof the horse guards; 55, 0911. ios. and 419071. zos. for reduced officers of British American foroes; 3*4*21. xxs. 8d. for officers late in the service of the states general; 171, 5151. 15s. xod. for Chelsea hofpiul; XI 8iib 88. 6d. for widows; 3, 153!. 11s. iq for difference between the British and Irish establishments for several battalions in 1786; 410, 3x11 17s. 4d. for extraordinary expenses of land foroes: 1, 500, 000b to discharge exchequer bills of 26 Geo. 3. C 31; 1, 000, 000!. more to difchirge exchequer bills of 26 Geo. 3. C 33; 3, 000, 000!. more for paying off exchequer bills, 26 Geo. 3. C 97; 12, 138s 16s. 4d. iq. issued in pursuance of add re flea of the house of commons; 15, 000!. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerset house; 5, 851b 17s. 6d. for the civil eta blifoment of Nova Scotia; 1, 900!. for the civil establishment of the iffiand of St. John in America; 4, 300b for the civil e(tab!ifoment of newbrusf wick: i, xool for the civil establishment of Cape Breton; 1, 181b tot. for Newfoundland; 2, 600b for the civil officers of East Florida; 580b for the salary of the chief justice of the Bermudas; 4, 380b for the civil establife mentoftbe Bahamas; 2, 877b ios. for the civil establifoment in New South Wales; 13, 000b for forts in Africa; 3, 000! to the British Mufcua; 9, 2341. for the roads of communication in North Britain j 5, 139!. 41- id. xq. to discharge bills drawn by the acting governor of the Bahamas, the lieutenant governor of St. John, the lieutenant governor of Ron Scotia, and the lieutenant governor of New Brunswick; i.ml.os.&b for money paid to T. Duridas and J. Pemberton, efors commissiooen for expenses going to America; 890b for money issued to Mr. James Mouatt, chief clerk to comtniffioners inquiring into fees, See. 457i. ios. 6d. for money paid to Richard Bradley, for value of goods bought to purchase the island of Le Main, in the river Gambia as a fettksse&t for cohvi£ts, C ixapool. to be paid to the offerers in America, for present relief; 13, 600b to the fiifferers in East Florida; tfiool for securing the harbour of Catwater, and Sutton Pool near Plymouth; 1, 500b to make good money issued to the secretary of the commissioners of public accounts; 700b to make good money issued to the secretary of commissioners for inquiring into Losses in East Florida; 2, 200b to make good money issued to the secretary to the tommif fioners for inquiring into the land revenues of the crown; 4.445b ifr xxd. to make good money issued to the secretary of the commissioners for American loyalists; 522b to David Jenkinfon, at compenfation for three first payments toward loan in 1784* forfeited to the public by omitting future payments, on account of illness; 2, 307b 9s. Vd. to Charles Pole, agent to Mafahod de la Mar, for damages by seizure and detention of the ship Herftelder, captain Kemp Janffen Kleyn, laden with merchandise on account of the emperor or Morocco; 18, 574b 13s. xod. 3q. for deficiency for annuities, 31 Geo. i. C2; 127, 796b 19s. 3d tq. for deficiency for annuities, 18 Geo. C»; 35, 039b 13s. aq. for deficiency for annuities, 19 Geo. 3. C 18; 784, 1341. 38. ad. aq. for deficiency fair annuities, 20 Geo. 3. C 16; 11, 135b 59. nd. 3q. for deficiency for annuities, 22 Geo. 3. C 8; 292, 448b 14s. yd. xq. for deficiency for annuities, 23 Geo. 3. C 35; 532, 652b is. 4d. for deficiency iot annuities, 242nd 25 Geo. 3. C 10, and 32; 233, 410b 6s. yd. iq. for deficiency of duties on tea, by 24 Geo. 3. C 38, and 25 gco. 3. C 74$ 240, 324b 19s. iod. j sths, for deficiency of grants for 1786. Supplies' riot' to be applied to any other uses than are directed by this act. Rules to be o&ferved in the application of 172, 776b ns. 6d. granted for half pay; no person under 16 years of age when regiments, C reduced, or notin adtiial service, or having other employment under the King, nor chaplain of any garrison, or having any ecclesiastical preferment, nor officer having refigried his commission, or had no commission, nor any other who would not have been otherwise entitled, as reduced officers, nor officers of 5 regiments of dragoons and 8 regiments of foot lately disbanded in Ireland (except w. thoic

*37

17*7] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 34.

those token off half pay establi foment of Great Britain) to have any part eftbe said 171, 7761. m. 6b. granted as aforesaid, by 16 Geo. 5. C 6s, a sin not exceeding 171, 666!. 10s. jd. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, for 1786 Overplus moneys, above fatipfying half pay officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, See. in the late van, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direlt.

CAP. XXXIV

An cb to emend an act, pojfed in the nineteenth year of the reign of bisfrefent Majesty, entitled, An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain fee-farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchise copyhold and customary tenements within their survey; and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said /, and to enable the said chancellor and council to discharge encumbrances offering the possessions of the said duchy.

WHEREAS by an afty passed in the nineteenth year of the Preamble, reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster to sell and 19 0, 3'c'4*'

dispose of certain fee-farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchise copyhold and customary tenants within their survey; and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the said duchy, it was (amongst other things) enabled, That it Should be law fid to and for the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster, for tie time beings to sell and dispose y and thereupon to grant and a jure, in the name of the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, under the fed of the said duchy, unto or to the use of the respective pur chaser thereof and to their heirs for ever, all and singular fee-farm rents, rttts service, rents seek or dry rentchantry rents, guild rents, and other rents due and payable to the king's majesty, as parcel of the pof fejetns of his said duchy, and then being within the survey and receipt if the said duchy, and the officers of the same, at and for such confi dtratiens in money as the said chancellor and council Should think fit, nothing less (ban after the rate of twenty-five years purchase of the pefsamount of any such rent or rents: and it was thereby also pro aided and enabled, That the immediate owner of the lands and here suments, whereout any of the aforesaid rents were due, payable, or ijtingy should be preferred in the purchase thereof respectively before at] other so that such immediate owner Should pay and difchdrge all Omars of rent due from him or her, and tender himself or herself in ferjon, or by his or her agent, to the said chancellor and council, to mtrafl for the purchase thereof and Should perfect his or her con trcq % and pay the purchase money into the hands of the receiver gem ntrol of the revenues of the said duchy, on or before the sixth day November one thousand even hundred and eighty, at such rate as fmldbt agreed upon, not being less than after the rate of twenty-five jeers purchase, as aforesaid: and it was by the said act further en cbti, That all the moneys to arift by sale of the said rents, or by the mfrmhifement and discharging of any copyhold, or customary mef ftagesi lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under or by virtue of the fetfeft) jbmld be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of tbt 0 revenues

*3* Anno vicesimo septimo gboroii III C 34. [

twenties of the duchy of Lancaster for the time being, and t sold moneys Should, from time to time, the same Should be t

and received, be laid out by the order of the said chancellor and in the pur chase of three per centum bank consolidated aunml in any of the public funds tramferrable at the bank of Engh the name of The Duchy of Lancaster; and that all thee fund, or flock, to be so pur chased, Should remain in the namti duchy of Lancaster, and Should not be transferred or trrnj without the authority of parliament, but that all theinterep said annuities, fund, and flock, Should be, from time to tim unto the receiver-general of the said duchy for the time being, t eel of the revenues of the said duchy: and whereas, in purfuanu said act, some few of the said rents were sold and disposed of, a copyhold or cufomary tenements have been enfranchised, ani tk ariftng by such/ales and enfranchifoments has been laid out andi in the purchase of four thousand eight hundred and fifty mt twelve Billings and threepence, three per centum bankemf. annuities, in the name of The Duchy of Lancaster, according

directions of the said act: and whereas the greater part of tu by the said act authorised to be sold, fill remain undifipofei« from the general objection made to the rate of purchase limitd said act, it is apprehended that unless such rate of purebafitk rated and reduced, the intent of the said act, with respect to i of the said rents, will be in a great measure deseated: be it tlx So much of €na^c<* by the king's most excellent majesty, by and wi recited act asdvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and reftri&s the tnons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the 1

foie of the rity of the same, That so much of the said recited a as n

xfcribed^to0 vera rents herein described, and whk

nouefa than chancellor and council of the said duchy of Lantafer arc d »5 years pur empowered to sell, at a rate not less than twenty-five year chase, repeal chase of the gross amount of such rents, shall be, and the ed* is hereby repealed.

Authority II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, sycr shall and may be lawful to and for the chancellor and 0

at any prices f the duchy for the time being, to sell and dispose not under the thereupon to grant and allure, in the name of the King following jesty, his heirs and successors, under the seal of the said d

rates, viz. unto or to tjlc ufc of tjlc respective purchasers thereof, 1

their heirs for ever, all and singular the fee-farm rents, J service, rents feck, quit rents, chantry rents, guild rents other dry and unimprovable rents, which, by the said recite were authorised to be sold, but which have cot been (ole disposed of, and which now remain due and payable ti king's majesty as parcel of the pofiessions of the said duck and for such considerations in money, and at and after rate of purchase as the said chancellor and council /hallj adequate and sufficient, or be able to procure for the same being less for any rent amounting to or exceeding one (h per annum, than after the (cveral rates of purchase folio? (that is to say),

l^ooqie

1787*] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 34. 239

For any rent amounting to ten Shillings per annum, or up for rents upwards, not less than twenty-four years purchase of the net warda of, os taemnt thereof, after deducing the land tax chargeable yei^pur* thereon: chase;

For any rent amounting to five Shillings per annum, and being 51. and under tinder ten Shillings per annum, noj less than twenty-two years ios. it years purchase of the gross amount thereof: purchase;

And for any rent amounting to one shilling per annum, and ss. and under bring under five Shillings per annum, not less than twenty years 51*0 years purchase of the gross amount thereof. purchase.

III Provided always, and be it enacted, That the immediate Owners of owner of the lands and hereditaments, in refpe# of which any land t have of the said rent is or are due, payable or issuing, shall be pre^fared in the purchase thereof respectively, before any other 0 p person, foasfuch immediate owner shall pay and discharge all arrears of rent due from him or her, and tender himself or herself in person, or Jby his or her agent, to the said chancellor and council, to contra for the purchase thereof, and shall perse his or her contra, and pay the purchase money which (nail be agreed upon for the same into the hands of the receiver-general of the revenues of the said duchy, on or before the first day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

IV And whereas, by means of several enclosures or divisions made ofjeverol common fields and wafie lands, lying within and being parcel of tie franibifes and liberties of the said duchy of Lancaster, under ml iy virtue of diverse alls of parliament y several sums of money have fc, and do now remain charged upon certain of his Majesty's lands mi tenements within the said franchises and liberties: and whereas certain otter wafie lands within the said franchises and liberties have, iy tie authority of parliament, been lately set out and awarded to Us Mmtftji and a considerable expense will be necejfarily incurred in the hoosing, drainings fencings building upon, and improving the same: m.d.. whereas it is fit and expedient that effectual provision Should be tale for paying off the said several sums so remaining charged as [aid, and for defraying the expenses to be incurred in manner lafi mentioned; be it therefore further enacted by the authority

aid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the chan Money arisen

ceborand council of the said duchy for the time being, by their ^efa^of the onler or orders to be made in court of revenue, to apply and said rates, may appropriate as well the said four thousand eight hundred and be applied in say nine pounds twelve Shillings and threepence, three per fatiafatfionof centum consolidated annuities, as also any other moneys which fa9 nay hereafter arise and be received by sale of the said rents, or his majesty's* by the enfranchisement or discharging of any copyhold or cuf lands on ac tomary mefiuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under count of in tftd by virtue of the said recited ain payment, satisfa#ion, and discharge of all such sums of money as have been and are Rafter, enough charged upon any of his majesty's lands or tenements, bring parcel of the possessions of his said duchy, by reason of any iaclosure or division already made by the authority of parliament;

^

y

i40 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 44.

mcnr; and of all such charges and expenses as shall be at any time hereafter incurred, by and under the order and direftionof the chancellor and council of the said duchy, in the divi&odf Enclosure, drainage, or other improvement of any allotmettfor allotments which have been set out or alligned to his Maj his heirs or successors, by the authority of parliament, as V said; in the erecting suitable habitations, and other cotre nient buildings, for the tenants of such allotment or auotq^ffes respectively, in such manner as the said chancellor and aatyd) Bank toper shall think fit; and the directors of the bank of England foc'ifrc fbn authoriz mc en? and they are hereby authorised and required,upon requisition to them for that purpose to be made byipy order or orders of the said chancellor and council, undertbt hand of the attorney general of the said duchy, to permit ^cli personas shall in and by such order be named and impowtved for that purpose, to make a transfer or transfers of all oirany flock (landing part of the three per centum bank annuities which now arp, or in the name shall hereafter be transferred, or (land in the books of the fcaak of the duchy.; n tjje name of The Duchy of Lancajler\ and fthich transferor transfers, being made by the person foto be authorised b, tlif signature of his own proper name, for and on the behalf octfe'jcing's majesty, in right of his duchy of Lancaster, shall be^jfcl, legal, and effectual for the transfer of the said annuities that until the whole of the said charges and expenses shallljpe been raised and paid in the manner aforesaid, it shall aottvy

mcil to catifj^e

ed by the chancellor and council of the said duchy, to transfer the

Chancellor

and council

be lawful to and for the said chancellor and council

mourarifing mon*cs to arise by such sales, enfranchisements, and disc[ by sale of the as aforesaid, to be retained and applied for that purpose, witl Tates to an*^ '*1

f*cr expenses.

inverting the same in bank consolidated annuities, or other lick funds; anything in the said recited act to the notwithstanding. 4

V Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&dt That, after the costs and charges aforesaid shall have been wjy paid and satisfied, the residue of the moneys which shall reqaua unappropriated and undisposed of for the uses and purposes

fore mention aforesaid, whether the same shall arise by sale of any rents, or tj* ed, therefidue enfranchisement or change of tenure of any copyhold or cut of purchase tomary lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the said recited act of the nineteenth year of his majesty's reign, or under this present act; and also all moneys whatever which (haflafterwards arise and be received in the execution of the powers and authorities of the said recited act, shall be paid, laid out, applied, and disposed of, and the dividends, interest, and other annual proceed thereof, received, taken, and enjoyed, according to the directions of the said recited act, anything in this ift contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI And be it further enacted, That all and every agreement or agreements which shall or may be made or entered into by, or by the order of, the chancellor and council of the said duchy, with any mortgagee or mortgagees of any of his majesty*s lands within the liberties and franchises of the said duchy, such morts

After payment of all cods and charges be

tnoney to be laid out, C according to recited act.

Agreements entered into by order of the chancellor and council with mort

jjsj.] Anno vkcsimo septimo gfcorgil lit. C jf; 241

gauges having been made by the authority of any a A or a As of parliament, or to or with any of his majesty's lessees of thet0^ ?a "d lands foin mortgage, or with the htribands, guardians, trustcct* or committees, of any such mortgagees of leflcas, being re fpeflhdy women under coverture, of under tfny other debility, shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be good, valid, and cffeaual in the law, for the diicharging of any such mortgage or mortgages, and for charging his majesty's said lands, and the lessees thereof for the tithe being, with the payment to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the interest of such moneys as shall in pursuance of this act, and of any such agreements, be advanced by or by the order of, the said chancellor and council for thepufpofes aforesaid, notwithstand ing any disability in the parties making or entering into though same agreements refpeaively.

VII And be it further enacted, 'that all interest, or money in refpea of interest, which shall or may, by or undef any such agreement or agreements refpeaively, be or become payable to his Majesty by or from any of his lessees, for or in refpea of any sum or sums to be paid under the direaion of the said chancellor and council, by virtue and in pursuance of this act, and the powers and authorities hereby to them in that behalf giverty shall be deemed and considered as of in the nature of rent payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and to be ifliring out vfthemessuages, lands, and hereditaments, of hts Majesty, his heirs and successors, held and enjoyed by the party or parties to such agreement or agreements, by virtue of any such subsisting lease or leases, their executors, administrators, and assigns; and fhiereftddeto m case of the nonpayment of such interest, according to the terms, his Majesty tenor, and effea of such agreement or agreements refpeaively, under aoy the same shall and may be distrained for, and be recoverable susao^of and recovered by the king's majesty, hts heir artd successors, this act may and his and thftir receivers, bailiffs, and other mmifters, as rent be distrainedf due from such lessees refpeaively, their executors, administra for aa for rent'* tors, and assigns, and issuing out of, and chargeable upotf thd laid messuages, lands, and hereditaments refpeaively,in the same and like manner, in all refpeas whatsoever, as if the said interest, or money in refpea of interest, had been reserved by way of rent unto the king's majesty, or his predecessors, or his or their heirs or successors, in and by the subsisting lease or tafes under which the said messuages, lands, or hereditaments, are held and enjoyed refpeaively.

CAP. XXXV

An act for appointing commissionert further to inquire into the fees,gratuities, perquifitrs, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several pubtick offices therein mentioned yto examine intoauy abuses which may exist in the same; and to report ftith observations aa (halt occur to them, for the better conduamg and managing ftebufiocfr transaaed in the said offices. — This as the same as % $

eo. 3. C 19 and 16 Geo. 3. C 66. and continued till the end of th next session of parliament.

K

ap,

Gc. le

M

Voi. XXXVI

Preamble.

*4 Geo. 3. C 41.

h2 Anno yicefjpp: ftptiipo ggqjtfni 1JJ, 36, 37. [1787;

C A t. XXXVI

An act to continue law^retatirig so the free importation of certain

4 raw hide^and skins from Iceland and the British plantation in amt rica; to the, allowing tf^c exportation of certain quantities of what and other articles to his mmrfty's sugar colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures (tf this kingdom, and to prevent theft*ducing of artificers and workmen «so ployed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the.feas^ and to the granting a bounty on the exportation of certain species of Brififh and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties ontoreign raw linen yams made of flax itdported^

So much of9Geo. 3. C 39, as relates to.the«free importation of raw hidtf and skins froiq Ireland, and the British American plantations, continued to June 1, 1791, C so much of 16 Geo. 3. C 37, as relates to aoosing the exportation of wheat, C to the sugar colonies in America; and of5 Geo. 3. C 69, as relates to the exportation to those colonies of wheat from Lancaster, continued to May 1, 1739.6 Geo; 3.' C 89, to explain as Geo. 3 C 67, to prohibit the Exportation of tools used in the iron and steel manufact urea, continued to the end of the next feflfion. spgea, «. C 15, granting a bounty'on British and Irish linens exported, continued

to June 24, 1788, See,

CAP. XXXVII

An act for further regulating the trade and business of pawnbrokers;

WHEREAS an act was passed in the twenty-fourth jeer of' the reign of his present majesty King George the Third 10 explain, amend, and render mpre effectual, an at passed in the thirtieth, year of the reign of his late majesty King George tw Second, entitled, 'An act for the more effectual punishment of perk fons who flail attain, or attempt to attain, poffiffton of goods or mw} by false or untrue pretences for. preventing the unlawful pawning if goods i for the easy redemption of goods pawned 5 and forprtmtiep. gaming in public houfts* by journeymen, labourers servants ondof*:

prentices lb far as.the same related to the preventing the unlaajtj, .... full pawning of goods, and the easy redemption of goods pawned!

and whereas the fold act* puffed in the twenty fourth year of the rtifl of his present Majesty* was thereby declared to have continuance fro the day of puffing thereof for one year and till the end of the nut fefp.cn of pa iiament: and whereat an al was pafftd in the lap jiffiti oj parliament fer continuing the said act of the twenty-four ft jeer tf the reign of his present Majesty for the further term of one ytm which term will be concluded upon the eleventh day of J uly one thovfow seven hundred and eighty seven: and whereas it is expedient that fro viftoti foould be made for further regulating the trade and bufsnijsif pawnbrokers: may it therefore please your Majesty that it msy be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's m oft. excellent majesty, by and with the.advice and consent of the lords spiritual and.temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Pawnbrokers assembled, nd by the authority of the same. That it shall he allowed to lawful, from and after the eleventh day of July one thousand Seven hundred and eighty seven, for all persons using aodexcr cifing the trade and business of a pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every person and persons,

, ;

take the fol lowing rate for profit

943

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III a g.jl

applying or offering tp redeem any goods or chattels pawned ot pledged with such pawnbroker a profit after the following rates, over and above the principal sum and sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective pledge or pledges, before any such pawobroker shall be obliged to re deliver the same; videiuet:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum not exceeding two Shillings and sixpence, theism of one halfpenny for any time during which the said pledge shall rfemaifi in pawn, not exceeding one calendar month and the same sot every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which such pledge shall be redeemed, although such month shall not be expired For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent the sum of five Shillings, one penny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent fevert Shillings and sixpence, one penny halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings, twopence 2 For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve Shillings and sixpence, twopence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen Shillings, threepence:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lint seventeen Shillings and sixpence, threepence halfpenny :

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent one pound, the sum of fourpence: :

soon progressively and in proportion for any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be paid for by the calendar month, including the current month, in manner abovementioned; which several sums shall be in lieu of, and taken as a full fatirfactfon; for, all interest due, and charges for warehouse room.

II And be if further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Pawnbrokers in all cases where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or rates further pledge shall exceed the sum of two Shillings and sixpence, and rcsu lc*not amount to the sum of ten pounds, the person lending the same full and may rcke, by way of profit, as aforfesaid, at and after the nte of fourpence, and no more, for the loan of twenty Shillings, by the calendar month, including the current month, as aferefaid.

HI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in all cases where the parry or parties entitled to and applying for the redemption of goods pawned, 'within the space of seven days after the expiration of the first calendar month after the same shall have been pledged, he, (he, ot they, shall and may beat liberty to redeem the same, wiftiout paying anything by way of profit to the pawnbroker for the said seven days, or such part thereof as shall then have elapsed; that in all cases where the party or parties so entitled and applying as aforesaid, after

^by the y

Pawn to be entered in books.

244 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 37. [1787.

the expiration of the said first fevert days, and before the expiration of the sir A fourteen days of the second calendar month, he, Are, or they shall and may be at liberty to redeem liidi goods, upon paying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half of another calendar month, to the pawnbroker; but that in all cases where the party or parties so entitled sad applying as aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first soar teen days, and before the expiration of the said second calendar month, it shall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profit of the whole second month; and that the like regulation and restriction shall take place, and be in forte, m every subsequent calendar month wherein application shall be made for redeeming goods pawned.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who, from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind soever the same shall be, and whereon shall be lent any sum of money exceeding five Shillings, Stall forthwith, and before he, (he, or they, shall or may advance or lend any money upon such pawn or pledge, enter, or caufeto be entered, in a fair and regular manner, in a book or books to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpose, a description of the goods or chattels which he, (he, or they shall receive in pan, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information of the person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same; and in all cases where the money lent on any such goods or chattels hall not exceed the sum of five Shillings, such entry shall be made ia such book or books, by all and every such person and personslo taking the same by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, as aforesaid, within four hours next after the said goods and chattels shall have been so panned, pledged, or exchanged, as aforesaid; Pawnbrokers and every such person shall, at the time of the taking of every togwe a note pawn, pledge, or exchange whatsoever, give to the person or persons so pawning, pledging, ore xchanging the same, a note or memorandum, fairly written or printed, or in part written and in part printed, containing therein in like manner a description of the goods and chattels which he, (he, or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money advanced thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place 01 abode of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattelsikre so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the name ana place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information aforesaid, and upon which said note or memorandum, or on the back where u of,

things

pawned.

1787*] Anno vicesimo septimogsorgii III C 37. 245

of, shall be moreover fairly written or printed the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the same $ which said note or memorandum the party and partiei pawning, pledging, or exchanging the said good or chattels, shall, ana he, Ihe, or they is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cases, and the pawnbroker shall not receive and retain such pledge, ualeft the party pledging, or offering to pledge the same, shall accept and take such note or memorandum; and every such, note, where the sum lent shall be less than five Shillings, shall be given gratis; and where the sum lent shall be five millings, or upwards, and less than ten Shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one halfpenny for the same; and where the sum lent shall be ten Shillings, or upwards, and less than twenty ihil sings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the same, and where the sum lent shall be twenty Shillings, or upwards, and left than five pounds, the sum of twopence for the (ante; and where the sum lent shall be five pounds, or upwards, the sum of fourpence, and no more, and which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or she shall be obliged to re deliver the respective goods or chattels, except as herein after is excepted.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Penalty fi-om and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand seven againlk unlaw hundred and eighty seven, if any person or persons shall knows "' ^p*tn' ingiy and designedly pawn, pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully [be property diipofe of the goods or chattels of any other person or persons, of others, not being employed or authorised by the owner or owners thereof foto do, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with such offence, before anyjusticr. or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, fi berty, town, or place where the offence mall be committed (which oath every such justice or justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty Shillings, and also the full value of the goods or chattels lo pawned, pledged, exchanged, or disposed of, such value to be ifcertained by such justice or justices; and in case the said for. feiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom such conviction shall be had,

shall commit the party or parties so convicted to the house of correction, or some other public prison, of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offender or offenders shall reside, or be convicted, there to remain, and bo kept 10 hard labour for the space of not more than three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if within three days before the expiration of the said term of commitment the said forfei tnres shall not be paid, the fact justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the application of the prosecutor or prosecutors, the person or persons so convicjed tq

r3 bo

ljock

$4-6 Anna v&esimo fepribio gboiontif; 'cr % j* [1787.

fce publicity snipped in the house'of cotre&ioa ar prison, 10 which the offender or offenders shall 4wrve been cfemfoitted^df in fomepther public placeoftbe county^riding^dlwfion^ cfcf\ liberty, town or place waere thie cffiencd shaft been*eoom mitted, .as to such justice or just ices/hali seem proper andlkt said respective forfeitures, when recovered, 'ftiail be applied I Watchmaking fetisfetfiorr thereout to the p^tytorrpartiea'4». jured and defraying thecofts of the profecuttotoi iw lhaft»fct

judged reaibnable by the jttftrcehor justice: before ^whoin Ml convictfon shall be had; but if. the patty or parties injured ftph decline to accept of such fatrsfapflion and coftsi, for. if there shall be any overplus of tire.laid rlefpesive forfeitures, after making such famfa&ron, and; paykig fuqh costs as aforesaid theft farii respective* forfeitures, or the overplus thereof as the case shall happen) shall be paid and; applied to and«for4he use of*tik poor of the parish or place whebcfoch offence fttail hsvptam committed, and shall be paid to the bverfeers of tlibpoor of such parish or place for that purpose .* .* t

persons fore^And be it further enabled by the authority Aforesaid, Tim

ing or coun* if any person or persons shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, nr terfeitin^ procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such now poles. or memorandum as aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or sell Any

'such dote as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited forged, or altered, with iment.to defraud.any person or periods ytfhdmsoever, every such person shall bepunished in manger i hereinafter mentioned, and it shall be lawful for any person persons, his, her, or their servants or agents, to whom any nun shall be uttered or offered, which he, (lie, or they shall hatw teafon so suspect to have been counterfeited, forged, oraftenri* no fefee and detain such person or persons uttering or offering the same, and to deliver, him, her, or them, as soon as convd* niently may be, into tlrecuftody of a constable or other.peace officer who (hah, and is hereby required, as soon as confe niently may be, to convey such person or persons before forot justice or joftices of the peace for the county, riding, division city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (baste be supposed 10 have been committed $ and if upon examination it faril

appeir; to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the person or persons charged with having committed any such pffence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every such the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and requited to Commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol orhouse of correction of the county, riding, divihort, City, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be imprift)iied', for any rhyme not exceeding the fyace of three calendar.months, nor less than one calendar'tnohfh, of the discretion of /uch justice or justices.

VII And be it further enacted by the authorrey aforefindv For punishing That in case any person or pehfons who' ftm 11 offer by way of pyrfonb not pavvrt, pledge, exchange, or foie, any goods or chattels, thall account of awe, or ^tuse, to give a fotibfatffory accounr of

hinuelf,

A K

17*7-1 Anno ricefinrafe^mo georgii lif. r; 37. 7^7

mnfelk; htrfdf^ or thctnfe^resr,br the mdansby^which hei thcrofclycfi, ft^or*heyv became possessed t>f such goods or Chattels, or shall oawnkos5»° give any-f*}fe information to the pawnbroker, or to his or heir C 8 >

fenra^or servants, as to Whether such good or chattels afe his hereof fhoir own property or not; Oris these shall be any other reason to fcrfpaft that such'good s'of fchatfels are rtqlen, or other wfeihegahy or dandeftinely obtained; of if'ah^ ^rfon'or pes focw not entitled, nor hading'any colour of title by law to re dekn goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, it /hajl anil maybe lawful for any perfoo of persons, his, her 'or their servants or agents, to whom firth goods or chattels fharfl be so'dtfefrfcd, or with whom fuca goods or chattels are in pledge^(to 'seize and detain such perfo^ or persons, and the said goods br chattels, and to deliver such person or persons immediately into the .custody of a constable or other peace officer, who shalt, and is 'hereby Required, as foqp as may be, to convey fudv pdrfdn or persons, and the said goods br chattels so offered, before forrle jaftice or justices of the peace for the couhty; riditig^ ffivifipri, city, liberty,town, or place, ivhctein the offenceshall; befupposed to have been committed*and if such justice or justices Ypall, upon examination and en -- quiry, havecanfeto fufpett tftatthe said goods .or chattels were ftelen, or illegally of clandeftiriety obtained, or that the person er perlbns'ofermg and endeavouring to redeem the same shall not have' Jrtiy pretence or colour of right to f&lcenrf the same, it "shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to commit such personas persons into.safe custody for such reasonable tim asf(hall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the fobject, in order to be further examined*and if upon either of the said examinations it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, uhat the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or dandeftinely obtained, or that the person or persons offering or; endeavouring to redeem the same hath or have not. any pretence or cobdr of right foto do, the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaotor house of cor region of thb cmmty, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with .according to law, where the nature of the offence shall authorise fudrcommitment by any other law; and where the nature bf the bffence shall not authorise such commitment by any other law, then such commitment shall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, at rfoediferotion of such justice of justices.

Vlli And be ir further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if the owner or owners of any goods or chattels unlaw Where goods sully pawned, pledged, or exchanged, lhill make out, either on unlawfully his, her, or their oath, or by the oath of any credible witness, pawnbroker or, beihg one of the people called j$>uakers, by solemn affirma to restore tion, before any justice or justices of the peace within his or them, their jurisdiction, that such owner or owners hath or have had

R 4 his,

Anno vice&no septimo gjtg&an III C $7. his, her, or their goods or chattels, unlawfully taken from him, her, or them, and that there it] fufpelt that any person or persons within the iuriftidioo i such justice or justices hath or have, knowingly tod ur*' "taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange i or chattels of such owner or owners, and without the authority of such owner or owners thereof, and (halli pear, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices! grounds for such the suspicion of the owner or owners then, and in any such case, any justice or justices of thi within his or their jurisdiction, my issue his or their 1 for searching, in the daytime, the house, warehouse i place, of any such person or persons, who shall be ch oath or affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have kn or unlawfully received or taken in pawn, or by wayof* or in exchange, any such goods or chattels, without the of, or authority from, the owner or owners thereof; occupier or occupiers of any house, warehouse, or oth yvhcrein any such goods or chattels shall, on opt or4 as aforesaid, be Charged or suspected to be, shall, after I eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and seven, on request made to him, her, or them, to open th by any peace officer authorised to search there, by warrac a justice or justices of the peace for the county, nding* J! city, liberty, town, or place, in which such house, ware) other place shall be situate, refuse to open the same, uut| the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any pc to tyeak open any such house, warehouse, or other oh daytime, and to search, as he shall think (it, therein, for the p or chattels fufpetfted to be there, doing no wilful damage; no pawnbroker, or other person or persons, shall oppose 01 der any such search; and if upon the search of the house 1 house, or other place, of any such suspected person or as aforesaid, any of the goods or chattels which shall h so knowingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or excfc aforesaid, shall be found, and the property of the owe owners from whom the same shall have been unlawfully rained or taken shall be made out, to the satisfaction such justice or justices, by the oath of one or more witness or witndfcs, or if any such witness or witnefies of the people called Quakers, by solemn affirmation, or confession of the person or persons charged with any such fence, any such justice pr justices shall thereupon cause 1 goods and chattels found on any such search, and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthtrui restored to the owner or owners thereof.

IX And whereas goods and chattels are often pawned or j for fettering the payment of money lent thereon, and the Profit thereof and afterwords the borrowers, or their reprefeutatives, are defirm to repay the same, and the profit due tbaeon, and make tender thereof to the person or persons with whom the same are so pawned or ,

fledged

787o Anno vicesimoftptimogbokgii III c.37. 249

bjgtd, yet they are frequently under great diffiadtiet to get batk the

nheadehattdtfo pawned, and are often under a neteffity to eornmente iiis it law for the reteverythereof, to their great: for

dj whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

Tat from and after the said eleventh day of one thousand poaifliimthe: en hundred and eighhr fcwn, if any g poii or chattel, shall e pawned or pledged for fecunng any money lent thereof, deliver up ot acceding in the whole the principal sum of ten pounds goods to the nd the profit thereof, and if within one year after the pawning pawner, r pledging thereof, proof having been made on oath or affir nation as aforesaid, by one or more credible witness or wit tefies, and by producing the note or memorandum directed to*given by this act as aforesaid, before any justice or justices,

0 the (atisfadion of any such justice or justices, of the pawn ng or pledging of any such goods or chattels, within the said pace of one year, any such pawner or pawners, who was or sere the real owner or owners of such goods or chattels at the lime of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their exe*

: utors, administrators, or assigns, shall tender unto the person or persons who lent, on the security of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, administrators, or assigns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and profit, according to the table of rates by this established, and the person who took such goods or chattels in pawn, his executors, administrators, or alliens,

Dull thereupon, without shewing reasonable cause for so doing, to the fitisfaftion of such justice or justices, neglect or refuse to deliver back the goods or chattels so pawned, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the said principal sum of ten pounds, to the person or persons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, then, and in any such case, on oath or affirmation as aforesaid thereof made by the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executor, administrators, or assigns, or some other credi* hie person, any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the person or persons who took such pawn as aforesaid, his executors, ad miuistrators, or assigns, shall dwell, on the application of the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such person or perloos who took such pawn, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, within the jurisdiction of the justice f justices, to come before such justice or justices; and such juf CC or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to iamine on oath, or fotemn affirmation, as the case may retire, the parties themselves, and such other credible person or trfonsas shall appear before him or them, touching the preset; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit itreof as aforesaid, shall be proved by oath or affirmation as ocetaid to have been made, such principal money not exceed ig the said sum of ten pounds, to the lender or lenders thereof, is, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by the

[borrower

2 ip ani)o tfcesimo septimo gtibrgfr Ilf# C 37. h

borrower or borrowed of such principal Ttioney, by their ^xecuhrf^ admibrtlrators, o assigns, within thd of one year after the faitt pawning or lodging of the chattels, then On payment, by sho borrower of born " heti or their ejtci; utors, adfliiniffirnfors, ot* affigtir, of

...Ciptl ctnoney, and the profit dor thereto, as M

\ 7 lender or lctiders, his, her, or*h£irfibcecut0rs, ad

/ pi? aitignst, and in case the leoderiorlenders4 His,

executors, adimnistrators, or adignr, Ihallnfafe to of, on tender thereof to hidn, her, or them made, rower or borrowers thereof, his her, or theiriistrators, or assigns, before any fu dr juftifce or jui

tuftiee or justices shall thereupon, by order under bb1 land or bands, direct the goods or'chattels so pawi wit h to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners her, or their executors, ad min iterators, oratbgnst person or persons who shall have lent any principal ft of money, not exceeding in the whole the said few pounds, on any goods or chattel pawned, hts, Kdf'executory administrators, or assigng, dhall negtoft deliver up, or make fati&faduon forth goods or ch hall be so proved, to the satisfaswon of stich jtfftiee as aforesaid, to have been so pawned, as any such justices of the peace ais'aforesaid (hafhorder and dirasj such justice of juftites shall and is and are hereby! and required to commit the party or parties so refaft Net up or maketairsfadion for the same to the heufed on, or some other piiblick prison of the county, ridii ivony city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offend fenders shall reiide orbb convicted* there to remain wkw pr main prize untdi he, (he, or they (Kail deliver up the, chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable as afore! cording to the order of such justice or justices as af ^ke such famfa&toporcompensation as such jufficeor; Xhall adjudge reasonable for the value thereof to the parties entitled to the redemption of such goods or CL fawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid

And, to prevent any inconvenience to persons cai trade and bujitufi of a pawnbroker, from 'several disclaiming a property in the same goods .or chattels, be it ft Persons pro acted by the authority aforesaid. That from and afu or memonn Seventh day of July, one thousand seven hundred and dumsde^med^760* any pcr^0fl or persons who shall at any time pi the owners, 4uch note or memorandum as aforesaid, to the person

with whom the goods therein specified were pawned dr ed, as the owner thereof, or as authorised by the owner to redeem the same, and require a delivery of the'chattels mentioned therein to hrnv heiy or them, foci r, fl&rf<»ns (ti3ii be, and is and are hereby deemed and be, lo tar as respects the person or persons having such, and chattels in pledge, the real owner andowners, prt^1

i] Armo uvdefittiofeptirfiio III £.£7. 2^1

^ftoprietors of such gbods and chattels; and the person or so using the faifd trade and bofmefs of a pawnbroker te, and is and ape' hereby dtre^ed and required, after re fetisfaction p^irfu^ht to the prtfviftons of this art felpedb ipal and profit, to deliver such*gridds and chattels to bn or persons who shall so produce the said note or mein to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are indemnified for so doing, unless he, (he; or they (had tod previous notice from the realrowner or owners thereto deliver the same to the person or persons producing note. Or urfttfc nottefe shall have been giveri to him, her, or 1, that the goods and chattels pawned have been, or rer hate hew, fraudulently or feloniously taken or ob vandur»lefs the real owner or owners thereof proceeds or t*e6d'in tnarin'er hereirt after provided and directed for the sseefntngof goods and ehatteb pledged, where such note hath tsit lost, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the hwasef or owners thereof;

And be ir further enaeled by the authority aforesaid, in case any pawnbroker shall have had such previous nowhere notes as aforesaid, or in case any such note or memorandum as mclrn£ra!|*

shall be lost, mistaid, destroyed, or fraudulently ob pawnbrokerc from the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and to deliver a mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then, copy, every such case, the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with the said goods and chattels were so pledged or exchange all, at the request and application of any person or persons shall represent himself, herself, or themselves to the pawn r as the owner or owners of the goods and chattels in, or exchanged as aforesaid, deliver toduch person or per so requeltiwg and applying for the same, a copy of the or memorandum fd lost, millaid, destroyed, or fraudulently ned, as aforesaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particu tifcumstances attending the case, printed or written, or in printed andin'part written, on the said copy, as the same be stated to him .or her by the party applying as aforesaid, rhich copy of such note or memorandum, and form, of assit, in case the money lent shall not exceed the sum of ten gs, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one penny; ifr case the money lent shall exceed the sum of tfcn Shillings, the ntwoker Shall receive the like sum of money as he is entitled receive and take on giving the original note or memorandum, money to be paid by the party Applying for the same, at the of making the said application; and the person or persons ng so obtained such copy of the note or memorandum, and of affidavit as aforesaid, shall thereupon prove his, her, or if property in, of right to, such goods and chattels, to the faction of some jufttce of the peace for the county, riding, on, city, ro.vn, liberty, 'or place, where the said goods or ^fch (hah have'been pledged, pawned, or exchanged; and 1] aifo verify on oath, or affirmation as the case may be,

before

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 37. V before fomc justice of the peace, the truth of the parried] cumstances attending the case mentioned in such afih affirmation, to be made as afore said, the caption of fakm affirmation, to be authenticated by the hand writing«the justice before whom the same shall be made, andifl and is hereby required foto authenticate the same, 41 the pawnbroker shall suffer the person or persons prod property to the satisfaction of such justice as aforesaid, aofl such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, on fomntfilfl of the said note or memorandum, and the bid affidmm mation, with the said pawnbroker, to redeem fadim chattels. W

XII And be it further enacted by the authority Fawned That all goods and chattels which (hau be pawned 4 good deem shall^dccmed forfeited, and may be sold, at thee the end of one onc w^c year from the time of pawning the same;

all goods and chattels so forfeited, on which any fom d Shillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have hr shall be sold by public auction, but not otherwise, byd of the person having the same in pawn, at and after the tion of the said year; but the person employed to sell and chattels by auction shall, and he is hereby required the same 10 be exposed to public view, and catalogue to be published, and an advertisement, giving notice sale, and containing the name or names of the pawali pawnbrokers with whom the said goods or chattels pledge, to be inserted on two several days in some pubftfl paper, two days at lead before the first day of sale, of

of forfeiting, to the owner or owners of the said goods^m tels, for every offence in the premises, the sum of five and that all persons redeeming any goods or chattdjfl were pawned or pledged before the said eleventh day of thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, shall be perdflh to do upon the terms of, and according to the tabled] established by the said act, which was passed in the W fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and 00 all terms.

XIII Provided always, and be it further enaltedbyf On notice thority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons etui from perforti redeem goods or chattels in pledge, shall, before the exf

In ^edke°not^onc year rom the l*rac pawn>ng the fitom

to soil, seven notice in writing to the person or persons having the £ <uys further pledge, or leave the same at his, her, or .their ufuil (f^27^2? abode, not to sell the same, at the end of the said onb ?orrederop*r*hcn, and in every such case, such goods or chattels (hi

pledge, until after the expiration of three months, toltf puted from the expiration of the said year; during whi< term of three months, the owner or owners of the II and chattels shall have liberty to redeem the same, updfl terms stipulated and provided by this act. 1

tion.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 37. 253

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au iforesaid, That all and every person or persons to whom Account of Is or chattels shall have been pawned or pledged, shall, entered by ic to time, enter in a book or books to be kept by him, the pawnbro themfor that purpose, a true and just account of the kersinabook; U goods and chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for of ten Shillings, which shall be sold as aforesaid, ex the day when, and the money for which such goods or pawned were sold, together with the name and place of E the audioneer by whom the same were (old, according ifonnation thereof from the auctioneer 5 and in case any and overplus ds or chattels shall be sold for more than the principal nd profit aforesaid due thereon at the time of such Tale, goods pawn rplw shall, by every such pawnbroker, be paid, on deed or (old. to the person by whom or on whose account such goods ds were pawned, his, her, or their executors, admini or assigns, in case such demand shall be made within ft after such sale, the necessary cods and charges of \ being first deducted, and such person or persons who or pledged such goods or chattels, his, her, or their rs, administrators, or assigns, shall, for his, her, or their on in this matter, be permitted to inspect the entry to i a aforesaid of every such sale, paying for such infpec sum of one penny, and no more; and in case any per erfons shall refuse to permit any such person or persons sited or pledged such goods or chattels, or who is en such overplus money, to inspect such entry as aforesaid uch book or books, such person or persons, if an exe' executors, administrator or administrators, or assignee ices, at such time producing his, her, or their letters itary, letters of adminifiration, or alignment, or in case ds or chattels were sold for more than the sum entered such book or books, or if any such person or persons t make such entry as aforesaid, or shall not have, bona: ording to the directions of this act, sold the same, or use to pay such overplus, upon demand, to the pawner ners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or he, (he, or they, producing such their letters teftamen uers of administratien, or assignmenr, every such person m lo offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit tre fumfuch goods and chattels shall originally have been I for, to the person or persons by whom or on whose ac uch goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their trt, administrators, or assigns, to be levied by distress and the offender's goods an; L chattels, by warrant under the tnd Teals of any two justices of the peace for the county, division, city, town, liberty, or place where the offence: committed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand Pawnbroker

hundred and eighty seven, no person or persons having

any

limited.

^54 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 37. [rftf*

whitft they any goods or chattels in pledge shall, under any pretence W&N arn!^hi9 soever, either by himself or herself, or by any other perftmf

custody. him CT her, purchase any such goods or chattels so betejj

pledge with him or her during the time the same (halhrijm in his or hercuftody as such pledge, save and except at DA public auction as aforesaid, nor shall suffer the fametofafew deemed with a view or intention to purclwfc the famcjjje shall any such person taking or having any goods or chatfwr pledge, make, or cause to be made, any contract or agrccrthl with any person or persons offering to pledge, or pledg^tt same, or with the owner or owners of the pledge, fordidptf* chase, sale, or disposition of the said goods and chanels, bdktt the expiration of one whole year from the time of pawiridg# pledging the same; nor shall any pawnbroker purchase, ceive or take any goods or chattels in pledge, of or fronk ff person or persons who shall appear to be under the age of Htaht years, or to be intoxicated with liquor, or purchase, ortitffc pawn, pledge, or exchange, the note or memorandum af of any other pawnbroker 5 nor buy any goods or chattels hi course of his, her, or their trade or bugnefs, before thehdfe eight of the clock in the forenoon, or after the hour of fevtifj Time for tak the clock in the evening, throughout the year; nor reettaifc1 Ing ?n pawn ache jn goods or chattels by way of pawn, pledge, or in exchata before eight of the dock in the forenoon, or after ninetfji clock in the evening, between michaelmas day and Lady ay* lowing, or before (even of the clock in the forenoon, of ten of the clock in the evening, during the remainder year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday throughout whole year, and excepting on the evenings preceding gaoifti and chrifimas day; nor shall any person or persons exercise carry on the trade or bugnefs of a pawnbroker on any Sifejfc Good Friday, or Chr iff mas day.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforett^ That, from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousegi

to place in seven hundred and eighty seven, all and every person andpofk ^profits!&c\ f°ns w and carry on the trade send bugnefs opl

pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed in large legitt characters the rate of profit allowed by this act to be raketti*} him, her, or them, and also the various prices of the note*b memoranda to be given by him, her, or them, accordmgjtt the rates aforesaid, and an account of what notes or mcmeran* dums are to be given gratis, and of the expense of obtaining 1 Tecond note or memorandum, where the former one has Met lost, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, and placed same in a conspicuous part or parts of the (hop or other phe wherein he, (he, or they dial! carry on such trade and hufiftefi io as to be viftble to, and legible by, the persons pledging good and chattels (landing in the several boxes or places provided ft such persons coming to pawn or redeem goods and chattels j r^such shop.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefak

tks

Pawnbrokers

17^7-3: Anno vicesimo feptiinagfiottcmlli. 255

Thu in case any difference or dispute (halt arifo betweci^any Dilute he'person or persons pledging or redeeming offering to redfcertij pawj?' any goods or chattels and the pawnbroker with Whout tyre same p" gatn shall have been pledged, or alleged tofav'e 'been pledged? re be settled by (peing the re delivery thereof, or the bioney to be paid to fuew a jtrftice of pawnbroker, every such difference or difpore, 'irticafe the orig?nht the pc^ce.

Atm lent was under fortyihlhings, shall be settled and determined by any justice of the peace adding for the refpe^uve coumy, riding, division, City, tdwn, liberty, or pfo<*, whd is hereby authorised and required upon application being made to him for that purpose, by examination dn oath fc affircrrttibri, as th€ case may require, of thapartids themfelvesy and such other credible person or persons as. shall appear before him touching the? premises, to hear and determine the same; which determination

shall be final and binding unto and upon persons.

XVIII And) for the better manifefling by xvhom the trade and business of apewnbroker hall hereafter be carried on, be it further coaded by the authority aforesaid, That, frotri and after the pawnbroker's said eleventh day of fitly one thou fond fever hundred and names and eighty seven, all and every person or persons Who shall follow r carry on the trade and business of a pawnbroker, shall cause door to be painted or written, in large legible characters, over the door of each (hop or other place by him, her, or them respec tircly made use of for carrying on that trade and business, the christian and surname or names of the person or persons so carrying on the said trade or business, and the word Pawnbroker or Pombrtkersy as the case may be, following the same, upon paiii of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every (hop or place which shall be so made use of for the space of one week, without having such name or names, and the said word, so painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by. distress and fa!e of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and foals of afty twb juftlces of the pcate acting within the respective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty; or place, (which Warrant such justices are hereby authorised and required to gramme), upon the corifeflion of the party or prties, or upon the*information of any credible witness or witnefies, upon oath of affirmation, as the case may be; and the said penalty, when the charges of recovering the same (Kail be deduced, shall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to' the use of the poor of the parish or place in which the offence shall be committed; and in case fuffidertt distress shall not be found, or such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall 'be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and feais, to cable the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days, unless the said penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

*5$ Penalty on pawnbroker selling good before limited time, or injuring them.

Pawnbrokers to produce their books when necessary.

Anno vicesimo feptfmo Georgii III C 37.7s7 that if, in the course of any proceedings before any jofticeee' justices of the peace, in pursuance of. or under this ait (bfla appear, or be proved to the (atisfadion of the justice or juftjccfr upon oath, or solemn affirmation, that any of the goods or dte* tels pawned as aforesaid have been sold before the time allpwrf by this act, or otherwise than according to the directions ofdkl aft, or Have been embezzled, or are become or have been rtfb dered of less value than the same were at the time of pawnfe or pledging thereof, by or through the. default, negtefi, orw£ full mimehaviour of the person or persons to whom the tea were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, nistrators, or assigns, agents or servants, then, and in any jib case, it shall be lawful to and for every such justice and juffia^ and he and they is and are hereby required, to allow or award reasonable satisfaction to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels, in respect thereof, or of such damage; and the fao or sums of money so allowed or awarded, in case the same (halttt amount to the principal and profit aforesaid, which shall apprir to be due to any person or persons to whom the same weirfc pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, adimniftratorf* or assigns, mail be deducted out of the said principal and profit! and in all cases where the goods and chattels pawned as afcl* said shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be fufikkfll for the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executors, adfttf* nistrators, or assigns, to pay or tender the money due upon fife balance, after deducting out of the principal and profit as fcp said, for the goods or chattels pawned, such reasonable faction, in respect to such damage, as any such justice or juffith shall order or award; and, upon so doing, the justice or juftfe shall proceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her, or ihette** cutors, administra^ors, or assigns, had paid or tendered the wmi money due for the principal and profit as aforesaid; and if satisfaction to he allowed and awarded to the owner or owntf* of such goods or chattels shall be equal to, or exceed the prim pal and profit aforesaid, then, and in such case, the peribow persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, hers or their executors, administrators; or assigns, shall deliver the goods or chattels so pledged to the owner or owners 'thereof without being paid anything for principal or profit in refpes thereof, and shall also pay such excess, if any, to the perfim or persons entitled thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herem after mentioned.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority afortfam, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, open complaint made to him, on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnefies, where any information (hab be laid against any pawnbroker for having offended against this act, or respectirtg any dispute between any pawnbroker and person having pawned goods, or the owner or owners of good pawned, or respecting any felony or other matter, or on any other occafioo w hat soever, which, in the judgement of any justice

Of

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 37.'

OF justices, fliali make the production of any book, note jracher, or other paper necessary, which shall or ought to be in t hands, custody, or power of any pawnbroker, to summon moh pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or <uy book, note, voucher, or paper, which he or she may of fjght to have in his or her custody or power, relating to the same. Which he or fte is hereby required to produce before such justice prjustices in the state the same was or were made at the time tktrlwn or pledge was received, without any aiteration, erase jurat, or obliteration whatsoever; and in case such pawnbroker wl.neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the same in its true tod perfect state, such pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth j9t show good cause for such negjeft or refusal, to the satisfac ftsn of such justice or justices, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, for the use, and to be levied in the manner herein after mentioned.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any pawnbroker shall, from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, in anywise offend against this act, every such pawnbroker shall, for every such offence, in neglecting to make, or cause to be made, in a fair and regular manner, in such book or books as iforesaid, any such entry as is required to be made by him, her, acthem, by this act, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and for twry other offence against this act, where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific offence |pjoft any part of this act, die sum of five pounds; and that lu forfeitures incurred by any offence committed against this jfi, shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the goods mdxhattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or piste where the offence shall be committed and it shall be kwful to and for the justice or justices to award to the party Complaining, out of the said penalty, the sum of two pounds itodten (hiuings, and the remainder of the aforesaid penalty or penalties, not otherwise disposed of and applied by this act, to be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish m place where the offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish or place for that purpose.

XXII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no person or persons shall be subject or liable to any prosecution or wformtion before any justice orjustices of the peace, by virtue ofjhis aft, for any offence or offences against this act, unless information shall be given of such offence or offences within twelve calendar months next after the offence committed.

xxill. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any pa rhh or place where any offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any pawnbroker against this act, or some or one of such officers, at the discretion or direction of any justice of voxxxvi. S the

*5*

Penalty on pawnbrokers offending aeainst this act.

Churchwardens, See. to prosecute.

2 o' 8f

Ad not to

extend to persons lending money at 5 1 percent, without further profit.

Justices not to have any fee or j^ra tu'fies ror acting under this act.

The act to extend to executors, cof pawnbrokers.

General ilfue.

Double colls,

Inh'bitmts of

my place where oif.jn cyscommr'ted deemed co:: petent it utfits.

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 37. [1787;

the peace, on having notice from such justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they, or some or one of them, to be nominated by such juftfee as aferesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute every offender for every offence foto be suggested by such justice W have been committed against this act, at the expense of there spective parish whereof they or he are, is, or shall be, foribe time being, such officers or officer.*J

XXIV Provided always, That nothing in this a St contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or persons whomsoever, who shall lend money to any person or personi whomfeever upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum interest, without taking any further of greater profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any pretence whatsoever.

XXV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no see or gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or received, by any justice of the peace, his or their clerk, or by any person whomsoever, for any summons or warrant, or other proceedings whatsoever to be granted or made by any justice or justices of the peace in pursuance of this act.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all and every the provisoes, regulations, and clauses contained in this present act, shall, from and after the said eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, extend to, and include the executors, administrators, and a/signs, of all and every deceased pawnbroker, in the same manner as the same extend to and include the pawnbroker, when living favc and except that no such executor or admimftrator of any f»cb deceased pawnbroker shall be answerable for any penalty or forfeiture personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their osm moneys or estate, unless the lame final! be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own ad or neglect.

XXVII And be it further enacted by die authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be filed, molested, or proi'ecuted for anything by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any ciacfe, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general iitue, and give the special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have double costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVIII Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in all actions, suits, informations, trials, and other proceedings in pursuance of this act, or in relation to any matter or time herein contained, any inhabitant of the parish, town, or place in which any offence or offences shall be committed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be admiued to give evidence, and shall be deemed competent

writ

259

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 37.

wkoeffes, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an inhabitant or inhabitants of the parish, town, or place, wherein any such offence or offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the justice or justices before whom any person shall be convicted, in maoner prescribed by this act, shall cause such respective con V id ion to be drawn up in the form, or to the effect following; (that is to say),

f TJ E it remembtrtd, That on this day of Form of conto

wit 1 DIN the year of his Majestfs reign, A. B. vidion.

is convified before of his Majesty's justices of

the peace for the said county of [or, for the

riding or division of the said county of or, for the

tity, liberty, or town of as the case shall happen

to be] for and the said

do adjudge him or her to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of Given under

the day and year aforesaid.

And the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had shall cause the same, so drawn up in the form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or quarter felliooof the peace to be held for the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general or quarter session; and in case any person or per fens so convicted shall appeal from the judgement of the said justice or justices to the said general or quarter session, the justices in such general or quarter session are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the directions of this act, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and no or timri shall be granted to remove any conviction, or other proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this act.

XXX Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the. authority aforesaid. That if any person convicted of any Appeal; offence or offences punishable by this act shall think him or herself aggrieved by the judgement of the justice or justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal to the justices at the next general or quarter session of the peace, which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such judgement shall have been given; and that the execution of the said judgement shall in such case be suspended, the person so convicted entering into a recognisance at the time of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in double the sum which such person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to profeeute such appeal with efsect, and to be forth coming

S 2 to

26o

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii 111. C 38. [1787.'

to abide the judgement and determination of the justices in their said next general or quarter section, and to pay such costs as the said justices in such section shall award on such occafton, which recognisance the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the justices in the said general or quarter section an hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party; and if, upon the hearing of the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately wy the sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the said general or quarter section shall award to be paid for defraying the ex peaces sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, or in default of making such payment, shall suffer the refposuve pains and penalties by this act inflicted upon persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay, the respective Anns or forfeitures by this act to be paid by or imposed upon persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of this act.

XXXI Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Continuance That this act shall continue and be in force for one year only of ad. from the first day of June in the present year one thousand seven

hundred and eighty leven.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority afort public ad. said, That this act shall be a public ad; and be judicially taken

notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without the same being (pecially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVIII

An atl for the encouragement of the arts of dtfigning and printing linens, cotton: , calicoes and mujlins, by vcjling the preprint thereof in the designers, printers, and proprietors, for a amid time.

Preamble.

From June i, 1787. the proprietor of any original pat tern for printing linen to have the sole right of printing it

WHEREAS it maybe expedient, for the encouragementsf the arts of deftgtiing original patterns for printing linens, «/ licoes, cottons, and mujlinss to vejl the property thereof in the defignen % printerj, or proprietors for a limited time \ for which purpose may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cn acted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day oi June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, every person who shall invent, design, and print, or cause to be invented, designed, and printed, and become the proprietor of any new and original pattern or patterns for printing linens, cottons, callicocs, or muslins, shall have the sole right and liberty of priming and reprinting the same for the term of two months, to commence

from

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 38.

fern the day of the first publishing thereof, which shall be truly printed with the name of the printer or proprietors at each end of every such piece of linen, cotton, callicoe, or mudin; and that if any callicoe printer, linen draper, or other person whatsoever, from and after the first day ot June one thousand feren hundred and eighty seven, within the time limited by this act, shall print, work, or copy, such original pattern or patterns, or cause to be primed, worked, or copied, such original pattern or patterns, or shall print or reprint, or cause to be printed or reprinted, any such pattern or patterns, and shall publish, fell, or expose to sale, or in any other manner dispose of, or cause to be published, sold, or exposed to sale, or in any other manner disposed of, any linen, cotton, callicoe, or muslin, so printed without the consent of the proprietor or proprietors thereof, first had and obtained in writing, signed by him or them respectively in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, knowing the same to be so printed or reprinted without the consent of the proprietor or proprietors of such pattern, then every such proprietor or proprietors shall and may, if the offence be committed in England, by and in a special action upon the case, to be brought against the person or persons so offending, recover such damages as a jury on the trial of such action, or on the execution of a writ of inquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with costs of salt, in which no wager of law, effoin, privilege, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and if the offence be committed in Scotland, every such proprietor or proprietors shall and may, by an action to be brought before the court of session, or any judge competent to try civil causes within his bounds, recover such damages as the said court of session, or the said judge, shall give or assess, and for payment whereof decree shall be issued with full costs of suit, on which all such execution shall pass as is competent by the laws and practice of Sutlond in the like cases: provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons who shall hereafter purchase any plate or plates, block or blocks, for printing, from the original proprietors thereof, to print, reprint, and expose for sale, or cause to be printed, reprinted, and exposed for sale, from the said plates or blocks, without being liable to any action on that account.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any adrion or suit shall be commenced or brought against any person or persons whatsoever, for any offence committed against this a, the same shall be brought within the space of six months after so doing, and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, if brought in England, shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if, upon such action or suit, a verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, then the defendant or defendants shall have and receive full costs; for the recovery whereof he shall have the ft me remedy as any other des

t fendant

vjjock^ic

for % months from first publication;

and whoever shall within that period print the same, to be liable to an action for damages;

but any per fonpurchafing plates from the proprietors may print therefrom

Mode of prosecuting for. offences against this act

& % vicesimoteptimo Georgii III C 39-^41. [1787;

fendant or defendants in any other case hath or have by law; and if such action be brought in Scotland and not insisted in, or if the defender be aflbilzicd, then the defender shall be entitled to full costs, for the recovery whereof he shall have the same remedy as herein before is given to the pursuer.

A to conti And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

rue in force That this act shall continue in force for one year, and from for one year, thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons what foe ver, without specially pleading the same.

and to the end of the then next session.

CAP. XXXIX

An act for appointing commissioners further to inquire into thelofib and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the la*e unhappy difientions in America, in confequer.ee of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

a3 Geo. 3 C 80, recited. Six commissioners constituted who may appoint persons to travel in America to inquire into the facts and into the lofies in consequence of act 16 Geo. 3. C 5. Fraudulent claims excluded from any compensation. Giving false evidence liable to the penalties of perjury. Commissioners in the colonies to continue to inquire into claims; and in case of difference, of opinion, to require the amftanccof the governor, who, in case of the death of a commissioner, is to fopplf his place. Commissioners in America may, within six months after the passing this act, take an oath before the governor, chief justice, C which shall render their acts valid. Commissioners to give an sccoust of their proceedings to the treasury and fecretarjes of ttatc. Treafurv to pay 4.0001, to the commissioners; for paying clerks, C Commit fioners may receive half-pay. In case of the death, See. of a commissioner during the recess of parliament, his Majesty may appoint another. This act to continue one year from July 15, 1787.

CAP. XL

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themfeba for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to la, or, having been stamped, hare been lost or mi (laid; and for allowing them time to provide admjlfi* oils duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

CAP. XLI

An act for granting to his Mijesty a certain sum of money, to be raised

by a lottery.

756, ^751. to be raised by a lottery of 50, 000 tickets at 151. as. 9d. each with other ufunl directions. 500, 0001. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any i'upplies granted this session. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets: 3 of0, 0001.: 3 of jo, gcoi.: 5 of 5, ooo 1.: 10 of 1, 0001.: 20 of x.ccol.: 30 of 5001.: 100 of 100i.: ico of 50).: 15, 150 of 101. i, ooo I. to the first drawn ticket of the firstday; 5jooo1. to ditto the 19th day; 1, 0001. to the last drawn. Lottery to begin

drawing

2 6j

17j7.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 42, 43.

driving: on Peb. if, 1788. The o, oool. for the payment of the for tuiute tickets, to be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on Jane 1, 1788, C General ifluc. Treble costs.

CAP. XLII

An act for allowing further time for the inroflment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for the relief of purchasers.

CAP. XLIII

An act for taking and jwearing affidavits to be made use of in the uurt of session of the county palatine of Chester; and for taking of penal bail in actions and suits depending in the same coart.

WHEREAS it hath been found inconvenient that no person prcamb!e.

or perfom is or are empowered to grant commissions for the

taking or wearing of affidavits, to be read and made use cf in the court

of ftjjion, otherwise called Great Session, for the county palatine of

Chester, before his Mijejly s justices of the said courts as well of

pleas of the crown as of common pleas, and of all manner of pleas

whatsoever, in the several matters and causes depending, or hereafter

to be depending, in the said court; and that the prothonotary of the

[rid court for the time being, or his officiating deputy, have not power

oni authority to take and swear such affidavits, as aforesaid, and to

take affidavits for the jujftfication of special bails, taken in actions and

fiits in the said court; and also, that no person or persons is or are

empowered to grant commissions for the taking offpecial bails in actions

and suits in the said court; for remedy whereof, be it enabled by

the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the justices Justices of the

of the said court for the time being, or either of them, shall and court of fef

may, by one or more commission or commissions, under the fion for the

stal of the said county palatine, from time to time, as need shall 5£untjj?3

. r ', r r r. tine orlnefter

require, empower such and so many person or persons as they may jmp0wer

or either of them shall think fit or necessary to take and receive persons to all and every such affidavit and affidavit? as any person or per take afficia fons shall be willing to make, before any of the persons form powered, in or concerning any cause, matter, or thing, depend therein, mg, or hereafter to be depending, or in any wise concerning any ouhe proceedings to be in the said court, as the justices of his majesty's courts of king's bench and common pleas, the lord treasurer, and the chancellor and barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, or any of them, do use to do; and Prothonotary also that, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may or h'* be lawful for the prothonotary of the said court of session for the davits, said county of che/lcr for the time being, or his officiating deputy tt officio, as officers of the same court, and without such commission or commissions as aforesaid, to take and receive all and every such affidavit and affidavits as afore aid, in or concerning such causes, matters, or things as aforesaid; f.rd affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be filed in the office of the prothonotary of the said county, and the same shall and may bo

read

Persons for. swearing ihenaselves liable to the

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III 0*43. [1787.

read and made use of in the said court, to all intents and par poses, as other affidavits taken in the said court now are; tad that all and every affidavit and affidavits', taken as aforesaid, shall be of the same force and effect as affidavits taken in the said court now are: and all and every person and perfoosfav swearing him or themselves in such affidavit or affidavits, fludl incur and be liable unto the same pains and penalties as be, (be.

as for false affidavits in open court. Manner of making out commissions for taking affidavits, See.

Fees to be

fabicpenalties or they would have incurred and been liable unto if such affida -- vit or affidavits had been made and taken in open court; whkh said several commissions shall be made out by the prothotibttry of the said court of session, upon a fiat or warrant from the Ud justices for the time being, .or one of them; and the said pro thonotary shall cause an entry to be made, in a book to btfcepc for that purpose', of the names of the persons to whom fab commissions shall be from time to time granted, and of the respechve times when such commissions (half be issued; and the following fees shall be paid for each commission, and no moce; (to wit): the sum of .two Shillings for the fiat or warrant; the paid for such sum of four Shillings for making out the commission, bcfideslhe andfbrtaldn king's duty, and ie value of the parchment; and the fimjof affidavits. fur idlings for sealing the same: and the said prothonoury, 'and his officiating deputy, and every commissioner, or person h empowered, as aforesaid, shall take and receive, for the swearing of each affidavit before him or them, the sum or see of one to°be^taken idling, and no more: provided nevertheless, that neither any within a mile person appointed a commissioner as aforesaid, nor the said proof Chester thonotary, or his deputy, shall take or swear any affidavit within cattle during one mile of the castle or Chester during the time of holding the fessionui, ty fr the said county.

II And, to give greater ease and benefit to the persons re/dinf within the said county palatine of Chester, tn taking recognizances if Jpecial bail in all Qftions and fusts depending or to be depending in toe said court of session; be it further enabled by the authority afore justicesofthe said. That the justices of the same court for the time being, or said court either of them, shall and may, by one or more commission or persons^towcf commissions under the fear of the said county palatine from time to time, as need shall require, empower such and so many person and persons (other than common attorneys or solicitors) as they or either of them shall think fit and necessary in the said county palatine of Chester, to take and receive all and every such recognisance or recognizances of bail or bails, as any person or persons shall be willing and desirous to acknowledge or make before any person so empowered, in any action or suit depending, or hereafter to be depending in the said court, in such manner and form, and by such recognisance or bail piece as special bails are usually, or by law ought to be taken; which said several list mentioned commissions shall be made out by the prothonotary iur lakin lie court upon a Sat or warrant from the said justices

fuchvecogni fr the L me being, or one of them, and which said recognisance aances, cor recognizances, bail piece or bail pieces, so taken as aforesaid, together with qtx affidavit made of thp due taking of the recognizances

take recognizances.

Manner of making out

conmissions for taking

1797.] Anno vkcgrtio septimo georou III 6*43. 6(5

nixances of fucfa bail Or bail piece, by same credible person pre

feu at the taking thereof, (and which affidavit the person so

empowered to take the said bail shall be, and hereby it authorised

to tike and (Wear), shall, within ten days after the taking such

bail, be transtiitted to the office of the prothonotary of the said

couoty, there to be filed of record upon payment of the sum of

five Shillings and fourpence; and which recognisance of bail or

bail piece, so taken and transmitted, shall be of like effect as if

the lame were taken before the justices of the fold court, in open

court; and the following fees, and no more, shall be paid for Fees to be

each of the said list mentioned commissions, and for taking the P for fotnm

acknowledgements of the bail and affidavits respecting the same; cog.

(to wit). The sum of two Shillings for the fiat or warrant; the niaancei/

ram of seven Shillings and sixpence for making out the commis

ion, besides the king's duty and parchment; the sum of four

Shillings for the seal; the sum of five Shillings for taking every

fetch acknowledgement or bail piece; and the sum of one shilling

for the fwearine the affidavit of the due taking thereof.

IL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said justices for the time being shall and may make juhcesafth* fcich rules and orders for the justifying of such bails, and making , akc the same absolute, as to them shall seem meet, (b that it may riles for jnfti not be necessary for the cognizor or cognizors of any such bail fyng bail by or bails to appear in the said court to justify him or themselves, afidarits b.c.. but that the same may be determined by affidavit or affidavits duly taken before any of the said commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, (or before the prothonotary of the said court for the time being, or his officiating deputy, ex officii, as officers of the said court, and without any commission for that purpose), touching the value of the respective estates, and other necessary qualifications of such cognizor or cognizors; and for the swearing of each such affidavit shall be taken the sum of one shilling, and no more: provided also nevertheless. That nothing in this p<werof pro aft contained (lull prevent the prothonotary of the said court tbnotary, or for the time being, or his officiating deputy, from taking and receiving ex officio, and as officers of the said court, recognizances zacci nc of bails in actions or suits commenced, or hereafter to be com beiffefted by menced in the said court, in such manner as he and they have hi aft. done, or by law might do, and as if this act had not been

made.

IV And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Ifiny person any person or persons who shall, before any person or persons r*rcf?nt an empowered by virtue of this act, as aforesaid, to take special ^invinto* bail or bails, represent or personate any other person or persons, fpcial bail, whereby the person or persons so represented or personated may heshall be be liable to the payment of any sum or sums of money for debt Judged^or damages, to be recovered in the same suit or action wherein C °* such person or persons is or are represented or personated, as if he, the, or they, had really acknowledged and entered into the same, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, pfteemed, and taken to be a felon or felons, and shall fufifer and

incur

incur the same pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as persons con vifled of the like offences are liable to by virtue of an act, passed in the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, entitled, An act for taking [pedal bails in the country, upon anions and suits depending in the courts of king's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, at Westminster.

Preamble.

Suits inecce fiastical courts for defamatory words to bt commenced within six months.

Limitation f suits in ecch fiastical Courts.

CAP. XLIV

An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious suits in eccleftafical courts.

WHEREAS it is expedient to limit the time for the commencement of certain suits in the eccleftastical courts: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and copimons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first diay of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, no salt for defamatory words shall be commenced in any of the eccle fiftica! courts within England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, unless the same shall be commenced within six calendar months from the time when such defamatory words shall have been uttered.

II And be it further ena<sed by the authority aforesaid, That no suit shall be commenced in any eccleftastical court, for fornication, or incontinence, or for (hiking or brawling in any church or churchyard, after the expiration of eight calendar months from the time when such offence shall have been committed; nor shall any prosecution be commenced or carried on for fornication at any time after the parties offending shall have lawfully intermarried.

CAP. XLV

An act for rebuilding the pier of Margate in the isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent; for ascertaining, eitabliftiing, and recovering certain duties in lieu of the ancient and customary droits, for the support and maintenance of the said pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, highways, and public passage in the town of Margate, and pai ifh of Saint John the Baptist, in the said ille of Thanet; for settling the rates of porters, chairmen, carters, and carmen within the said town; and for preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annnoyances therein. — See IX Geo. x.c. y

CAP. XLVI

jigeo.a.c.* An act for continuing the term of two acts made in the eleventh year jgeo.3.c.al of the reign of his late Majesty George the Second, and the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scot, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the town of Aberbrothock, and liberties thereof.

CAP. XLVII

An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the commissioners appointed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same fefijon, intituled, An act for

granting

2 6f

1787.] Anno vicesimo ieptimo GEORGII III C 48.

yrauting aa aid to hit Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fenrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for appointing other cqmmissioners, together with those named in the fine mentioned act, to put in execution an act of tbit session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fer?ice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

CAP. XLVIII

An act to enabli the east-india company to continue their wareboufet already built9and to build new wareboufet exceeding certain dimensions, freed and discharged from the regulations and directions contained in an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his mojefly King George the Third, entitled, An act for the further and better regulation of buildings and party walls; and for the more effectually preventing mischiefs by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof, and other the parishes, precinets, and places, within the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary le Bon padding tonne. Saint Pancras and Saint Luke at Chelsea9 in the county of Middlesex, and for indemnifying, under certain conditions, builders and other persons against the penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting buildings within the limits aforesaid contrary to law.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made and passed in the Preamble.

frurteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled,

An act for the further and better regulation of buildings and t4geo.3 cs.

party walls; and for the more effectually preventing mischiefs

by fire within the cities of London and fveflminster, and the

liberties thereof, and other the parishes, precinets, and places,

within the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary

It Bon, Paddington, Saint Pan eras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea9 in

the county of Middlesex and for indemnifying, under certain

conditions, builders and other persons against the penalties to

which they are or may be liable for erecting buildings within

the limits aforesaid contrary to law; it was among other things,

matted, That no slack of warehouses, to be erected after the twenty

fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy four

jbmld contain more than thirty-five squares of building on tie ground

plan thereof including all the external and internal walls, and Jo much

of the parley walls, if any as belonged to such slack of warthouses;

and that no enlargement Should be at any time thereafter made to any

slack of warehouses already built or begun so as to increase the same

beyond the said thirty fiioe squares on the ground plan including such

walls as aforesaid9 except Jucb slack of warehouses Should be separated

and divided by one or more party wall or party walls built in every

rifled according to the directions therein before contained concerning

piny walls, into divisions of not more than thirty five squares each,

including such walls as aforesaid9 on the ground plan of such ware

kwfts y and tb it no slack of warehouses Should communicate with anr

slier wareheufe or building through a party IV //, unless the cloor case

and

The east-india company poffdted of and building warehouses exceeding thirty-five squares.

Expedient that the said company should be al

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 49, 50. [178; .

and Jiill of every such communication Should be f floaty and unltfi there Should be to every fitch communication a door of wrought tren, of the thickness of a quarter of an inch at leafy in the parmels tbertif; and that no timber bond or lintel Should be laid into the brick wtrktf any wall in any such slack of warehouses nearer than eighteen Mn to the opening of such communication: and whereas the united empty of merchants of England trading to the East Indies are possesseioni in the use of warehouses heretofore ere fled, which, on the ground LX thereof exceed thirty-five fquaresy without any dtvision; and thej on now building, and may hereafter build other wareboufesy for tie fur pose of carrying on their trcde9 which are neujfary to be built of £ menfions exceeding thirty five squares, without being divided bj t party wall or party walfs9 as in the said act are expressti: ecd whereas it is expedient that the faii united company Should be eqml to continue their present wareboufesy and to build new warehouses, f lowed to con dimensions convenient to their tradiy freed from the regulations ek tinue there directions of the said recited act: may it therefore please your ma es Tnde j*fty ^iat lt b.c.. enacted > be it enacted by the King's build others, most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and coofent of freed from the the lords spiritual and temporal, . and commons, in this present rh8fom0 a f par^ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That .the said ac. warehouses of the said united company already erected, and

wrehouses the wareho^fes now erecting and hereafter to be erected for the of the said use of the said united company, and every of them, shall be freed company thall from, and shall not be subject unto all or any the regulations be freed from and direfttons contained in the said recited act, in respect totlie dimensions thereof, without a division or divisions by a party will ad 31 or Party was '> ^ul LI Giall and may be lawful or the said united company to continue their warehouses already built and building, and hereafter to build new warehouses for their own use, of dimensions exceeding thirty-five squares, without dividing tbt same by a party wall or party walls, and freed and difclmged from the other regulations and directions mentioned and contained in the said recited act, respecting buildings in the cities of London and weflminflcty and other places in the said act mentioned; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Publicfc aft. II And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and be deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whom foe ver, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XHX.

An act for dividing the parish of Saint James, in the city and county of Bristol, and county of Gloucester, and for building a church, tod providing a coemetery or church yard, and parsonage house, within the new parish.

CAP. L

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne. -- Act zo Geo. a. C 28, repealed in respect thereof.

CAP.

CAP. LI

An act for making a road from Saint bernard's Street, in the town of Leith, to the foot of Leith Walk, in the county of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain streets in the city of Edinburgh, and the avenues leading to the same) and for amending two several acts patted, relative to the said city, in the twenty-fifth (chap. a) and twenty sixth years (chap. 113) of his present majesty's reign.

CAP. LII

An act for better lighting and watching the village of Camberwell, ia the county of Surrey, and certain roads and other places adjoining or near thereto.

Inhabitants of Camberwell to pay ool. per ann. to the trustees of Peckham for terrace, see. 5, and discharged from patrol from Peckham to Blackman Street, see. 7. Inhabitants of Camberwell may be witnesses, see. 9.

CAP. LIII

A8 far bitter draining and preferring certain lands and grounds witinn the level of Hatfield Chase, and parts adjacent, in the counties of York, Lincoln and Nottingham.

WHEREAS certain lands and grounds, situate within the?reamble.

level of Hatfield Chase, and parts adjacent, in the counties i/york, Lincoln, and Nottingham, being heretofore subjefl to be overflowed, several powers were from time to time granted to the emmissioners of sewers for the said level and parts adjacent, for the ireimetg and preserving the said lands and grounds 5 and in conference thereof the said lands and grounds have been very conftderably improved, but the powers granted to the said commissioners, as afore fdi, are not sufficient for effectually draining and preserving the said lends and grounds: and whereas the said lands and grounds might be better drained and preserved, the said commissioners of sewers were empowered to make proper drains and other works for tkofe purpofos: end iqhereas the participants of the said level, and parts adjacent, are willing and defer ous thatfuch drains and other works, as aforej'aid, fhsuld bt made, and that the expends thereof Should be charged upon the Lnds and grounds belonging to, or held by or in trust for the said participants, and be raised in like manner as the other expends of draining and preserving the said level, and parts adjacent, are now raised: but edthougb the making such drains and other works, as aforesaid, will be of great benefit and advantage to the owners and proprietors of the several lands and grounds which are liable to be overflowed as afiufaid', the same cannot be done without the aid and authority of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Tpirirual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the commission Work to be ert of sewers for the said level of Hatfield Chase, and parrs adja done by the cent, or any six or more of them, shall and are hereby authorised and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to cause the wc

present

by >

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii Ilf. C 53. [1787.

present outfall sluice, or dough, upon a certain drain or river within the said level, called The South River, at the junction thereof with the river Trent to be taken up, and a new outfall sluice, or dough, to be built indead thereof, of the width of fifteen feet at the lead in the water way, and the threshold thereof to be laid two feet lower than the threshold of the present outfall sluice, or dough, upon the North River 5 and also to cause the said South River, for the length of one hundred .and twenty chains from the said sluice or dough, to be properly scoured, cleansed, and deepened, so as the bottom thereof may be upon 1 level with the threshold of the said new sluice or dough, and of the width of twenty feet at the lead, and to cause all the earth taken out of the said South River to be laid in bank fafhionod both fides thereof, and so as the said banks may be two feet at the lead higher than the highest high water mark in the respective drains at Althorpe, in the greated floods; and also to cade a new cut or drain to be made from the said South River (at the didance of about one hundred and twenty chains from the said sluice or dough) in such line and dirc&ion, and of such width, as they shall think proper, to join and communicate with the river Tome, at the didance of about two chains above the great bend or elbow in the said river Tcrne> wed of and near td Hirjl Hall, in the parish of Belton, in the county of Lincoln; and also to cause the said river Torn, from the junction thereof with the said new cut or drain to the second bend or elbow in the said' river Torney below a place called Ross Bridge (being the space of about one hundred and seventy two chains and a half) to be properly scoured and cleansed, and made of the width of fifteen feet at the lead at the bottom of the said river; and also to cause a new cut or drain to be made from the said river Torn at the said second bend or elbow below Ross Bridge, in such line and direction, and of such width, as they shall think proper, to join and communicate with a certain drain called The New Idley on the south side of and near to the dop gate at a place oalkd Tunnel Pit 5 and also to cause the said river Torney from the junction thereof with the said South River to the said great bend of elbow near to Hirjl Hall (being the space of about ninety seven chains) to be scoured and cleansed, and made of the width of twenty feet at the lead at the bottom of the said river; and also to cause a new cut or drain to be made from the said great bend or elbow near to Hirjl Hally in such line and direction as they shall think proper, and of the width of twenty feet at the least at the bottom thereof, to join and communicate with the said river Torn at the fird bend or elbow in the said river below Refs Bridge sforesaid; and also to cause the said South River above and near to the place where the same shall communicate with the said fird memioned new cut or drain, and also above and near to the pl*ce where the said South River communicates with the said river Tcrney to be effectually dammed or dopped up; and also to cause a draw gate or (launch to be created in the bank between the said North and South rivers, with a water way

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 53.* 27£

tat the least, at or below the junflion of the said North vith the new drain leading to the river Trent, at Keadby,

: door or doors of such draw gate or (launch shall be up occasionally, whenever fresh watef shall be required iring the outfall sluice of the said South River, or for the use ein dry seasons, and for those purposes only; and for the of effectually holding up and turning the water through 1 draw gate or (launch, to cause land doors to be erected of the (luices at the outfalls of the North and South ri ic tops of such doors to be upon the same level as the top and doors of the sluice at Keadby; and also to cause cuts is to be made from the said South River above and near elpcdive places where the same shall be so dammed or up as aforesaid, to join and communicate with a certain the said level, called The North River, each of such cuts as to be made of such width as they shall think proper Rcient for conveying the water from the said South River: said North River and the said commissioners of sewers,

6x or more of them, shall, and are hereby also authorised quired to cause the several new cuts or drains foto be S henein before directed, and also such parts of the said liver and river Torn as are Jto be scoured and cleansed as d, to be made of such depth, and to be (loped and bat n each side in such manner, as they shall think necessary Dper, and also to cause the banks of the said South River, the said river Torn, to be repaired and amended at such is they shall judge necessary; and also to cause good and it banks to be made on each side of the said respective its or drains, of such width and height as they shall ufficient for securing and preferring the adjoining lands junds from injury or damage, by means of the said new drains; and the said commissioners of sewers, or any six eof them, shall, and are hereby authorised and required,

1 as conveniently may be after the several works aforesaid (nplcted, to cause the said river Torn to be effectually or stopped up above and near to the said great bend or near Hirft Hall, and also between the said first and second or elbows below ros Bridge.

nd be it further enabled, That if, by the making any Bridges to be

it or drain as aforesaid, or deepening any old one, the made over the.. r r r ut new drains, if

: of any person or persons, or of his or their cattle or necessary;

; to or from his or their lands or grounds, shall be in

tedor prevented, the said commissioners of sewers, or any

more of them, Hull and are hereby required, before such

drain shall be completed, to cause such bridge or bridges

erected and made across the same as the said commission

sewers, or any six or more of them, shall judge proper

jnvenient, for the passage of the occupier or occupiers of

ands or grounds respectively, and of his and their cattle

arriages, to and from the same; and the said commission

sewers, or any six or more of them, may and are hereby

autlio

2JZ

w

Power to get materials.

Recompense to be made for damages to private lands to be

Anno vicesimo septimo Gcoicn III C $ f.

authorised and empowered to cause such number of, tui (launches to be placed or made in the tanks of the said Torn, at such place and places as they shall judge conveying water from the said river into any lands or for the purpose of watering the cattle deptflored therein.

HI. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of any person or persons to be by them appointed for that to get, dig, take, and carry away, any earth, clay, fcm Hones, or other materials, proper, requisite, and convi making, carrying on, and completing the several cuts or and otner works herein before directed to be made, in, or over any common or wade ground, or the lands or | of any perton or persons (not being the feite of a house, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to any and to place, lay, and deposit any such earth, clay, (sod, Hones, or other materials upon any lands or grounds or lying near to the said intended cuts or drains, j works, and ailo to do and perform all such other works, ters, and things as the said commissioners of sewers, or or more of them, shall, from time to time, think necessary for carrying the purposes of this act into tion.

IV And be it further enacted, That the said comi of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall, and are thorized and required, to make such recompense and tion to the owners or proprietors of the several lands and

ascertained by (not being commons or waste grounds) through, over, <

arbitrators

which the said cuts or drains, and other works before i ed, shall be made, or in or upon which any materials i gotten, digged, taken, or carried away, or shall be laid 4 posited as aforesaid, or which shall be otherwise prejudic damaged by or in consequence of the said drains and works before mentioned, for the loss or damage which - occasioned thereby, as shall be ascertained and determir two disinterested perfoos, to be named and appointed arb* for that purpose, one by the said commissioners of any six or more of them, at a court of sewers to be hold that purpose, and the other by the respective owners 01 prietors of such lands or grounds; and the said arbitrators! and are hereby authorised gnd required, by such ways 1 means as they shall think proper, to ascertain and dete the recompense and satisfaction to be made to such own If arbitrators proprietors as aforesaid; in case the said arbitrators (hath

cannot agree, agree in opinion touching any such recompense and satisfi

they are to appoint an umpire.

as aforesaid, then the said arbitrators shall and are hereby 1 ed, before the expiration of three calendar months next they shall have been named and appointed as aforesaid, to( minate and appoint some disinterested person to act as uiofj between them; which umpire shall and is hereby required, { such ways and means as lie shall think proper, to ascertain si y detcrmii

Anno vitfesimo feptiino georgji III C 53; 273

detennine the recompense and satisfaflion concerning which stich arbitrators shall not agree in opinion as aforesaid; and the arbitrators or umpire making any fitch determination as aforesaid, shall and is and are hereby required, within three calendar months next after being named and appointed as aforesaid, to inake an award concerning the premises, by writing under his or their hand or hands, and to deliver the same to the clerk of the said commissioners, and also to deliver a duplicate thereof, signed by him or them, to the person or persons to whom such recompense and fatlfaction is directed to be made as aforesaid.

V Provided nevertheless. That if any such arbitrators or On default of umpire shall not make and deliver his or their award and dupli arbitrators or cate within the time herein before directed for making and de rifffosummon livering the same, or in case the said commissioners, at any court a jury, to be held after such loss or damage shall have happened, or the said respective owners, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to name or appoint such arbitrators on their respective parts, on being thereunto required, then the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and required, to issue a warrant, under their hands and seals, to the sheriff of the county wherein the lands or grounds which shall have been so damaged as aforesaid are fltuate, requiring him to impanel, fpmmon, and return a jury; and the said he xiff is hereby required to impanel, summon, and return a jury of twenty-four honed and indifferent men, qualified to try ifliies joined in his majesty's courts at Westminster, to appear before the said commissioners, or any six or more of them, at such time and place as in such warrant shall be appointed, not being less than twenty-one days after such warrant shall be served; and out of the persons so impanelied, summoned, and returned, the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them,

shall cause twelve to be drawn by bailot, who shall be the jury for the purpose aforesaid; and the parties interested shall have Jurors may be their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen, when challenged, they come to be sworn and if, by meajis of the said challenges, or other cause, there shall happen novlo be a sufficient number of the persons so impanelied, summoned, and returned, to make & jury of twelve, then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them, and they are hereby required to add a ful^pient number of such honest and indifferent men as shall happen to be present (and who shall also be liable to be fet aside, upon the lawful challenges of the said parties) to the persons so drawn by ballot as aforesaid, until they have made up the number twelve; which jury, upon their oaths, to be administered by the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them (who are hereby empowered to administer an oath to them for that purpose) shall, by writing under their hands, ascertain and determine the recompense and satisfaction to be made to the person or persons who shall have sustained any loss or damage as aforesaid;

274. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 53. [1787.

for the better ascertaining thereof, all and every witness or wit nefle$ who shall be produced to be examined for that purpose shall be examined on oath before the said jury, and it shall be lawful for the said commissioners of sewers, or any six of them, and they are hereby empowered to administer an oath to such witness or witnesses for that purpose; and every such award and determination as aforesaid shall be final, binding, and condufive unto and upon all and every the parties interested; and the recompense and latisfaction, to be ascertained and determined as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them, within six calendar months next after the same shall be ascertained and determined as aforesaid; which recompense and satisfaction, to be made in respect of such lands or grounds (if any) as belong to anybody politic or corporate, or are held in trust for any person or persons, shall be paid to such person or persons as the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall think proper, in trust to be, with all convenient speed, inverted in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to the like uses, trusts, and limitations, as the lands or grounds, in respect whereof such recompense and satisfaction shall become payable, shall be respectively settled or limited; and that / the lands or grounds which shall be slaked or set out for making the said new cuts or drains, or other works aforesaid, shall, from and after the same shall be so slaked or set out, be, and the same are hereby vested in the said participants, their heirs and assigns, for ever.

Recompense VI And be it further enacted. That the said commissioners to be made of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall, and are hereby auto commons. l*10r'ze^ anc squired to pay such sum or sums of money, as a recompense and satisfaction for the damage which shall be done to any commons or waste grounds, by making any of the said cuts or drains, and for the vailue of so much of the said commons or warte grounds as shall be taken or used for the purpose of making the said cuts or drains, as shall be ascertained and determined by a jury in manner aforesaid, which money shall be paid into the hands of the expenditor to the said participants, and shall be applied in making drains and other works for draining the said commons or waste grounds, in such manner as the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall from time to time direct and appoint.

VII And whereas it may be found expedient to erect an additional fluke upon the Keadby new river or drain, in the bank of the rivtr rower to Trent, in the parish of Keadby, in the county of Lincoln; be it diti^na?fluice t^iere^orc ena<^cd, That the said commissioners of sewers, or upon Keadby any f, X or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and liver. empowered, if they shall judge u proper or expedient, at the request of the major part in value of the said participants, assembled at a meeting to be held for that purpose, pursuant to notice to be given fourteen days at the lead before such meeting, in the newspaper, called The York Courant, and in some newspaper

*75

1787 ] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III 0.53#

paper published or circulated within the county of Lincoln 5 or at the request in writing, to which they shall subscribe, their names (after the afprcfaid works shall have been made and completed) of the majority of the owners in value of lands and grounds (giving the like notice of their intentions as is herein required from the participants) on the north and south Tides of the aforesaid drains, and on the north and south fides of the Keadby new drain, upon producing to the said commissioners of sewers, satisfactory evidence from two known, skilful, and experienced engineers or surveyors, one to be appointed by the said majority of owners in value, and the other by the majority in value of the said participants, that such additional sluice will be evidently necessary for the prevention of the overflowing of the lands and grounds of the several and respective owners on the north and south Tides of the drains intended to be continued and made in consequence of this act, and of the owners and proprietors of the lands and grounds lying on the north and south fides of the Keadby new drain, to cause a new additional <

lluice to be made upon the said Keadby new river or drain, in the bank of the said river Trent, near to the present sluice at Keadby aforesaid, the same to be made upon the lands of the said participants, and to be of such fixe and dimcnfions as the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall think proper and expedient, such additional sluice to have land doors, and the tops thereof to be of the same level with those of the present sluice at Keadby aforesaid.

VIII And, in order to raise money for defraying the charges and expmees of obtaining and passing this and carrying the pnrpofes thereof into execution, be it further enacted, That it shall he law Lands of the full for the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of par^icip£"l8 them, to a fiefs, rate, and charge the several lands and grounds she prrpo within the said level, belonging to the said participants, with fcs0f the act. such annual sum or sums of money as shall be sufficient for

paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the obtaining and passing of this act, and alfoof carrying the same into execution, in like manner as the said commissioners of sewers, or any of them, are authorised to assess, rate, or charge the same lands or grounds, for the support and preservation of the present works of drainage within the said level, and parts adjacent, so that such sum or Turns of money, foto be assessed, rated, and charged upon the said respective lands and grounds, or upon the respective owners or proprietors thereof, in pursuance of this act, as before mentioned, do and shall bear an equal proportion with the respective sums of money heretofore rated and charged upon or in respect of the same lands and grounds respectively, for the support and preservation of the present works of drainage within the said level, and parts adjacent.

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the rates Tenants to

or sums of money to be assessed, rated, and charged by the said pay the taxes, commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them, by virtue and dedudt of this act, shall be paid by the respective tenants or occupiersoftheirrents

T 2

of

2j6

fornrver fecu ritic8 not to be affetted.

Works to be

reoaired at the expense of the participants.

Far; C pants to ir.ahc good t'amages oc C Jlio' td by defect in the banks, canno

vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 53. [1787;

of the lands and grounds which shall be charged with the same, and such tenants or occupiers shall and may, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to retain and deduct the same out of the rents payable by them respectively to the owners or proprietors of such lands and grounds, and the said commissioners of sewers, or any six or more of them, shall have and exercise such and the like powers and remedies for recovering payment of the rates or sums of money foto be aflefied, rated, and charged by them as aforesaid, when the same shall be in arrear, as by the laws now in being relating to sewers are granted to the taid commissioners of sewers, or any of them, for the recovering the arrears of any taxes or rates of sewers.

X Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this act contained shall in anywise affecf, impeach, or lessen any right or priority of claim, which any person or persons whols or are entitled to the money borrowed for the purpose of draining and preserving the said level, and parts adjacent, on the security of the lands and grounds belonging to, or held by or in trust for, the participants of the said level, now hath or have upon such lands and grounds, in respect of the money so borrowed and advanced, and the interest thereof, but that such lands and grounds shall, in the first place, be subjedf and liable to the payment of such mortey, and the interest for the same, anything in this act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XI And'be it further enacted, That when the said new cuts or drains, and other the works herein before diredfed to be made and done, shall be made and perfected, the same shall for evet afterwards be cleansed, scoured, repaired, and supported, under the control, direction, and jurisdiction of the commissioners of sewers for the said level, and parts adjacent, by and at the expense of the said participants, in like manner as the other works of drainage within the said level are or ought to be cleansed, scoured, repaired, and supported.

XII And be it further enacted, That in case of any defect or

deficiency in the said banks, drains, sluices, or other works, or r.egledt in scouring the said drains and outfalls, and the said participants shall refuse or neglect to repair the said banks, drains, sluices, and other works, and scour and open the said outfalls, or any of them, within a reasonable time afrer notice in writing to be given for that purpose, and delivered to their expenditor for the time being, or left at his usual place of abode, then and in such case the said participants, their several and respective heirs and assigns, shall be answerable for any damage to arise to the lands and grounds of any person or persons, or to any crop or crops, stock or effects thereon, in conference of such defect or deficiehcy in the said banks, drains, sluices, or other works, or neglect to scour and open the said outfalls, the same to be recovered by action in any of his majesty's courts at ivcftminfitr, notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary; and that for this purpose only the said

i7$7-] Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 53. 277

said participants may, after the completion of the several works hereinbefore directed, be sued and impleacted, by and in the name of The Participants of the Level of Hatfield Chase, and Parts adjaunty in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham \ and that such name or description shall be of the same effect and avail, to all intents and purposes, as if the said participants had been described in such action or actions by their respective proper personal names and additions, or descriptions; and that process issuing out of any of his majesty's courts of law or equity against the said participants shall and may beferved upon the expenditor for the time being employed by and under the said participants, and that the same shall be deemed and taken to be good and lawful service upon the said participants.

XIII And be it further enacted, That no ad, order, or pro No act of the ceeding of the said commissioners of sewers, or any of them, in commi(fion the execution of this act, shall be valid, unless made or done at Jj a court of sewers to be held for the said level, or parts adja done at a cent; and all orders and proceedings of the said commissioners court of few of sewers, made in pursuance of this act, shall be entered in the ers? and Pr book of records of the court of sewers for the said level, and cmemtin0^ parts adjacent; and such orders and proceedings, when entered, books of recall be deemed and taken to be original orders and proceed cords of few ings, and shall and may be produced and read in evidence in cr8* all cases of appeals, suits, actions, or other proceedings, touching anything which shall be done in pursuance of this act.

XV And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Owners of the owners or proprietors of, or persons interested in, any com mons or waste lands through which any new cut or drain shall drains be made by virtue of this act, to make any drain or drains in or to communi through the same, for the drainage thereof, to communicate cate with the with such new cut or drain, and for that purpose to build and ncw drams ered such doughs, tunnels, and (luices in the bank of such new drain as they shall think proper, but so as not to impede or obstruct the drainage hereby intended, or to prejudice or damage the banks of any such new cut or drajn, or any other of the works hereby directed to be made.

XV And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for Proprietors of the owners or proprietors of, or persons interested in, any lands j*ntj9

in dlthorpe or Keadby, lying adjacent to the said north and south m°ypmake* rivers, and of any lands on the north or south fides of the Keadby drains drain, at any time or times hereafter to make any drain or drains through the into or through the banks of the said rivers, or either of them, banks of the or of the Keadby drairs, and also to build, ered, or place, in or othvrworks upon such banks, or either of them, or upon any ground near for draining or adjoining thereto, such doughs, (luices, tunnels, or other their lands, engines for draining, as they shall think proper, but so as not to impede or obstruct the drainage hereby intended, or to prejudice or damage the banks of the said rivers, or either of them, or of the said Keadby drain.

XVI And be it further enacted, That no owner or occupier Noprrfons to of any lands and grounds, or any other person or persons, shall the bar

278 Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 54, 55. [1787.

obstruct the use either of the banks which shall be made on the fides of any drainage. Gf the said new cuts or drains, as a road or way, or otherwise prejudice or damage the same, or make any dams, or cause any obstructions within any of the said new cuts or drains, or io any other manner hinder, obstruct, or impede the free course and passage of the water along the same.

Lands in Ga XVII Provided always, and be it further enabled. That it dmtacks may shall be lawful for the respective owners or proprietors of the throush^he ans anc grounds lying in a place called The Gadintach, within tunnel, at the said level, to drain such lands and grounds, either through tunnel pit, or by means of a tunnel of the same dimensions as the present or the new tunnel, to be laid under the said new cut or drain, or to drain into cut the said new cut or drain to be made to the said drain, called

The New Idle, as aforesaid, as to them shall seem proper. Limitation of XVIII And be it further enacted. That if any action, suit actions. or information shall be brought against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance or execution of the powers by this act given, every such action, suit, or information, shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards, and the person or persons so General issue. sue or prosecuted shall or may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, without specially pleading the same, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by virtue of this act, and if in replevin may justify and avow by virtue of this act, as persons acting by authority of commissioners of sewers are enabled to do.

public ad. XIX And be it further enacted. That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public ad; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIV

An act to render effectual the purchase of a house, situate in the pariflt of Saint Luke Cheisea, in the county of Middlesex, to be used aaa additional workhouse for the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of Westminster; and for other purposes.

Purchase of a house, C in the parish of St. Luke Cheisea, confirmed. Persons who have applied the poors rates towards the said purchase, are indemnified. Said house, CC to be deemed part of Saint george's parish. Compensation to be made to the parish of St. Luke, C yearly; to the parish 61. ijs. 4d. and to the rector 3i. 3s. When the said house shall cease to be used as a workhouse for St. george's, the annual payments to cease. Inhabitants of St. luke's parish indemnified from ail costs, C Public act.

CAP. LV

An act for altering and extending the line of the cut or canal authorised to be made and maintained by so much of several acts made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as authorises the making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the frith or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the county of Stirling, to the frith or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir flurnfoot, in the

county

m

17s7.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgia III C 56 — 60.

county of Dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; for deepening the said cut or canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said cut or canal.

See 8 Geo. 3. C 63. XI Geo. 3. C 6a. 13 Geo. 3. C 104. and 14 Geo. 3. C 59.

CAP. LVI

An act for enabling the magi ft rates and town council of Paisley to improve the navigation of the river Cart, and to make a navigable cut or canal across the turnpike road leading from Glasgow to Greenock.

CAP. LVII

An act for continuing and amending several afta, made in the third year of the reign of King George the First, the tenth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale or beer that ball be vended or sold within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty on the tonnage of hipping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and out of the port of the said town, for the better repairing of the said harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the ft recti, and other pubhek places, within the said town, and widening the streets where necessary, and removing and preventing nuisances therein.

See9Geo. 1. C 6. zo Geo. a. C 7. and a Geo. 3. C S5

CAP. LVIII

An act for vetting the feite, buildings, and other the premises belonging to the old gaol or prison of the county of Sussex, in trustees, for the purpose of conveying the same to the right honourable Frances vif cosntefs Irwin, and her heirs; and to declare the new gaol or prison lately built, to be the common gaol for the said county.

On payment of aol. by lady Irwin.

CAP LIX

An act for making and declaring the gaol for the county of Devon, called the High Gaol, a public and common eaol; and for discharging Denys Roll and John Roll, csquires, and their respective heirs and assign3 from the office of keeper of the said gaol; and for improving and enlarging the same, or building a new one; and also for taking down the chapel in the cattle of Exeter; and for other purpo _ let therein mentioned.

Denys and John Roll and the manor of Bifton discharged on payment

of i, oool.

CAP. LX

An act for building a new gaol, and providing a proper prison for debtors, and house of correction for the several boroughs, towns

, corporate, liberties, franchises, and all other places, within the county of Stafford; and for regulating the same rel'peftively.

T 4 CAP

a8o

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III CI [1787. CAP. LXI

An act for taking down the guild ball or town ball in the borough of Grantham, in the county 0/* Lincoln, and rebuilding the same.

Preamble. W PEREAS the Joke of Grantham, in the county of Liny V coin, is an extensive liberty, including the several towns and. parishes herein after mentioned, in a dijbift of several miles, (that is to say), Grantham, Great Gonerby, Great Ponton, Easton, South Stoke, Colfterworth cum Woolfthorpe, Harlaxton, Denton, Belton, Barkfton, Manthorpe, Londonthorpe, Braceby, end Sapperton: and whereas there is a guild hall or townhall within the said borough, in which the justices of the peace for the said borough and soke have immemorially held sessions of the peace for the said borough and soke when need required, and in the said building is a session or courthouse for that purpose, and likewise rooms adjoining for the use of the said justices, and the juries, and certain apartments for the refedence of a gaoler, and also a gaol for the confinement of prisoners: whereas the whole of the said building is very ancient, and the room wherein the said sessions are held, and the said gaol in .particular, are in Jucha slate of decay, and so incapable of being repaired, that it is judged quite necessary to rebuild the same: and whereas the inhabitants of the said soke of Grantham have been ufei immemorially to defray the expense of repairing the said guild kali er townhall; but a fund sufficient for the expense of rebuilding the same cannot be raised without the ajjifiance of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au commission thority of the same. That all persons who now are, or hereafter ere. 1 shall be, justices of the peace for the said borough and soke of Grantham, shall be, and they are hereby constituted commissioners for taking down the guild hall or townhall, in the borough of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and rebuilding the same, and for executing such of the powers of this act as are herein after entrusted to them the said commissioners. Comminion II And be it further enacted, That the said com mi (Turners,rs meetings, or any seven or more of them, shall meet at the present townhall, in the borough aforesaid, on the Tuesday fortnight after the passing of this act, between the hours of ten in the forenoon and four in the afternoon of the same day, and proceed to the execution of this act 5 and the said commifltoners, or any seven or mocsjqf them, may then, and from time to time afterwards, adjsum themselves to meet, for putting this act in execution, arrhe said tovyn hall, until the same dial! be taken down, or at fuel other place within the said borough as the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper, and*after the said townhall shall be rebuilt and fit for use, do and

shall adjourn to, and from time to time hold their future meet I jng$ in the new townhall to be erected in the room of the present

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III c.6r.

sent townhall; and if at any of the said meetings the commissioners present shall omit or neglect to adjourn such meeting to another day, or if there shall not appear a sufficient number of commillioners to adjourn, then, and in every such case, every such meeting or intended meeting (lull be and is hereby adjourned to the day three weeks next after the day on which such meeting was held, or such in.ended meeting was appointed to be held, and so from three weeks to three weeks till a sufficient number of the said commissioners do or shall meet and adjourn, and six days public notice of every such adjournment shall be given by the clerk to the said commissioners as herein after mentioned; and at any meeting of the said commissioners, no business shall be begun or proceeded upon before the hour of Ten in the forenoon, nor shall any adjournment be made to any later hour than four in the afternoon; and the commissioners To pay their at all their meetings shall defray their own expenses. ownexpcncct.

III And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, At yearly or any seven or more of them, shall and they are hereby re meetings to quired to meet at the place or places aforesaid, on the Monday

in Easter week yearly, which shall be called a General Meeting 0/ the said commi/jionersy and at all such general meetings the accounts of all moneys received and paid from time to time, by virtue and in execution of this act, by any person or persons whomsoever, shall be produced, dated, examined, settled, and verified on the oath or oaths of tl\e person or persons accounting for the same, if such oath or oaths shall be required by the majority of the commissioners at such meeting present; which oath the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer.

IV And be it further enacted, That in all cases where notice How notice is by this act directed to be given of any meeting of the said of meeting commissioners, or of anything to be done by the said commis shall be give, fioners, or any of them, in execution of any of the powers hereby

granted, such notice shall be in writing, and signed by the clerk to the said commissioners, or by any one or more of the said Commissioners, and fixed upon the cross in the market place of, or other public and conspicuous place in, Grantham aforesaid, on some market day at lead ten days before such intended meeting, except in such cases wherein a different time is hereby directed for such notice to be given, and then for the time so directed; and that in every such notice the time of meeting of the said commissioners, and the particular business or thing intended to be transadfed or done thereat, shall be mentioned or set forth.

V And be it further enacted, That at every meeting of the A chairman commissioders inpurfuance of this act, the commissioners then to.be present, or a majority of them, shall name and appoint, or

' otherwise elect by bailot, a chairman or president of such meet jng. ing, and all questions proposed or agitated at every such meeting shall be determined by a majority of the commissioners then present; and in case of an equal number of voices or votes f ^hv" thc°

carting vote.

£82

All proceedings to be at meetings pursuant to this act;

method of altering them,

For anpoint ing officers.

Officers to account.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 6r. [1787.

the commissioners so assembled upon any such question, including the voice or vote of the said chairman or president, then the chairman or president shall have the calling and decisive voice or vote.

VI And be it further enacted, That all acts, orders, relblu tions, determinations, and proceedings, of the said cotnmif fioners, or any seven or more of them, in execution of any of the powers hereby granted, shall be made and signed, by the commiltioners making the same, at their meetings to be held in pursuance of this act, and not otherwise; and that no act, order,

resolution, determination, or proceeding of the said commissioners, so made and (igned as aforesaid, shall afterwards be altered, revoked, repealed, or fet aside by any subsequent ad, resolution, proceeding, or order of the commissioners, unless the number of commiltioners desiring or voting for such aiteration, revocation, or repeal, shall be greater than the number of commissioners who concurred in making such ad, order, resolution, determination, or proceeding.

VII And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time to appoint (it and proper persons to be collectors and receivers of the rates and afteflments by this act authorised to becolleded as herein after mentioned, and also a proper person or persons to be clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers, and such other officer or officers, and persons, as the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper for carrying this act into execution; and shall and are hereby required to take such security as they shall think proper from every such treasurer, for the due execution of his office; and such collectors and receivers, clerks, treasurers, and other officers and persons, or any of them, from time to time to remove or displace, and to appoint others in the rooms and places of such of them as shall be so removed or displaced, or who shall die, six days public notice of the time and place of meeting for every such appointment br removal being given, as herein before mentioned; and the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, and are hereby authorised and empowered, out of the moneys which shall arise by virtue of this act, to allow and pay to such collectors or*receivers, clerks, treasurers, and other officers and persons to be employed as aforesaid, such salaries, rewards, wages, and allowances, for their attendance, care, and service, as to the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

VIII And be it further enacted. That all and every the collectors, receivers, clerks, treasurers, and other officers who shall be appointed as aforesaid, and all and every other person and persons who shall have received any of the moneys to be raised, collected, or received for the purposes or by virtue of this act, and his, her, and their respective executors and administrators, shall from time to time, and as often as he, (he, or they shall be thereto ordered or required by the said commissioners, or any

_ fevea

1787 ] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 61.

seven or more of them, render and give to the said commission erc, or any seven or more of them, full, true, and fair accounts in writing of all the moneys which shall have been by them respectively, or by their respective testators or inteftaies, had, collected, or received, and how, to whom, and for what purpose, such moneys, and every part thereof, shall have been paid, together with the proper receipts and vouchers for such payments $ and they shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such moneys as, upon the balance of such accounts, shall appear to be in their respective hands, to such person or persons, and at such times, as they the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint; and that all and every the said officers and persons so accounting shall, upon their several oaths, if such oaths shall be required by a majority of the commissioners assembled at their meeting to be held for that purpose (which oaths the fahd commissioners, or any one or more of them, are and is hereby authorised and required to administer) verify their said accounts, and the particular items and articles thereof, and the several receipts and payments which shall be therein contained; and if any of the said officers or persons shall refuse or neglect so render or give such account or accounts as aforesaid, or to produce or deliver up to the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, the receipts and vouchers relating to the same, or to verify the items or articles thereof upon oath, if such oath shall be required as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to pay all such money as upon the balance of any account or accounts shall appear to be in their respective hands, to such person or persons as the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint to receive the same as aforesaid, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may and are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the names of the said commissioners, or any seven or mofe of them, or in the name of the clerk to the said commissioners, against the officer or officers, person or persons respectively, who shall so neglect or refuse as aforesaid, or if complaint shall be made by the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, of any such refusal or neglect as aforesaid, to any justice of the peace for the said borough, such justice may and is hereby authorised and required to summon the officer or officers, person or persons, so refuting or neglecting, to appear before him, at a time and place in such (ummons to be mentioned, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing (the service of such summons being proved by the oath of one credible witness, which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer) to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a futn mary way, and to settle the said account or accounts, if produced, in such manner as the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, by virtue of this atft might have done; and if, upon the confession of the officer or officers, person or persons against whom such complaint or complaints shall be made, or

The guild hall or townhall to be taken down and rebuilt.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii 111. CI [1787.

by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnefies (which oath or oaths such justice is hereby empowered toadmi nifter) it shall appear to such justice that any of the moneys, which shall have been collected or received by virtue of or for the purposes of this at, shall be in the hands of such officer or J officers, person or persons, such justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, upon nonpayment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons respectively, and if sufficient goods and chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons, cannot be found to answer and satisfy the said money, and the charges of 1 levying and raising the same, or if such officer or officers, peri son or persons shall not appear before the said justice at the time and place by him appointed in'such summons, or, if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to deliver to the said justice such account or accounts of the receipts and payments as aforesaid, or to produce or deliver up to the said justice the several receipts and vouchers relating to such accounts respectively, and to verify 1 the same, and the items and articles thereof, upon oath as aforesaid, if required as aforesaid, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, the said justice may, and is hereby authorised and rquired, by warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cause such officer or officers, person or persons, to be committed to-the prison for the said borough and soke, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until be or they shall have delivered and settled his or their respective accounts, and verified the items and articles thereof upon oath, if required as aforesaid, and shall have produced and delivered. up the receipts and vouchers relating to such accounts respectively, and shall have paid all moneys which shall appear to be in his or their respective hands, and the reasonable charges attending the recovery thereof, or shall have compounded with the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for the same; which said compositions and moneys the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to make and receive.

IX And be it further' enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to cause to be taken down the present guild hall or townhall in the said borough, and the buildings thereto belonging, and to eredfc and build, or cause to be erected and built, on the ground whereon the same (land, or on Tome part or parts thereof, and the ground thereto adjoining and belonging, or on some part or parts thereof, a new guild hall or townhall, with a session or courthouse, and rooms and apartments for the use of the said justices, and the juries attending the sessions from time to time to be held for the said borough and soke, and for the residence of a gaoler, and for the transacting the business of the said justices, and also a gaol for the confinement of prisoners and debtors, in such manner as the said commissioners,

missioner, or any seven or more of them, shall adjudge requisite for rendering the said gaol more secure and commodious, and bed calculated to answer the rcfpellive purposes of this all.

X Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing No proceed in this all contained shall extend to authorise the said commis ingstobe had ficners to begin to build such new guild hall or townhall, fef te pro lion or courthouse, rooms or apartments, or gaol, or sit up or ^uccd. P provide the same with necessary accommodations, until a proper

plan for such new guild hall, or townhall, session or courthouse, rooms or apartments, and gaol, and an exalt estimate of the expense of taking down, new building, and sitting up, and providing the same with necessary accommodations, shall have been first formed, nor unless such plan and estimate shall have been agreed to by a majority of the said commissioners, at some general meeting or meetings to be particularly called for that purpose, of which meeting and meetings, and of the subjeli matter thereof, eight days notice at the lead shall be given, in manner herein before di relied, nor until an agreement or agreements shall have been entered into by one or more able and experienced workman or workmen, with two sufficient securities on his cr their behalf, for the due execution of the said plan, at the price or sum of money mentioned in such estimate as aforesaid, under the inspection of a surveyor or surveyors to be appointed by the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, assembled at such meeting or meetings for that purpose.

XI And be it further enacted and declared by the authority impowering aforesaid. That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or the commit' any seven or more of them, to make such contrail or contrails, fionerstocon and in such manner as they shall think proper, with any person cu^e°th<fc or persons whomsoever, for and towards the taking down and work. rebuilding the said guild hall or townhall, and all other works

and business to be done in executing the purposes of this all, vrhich contrail or contrails shall be signed by the clerk of the said commissioners, or his deputy, by the order of any seven or more of them, and also by the person or persons so refpellively contrafling, and shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the clerk of the said commissioners, or his deputy; but previous to the making any such contrail or contrails ten days notice at the lead shall be given in manner herein before direlled, expressing the nature of such contrails, in order that any person or persons may have an opportunity of sending proposals under seal to the said commissioners clerk, or his deputy, or of making such proposals, at a certain time and place in such notice to be mentioned; and the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, so assembled as aforesaid, (half take such security for the performance of any contrail or contrails for the purposes aforesaid, as to the said commissioners shall seem necessary; that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby direhed to cause all and every the works to be done in pursuance of this a St to be infpelled by a surveyor, or such other fkiiful person or

*. persons

?86

That actions shall not abate on the death of the clerk,

Impowering the commii iioners to appoint committees.

For punishing persons ob ftruaing the work.

Ahno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 61. [1787;

persons as they shall from time to time appoint, and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the true intent and meaning of such contract or contrasts»be entered into in that behalf, or shall not be finiffiedor completed at or within the time or time that the same is or are agreed to be completed, such surveyor or other person or persons shall report the same to the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at the next or any subsequent meeting who shall and may, in the name of their clerk, or his deputy for the time being, bring an action of debt or upon the case, in any of his Majesty's courts of law at Westminster, again any person or persons so contracting, and neglecting 16 perform the same in the manner or in the time set forth in any such contract, for any penalty or penalties which shall be contained in any such contract or security, or for any breach of covenants or agreements therein respectively to be contained, and on proving the signing the same, and nonperformance thereof, the said clerk or his deputy shall be entitled to, and shall recover such penalty or penalties, and which, when recovered, shall be applied for the purposes of this act, and all the necessary costs and charges to be incurred in or about the carrying on such respective affions and proceedings, or any of them, shall be paid out of the moneys assessed, raised, and levied for the purposes of this act.

XII Provided always, and be it enacted, That no adiefnor proceedings shall abate or be discontinued upon the death or removal of such clerk, or his deputy, but be carried on in the name of his fucceflbr, or his deputy.

XIII And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or any seven or mttre of them, may, if they think fit, nominate and appoint one or more committee or committees, and every such committee so appointed shall superintend, regulate, and control fpeh artificers, officers, and workmen, as shall be employed by the said commissioners, and shall see to the due per.. of such contracts and agreements as may be entered into for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, and all orders and instructions signed by the majority of any such committee, provided they do not exceed the limits of the orders of the commissioners at large, shall be binding on such artificers, officers, and workmen.

XIV And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully and maliciously obstruct the erecting, building, or repairing the said guild hall or townhall, gaol, or other buildings hereby directed to be built, or wilfully or maliciously pull down, damage, or destroy the same, or any part thereof, every person so offending, and being lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall'be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cases of felony, and the court by and before whom any such person shall be tried and conviffed shall have power and authority to cause such person to be punched in like maimer as felons are directed to be punished by the laws and statutes of this realm; and the said commissioners,

or

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 6t. 287

or any seven or more of them, are hereby impowered to prefer, or cause to be preferred, any bill or bills of indictment against any person or persons whatsoever whom they shall have cause to prosecute.

XV And be it further enacted, That all timber, stone, Materials not bricks, dates, or tiles, and other materials, to be made use of, of^ontras^ or which shall be collected to be made use of, by the order of 0rs to be vest the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, for builded inthecom ing and completing the said guild hall or townhall, or other nuifioners. building or work carrying on for the purposes of this act, and

which may not be the immediate property of any agent or agents of the said commissioners, or persons contracting with them, shall be vested in the said commissioners, and they, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and im powered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name of their clerk, or his deputy, or to prefer, or cause to be preferred, any bill or bills of indictment against any person or persons who shall steal, take, or damage, any such materials, or disturb them in the possession thereof.

XVI And, for the purpose of taking down the said guild hall or town holly and for the fretting, completing, and fimshing a new guild hull or tnvn ball, session or courthouse, and other buildings as afore said,

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be For raising lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, money by a and they are hereby required, once in every year, to assess, by a rate separate rate or assessment, such sum and sums of money as shall not exceed in the. whole, in any one year, the sum of threepence in the pound upon the several owners, tenants, or occupiers of all houses, buildings, and lands within the said borough and soke, which rate or assessment shall be laid and collected upon and from the several and respective towns and hamlets within the said soke, in such and the same manner and proportion as the rates or affeflments for the purpose of passing vagrants, and repairing the said guild hall and townhall, commonly called The Vagrant assessment, now are, and for several years last past have been laid upon and collected from each such town and hamlet, and in no higher proportion 5 and the first year for which such rate and assessment shall be made shall commence at and be computed from the first meeting for putting this act in exteu tion, or from such time after passing the same, as the said com tniffioners, or any seven or more of them, shall at such or any subsequent meeting order, director appoint; and the moneys to be so rated and assessed shall from time to time be paid to the Tespective collectors or receivers to be appointed as aforesaid, or to the officer or officers employed, from time to time, in collecting the vagrant assessment within each town and hamlet within the said soke, as the commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper, and be by such collectors or receivers, officer or officers respectively, paid over into the hands of such person or persons, and at such time, as the said commis a fioners.

288 Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 61. f 1787.

fioners, or any seven or more of them, shall order, dire, orj appoint.

XVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid*of That in case any person or persons so rated, charged, or iffefid| recovery. as af0resaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such rate or

assessments for the space of ten days after personal demand made, or demand in writing, under the hand or hands of the said col, ledtor or collectors, officer or officers, left at the dwelling house or last place of abode of such peifon or persons so refusing or, neglecting to pay as aforesaid, then, upon due proof on oath, ( before one or more justice or jufliccs of the peace for the said. borough and soke (which oath he or they is or are hereby inn? powered to administer) of any such demand and nonpayment such justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby author raid; and required, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seats, to authorise and direct the said collector on cplledtors, officer or officers retyedtively, to levy such rates or moneys as soon as may be, by distress and fate of the goods andf chattels of every such person and persons so refusing or neglect j ing to pay as aforesaid, where such goods and chattels can be found, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners'of such goods and chattels on demand, after dedudting the colts

and charges, to be ascertained by such justice or justices, an tending such distress and sale.

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Prrfons ag authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall think ?Sribya - himself herfejf, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or

ap" went which shall be made or laid in pursuance of this act, suck, person or persons may appeal to the said commissioners assembled

at any meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, withic twenty days next after demand made of such rate or assessment but if no meeting shall be held within such time, then at they first meeting which shall be held in pursuance of this act, aft the expiration of the said twenty days \ and the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at such meeting assembled, are hereby authorised and empowered, if they shall thin such person or persons aggrieved, to give such relief in the pre mises as to them shall seem reasonable and the determinatkx therein of the said commissioners, or the major part of them, a such meeting, shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

XIX Andy for the more fptedily raising a fund for the purpofi Rates may be of this at, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful forth mortgaged, fjjj commisioners, or any seven or more of them, at their firi

or any subsequent meeting to be held inp urfuance of this act, t borrow and take up, on the credit of the rates and ai&i ments to be laid by virtue of this act upon the owners or occupiers of houses and lands within the said borough and soke, i specific or separate sums, not less than fifty pounds, or mor than one hundred pounds each, at legal or lower interest, a they the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them

Ilia

289

1787.] Anho vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 61.

fhafl think fit, so as the irioney to be t'aifed for the purposes of taking down the present guild hall or town halt, and erecting, completing, and fioishing a new guild hall or townhall, session or Courthouse, and other buildings as aforesaid, and all other expenses of the said commissioners in putting tins act in execution, do not exceed in the whole the sum of one thousand pounds; and for securing all and every such sum and sums of money so borrowed, the said commiuioners, or any feveiv or more of them, may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, by any writing or writings under their hands and seals, to mortgage, demise, grant, or assign the said rates and afleft tnents, or any part or parts thereof, (the charges of such mortgages, demises, grants, or afligmnents, to be paid for thereout), to any person or persons, as a security or securities for the money which shall be so borrowed, and the interest thereof; and copies of all such mortgages, demises, or alignments, shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the said commissioners; but no money shall be borrowed by virtue of this act, after the said first meeting of the said commissioners, unless fourteen days public notice of the meeting or the borrowing of such money shall be given, as herein before diredlcd.

XX And be it further enacted, That all persons to whom Mortgagees such mortgages, demises, grants, or assignments shall be made, to becredi shall be, in proportion to the sum or sums therein respectively j°r8*nc<jual mentioned creditors on the said rates and a(te(tments foto be C mortgaged as aforesaid, in equal degree one with another, and shall not have any preference with respect to the priority of advancing any (bch moneys, or the dates of their respective mort

XI And be it further enacted, That the form of every af figriment to be made by virtue of this act, as a security foj any 4 sum or sums of motley to be borrowed on the credit thereof, shall be in the words following, or in any other words to that purpose; '(that is to say).

By virtue of an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign Form of af of his majesty King George the Thirds for taking down the fignment. guild hall or. towh hall in the borough of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and rebuilding the same, we even of the cmmijfioners appointed by and in pursuance of the said afly in consideration of the sum of advanced and lent by

A. B. upon the credit and for the purposes of the said do grants bargain, felly and demise unto the said A. 8. his executors, admini flratorsy and afftgnsy such proportion of the rates and moneys arising bj virtue of the said act as the said sum of doth

trjfal! bear to the whole sum which may at any time be borrowed or become dm and owing or charged upon the credit of the said afi, to be bad and held from tbit day of in

the jear of our Lord until the said

[am of with inter eji for the same, after

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 6r. [1787.

the rate of per centum per annum, Shall be repoid

and fan fed.

And all and every person or persons to whom any such assignment or assignments shall be made, by the said commissioners, or any (even or more of them, shall be equally entitled tohii or their proportion of the said rates and moneys, according to their respective sums in such assignments mentioned to be advanced, to secure the repayment thereof, with such interest as therein specified, without any preference by reason of priority of assignment, or any other matter whatsoever; and entries or memoranda of every such assignment, containing the dates, names of the parties, and sums borrowed, shall be made in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the said commissioners, and which shall and may be infpe&cd at all seasonable times by all persons whomsoever, without fee or reward; and all and every person or persons to whom any such assignment or assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the money thereby secured, may from time to time transfer or assign over his, her, or their right, title, and interest to the principal and interest money thereby secured, to any person or persons whomsoever, by endorsement on the back of such security, or other writing to be annexed thereto, signed*two or more credible witnesses, in the words fallowing, or to the like efsect: '

Formoftranr T Do transfer this [or the annexed] alignment, with all my rifo fcr# X and title to the principal money hereby [or thereby ] fecund, ani

all the interest now due and to become due for the same, to C D. his executors, administrators, and ajfxgns. Dated this day if

jvitnefs E. F. A. B.

G. H.

Which said transfer or assignment shall be produced and notified to the clerk to the said commissioners for the time being, who shall register and enter the same in the said book or books | to be kept for entering the said original assignment, fordoing whereof he shall be paid two Shillings and (ixpence, by the pet son requesting the same; and after such entt7 thereof made, and not till then, every such transfer shall entitle such assignee, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and such assignees may in like manner transfer and assign again, and so toties queries, such transfer being entered and paid for as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the power of such person or persons, who shall have made such assignment or transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any money due thereon.

Time to be XXII Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the limited rr said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make paying oit the provision by means of the rates which they are hereby authorised

to

290

Securities may be transferred.

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C ti 29c

to make, and by their orders and directions, which they are wooer bor hereby authorised to give, in such manner that the whole money row to be borrowed under the authority of this act shall be fully paid and discharged within a time to be limited, not exceeding twenty six years from the time of borrowing the same.

XXIII And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful Prisoners to for the said justices to remove such felons, debtors, and other

prisoners as may happen to be confined in the said gaol or pri cojrca!0n

(on at the time of taking down the present guild hall or town in the mean hall, to the house of correction belonging to the said borough time, and soke, or such other place or places of confinement as the said justices shall approve, and to confine them there during the time the new guild hall or townhall, and gaol, shall be building and made fit for use, and also during such time to commit to and confine in the said house of corrcaion, or other place or places of confinement as the said justices can procure, such per fonor persons as shall be charged with felonies or misdemeanours committed within the said borough or soke, and also during such time to bold their sessions, and other courts or meetings Sessions and for the transacting of business relating to the said borough and courts may soke, at such place or places, within the said borough, as the said justices can procure; and that when such gaol shall be place, made fit for the reception and safe keeping of such felons, debtors, and other prisoners, it shall be lawful fijr the said justices to remove thither all such felons, debtors, and other prisoners as shall then be in their custody, and such removal and removals as aforesaid shall not be deemed or taken to be an escape; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge the said justices, or their gaoler, from being answerable for the actual escape of any prisoner in their custody; and also when the new guild hall or townhall, sessions or courthouse, and other rooms, shall be ercfted as aforesaid, and made fit for use, it shall be lawful for the said justices to hold and enjoy the same, and keep the fef fioos of the peace for the said borough and soke, and courts and meetings for the transaaing of business relating to the said borough and soke, and for such other purposes as they shall think proper, in the same manner as they have held and enjoyed, and now hold and enjoy, the present guild hall or townhall of the said borough.

XXIV And be it further enacted, That all als and proceed Corporation ings, ministerial, judicial, or corporate, which shall be done in business done such place or places as the said justices shall think proper to ap or transacted point for the holding of their sessions of the, peace, or other

courts or meetings for the transacting of business relating to the new gujij said borough and soke, during the time the new guild hall or hall is build townhall shall be building, and until the same shall be made fit ine, deemed for use, shall be, to all intents and purposes, considered as legal va and valid as if the same had been done within the present guild ball or townhall in the said borough.

XXV And be it further enacted, That no aflion at law shall Limitation

U 2 be f aa, oni«

*9\

General issue.

Double costs.

Saving the rights of all persons interred in the present townhall and buildings.

puwick aft.

Anno vicesimo feptitpo Georgii III C 62. [1787.

be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for anything done or to be done by virtue df this act, until after twenty-one days notice thereof shall have been given to or left at the usual place of abode of the pdrfon or persons against whpm such action is Intended to be brought, thereby setting forth the particular cause of such action; or after tender of sufficient amends hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved; oc after three calendar months next after the factor cause of action shall have arisen; and every such action shall be brought and laid in the county of Lincoln, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in such action shall and may plead the general, issue, and give this a and the special matter In evidepce at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue and under the authority of this act: and if on tfye trial, of such action it shall appear to be so done, or that such action shall be brought before the expiration of such twenty-one days next after such notice shall have been given or left as aforefid, or after sufficient tender of amends shall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after the end of three calendar months next after the factor cause of such action shall bnr arisen, or if such action shall be brought br laid in any otbfc county than as aforesaid, then, and in every of the said calf the jury, on the trial of fpcli action or actions, shall find aver dist for the defendant or defendants therein; and in all ca where a verdict shall be found for any defendant or defendants, in such action, or the plaintiff or plaintiff's therein fh^hdifcosk tinue the same, after the defendant or defendants shall have an peared thereto, or shall be rionsuited, or if upon demuntf judgement shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and ih every such case the defendant or defendant in suchie; tion shall have double costs, and shall have the like remedy sir recovering the same as defendants have for recovering of their tofts in any other case by law.

XXVI Provided always, and be it further enacted. That vth thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or affect the rights of any person or peribos, bodies politic or corporate to the said building, or apartmeob' thereunto adjoining, but that the said rights shall continue in as full and ample a manner as if this act had not been mae; anything in this act contained to the contrary in anywise notwjth standing.

XXVII And be it further enacted, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public act and shall be. judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXII

An act for taking down and rebuilding the chapel of Hanley, in the county of Stafford; for veiling the nght Of nomination in trustoes, and for enlarging the chapel yard; and other purposes.

i7?7 j Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 63 — 65. 293

CAP. LXIII

An act for rebuilding the church of the parish of Saint Mary Wanftede alias Wanstead, in the county of Essex.

CAP. LXIV

An act for building a ne«r chapel upon Portsmouth Cotnraon, in the parish of Portsea, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LXV

in act for confirming a charter or letters patent granted by his ada jtly to the royal college and corporation of surgeons of the city of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a scheme for raising a fund for it provision for the widows and children of the members of the bid corporation and of their clerk, with certain aiterations; and for efiabljjbing the said scheme, and impowering the corporation, and the traftees and officers elehed for managing the fund, effectually to carry the said febetne into execution.

WHEREAS the members of the college and corporation Preamble.

surgeons of the city of Edinburgh having formed a scheme for rtjifing a fund for a provision to the widows and children of the members thereof and of their clerk, which was unanimously approved d in a general meeting of the said corporation held upon the eleventh oj^fjufy in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven,

Hi obtain from his Mdjefiy his royal charter or letters patent, under tpe feed appointed by the treaty of uttion to be kept and used in Scotland) in place of the great seal formerly used thert, bearing date the fourteenth of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fevkty eight, . whereby his Majesty did of new incorporate the then Recital of hia members of the said college and incorporation, and the persons who majesty's let should thereafter be legally admitted members thereof, into one body ter pent fmtk and (orporate, or Ugol intorporation^ration of

title and name of The Royal College of Surgeons of the City of surgeons in Edinburgh, with the usual privileges; and for effecting the said Edinburgh, charitable scheme of raising a fund for a provision for the widows dated March onichildren of the members of the said corporation and their clerk, i4*17784 Hi erdaht. That the persons who were members of the said corporation and college at the feafi or term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and whose dccession and desire to become contributors to the scheme for raising the said fund, was declared by writing under their bands before the term of Candlemas in the year one thousand seven hundred and sevenly eight, should make payment. to a colleger, to be named in manner after mentioned, of the sum cf foe pounds fierling each, with legal interefi from the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; and should ouotnale payment, as at the said term of Candlemas one thousand [even hundred and seventy eight, and at each fucceedtng term of Candlemas during their respective lives, of the like sum of five sounds fierling, with a fifth part more of penalty in case of failure, end the legal interest of the said respective sums from the aforesaid tfrrns of payment during the not payment: and that the persons who

294 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 65. [1787.

were members of the said corporation at the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and f rjenty f even and whose accejjton to the scheme was not declared by writing under their hands before the said term of Candlemas one thousand J'even hundred and fiventy c\gbt, Should be excluded the benefit thereof for ever: as also, That all persons who had been admitted members of the said corporation since the said term of Lammas one thousand fiven hundred and seventy fevm, or who Should be admitted after the date of the said charted JMU, in consequence of their admission, be held to accede to the scheme, and Should make payment of the sum of five pounds fierling at the first term of Candlemas after their rejpeflive admissions, and the Rkq sum at each succeeding term of Candlemas during their refpt&ive lives, with penalty and interest as aforesaid: and, in order mare effectually to secure payment of the refpthive sums or rates due by the Contributors, they Should sign and deliver such deed or deeds for that end as Should be judged valid and necessary by the corporation: and as by the scheme devised and agreed to by the said corporation, it uvs appointed. That over and above the sums to be annually paid by cm tributors as aforesaid, there Should be paid at the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, by the treefurtr of the corporation, to the collector of the scheme for the benefit thereofx the sum of twenty-five pounds fierling out of the funds of the corporation, and the like Jum of twenty jive pounds fierling at candlem&i one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and at each Juceeedu^ term of Candlemas: his Majesty, by his said royal charter, approved of the payments which bad been made, and authorised the said osmd payments out of the corporation funds, to be made in future agreeome to the preceding article: and in case at any time thereafter it appeared to the members of the corporation, at a general meeting, regularly summoned by a billet left at their respective houfts, at least two days previous to the meeting, that the funds of the corporation were more than sufficient in any one year to maintain their poor, to defray their other necessary expenses, and to pay the aforesaid sum of twenty-five pounds fierling, they Should appoint the treasurer to pay to the collector of the scheme such additional sum for that year as they Jhsuli judge proper, it being always underfiood, and expressly provided. That no order Should be issued for such additional payment, unless three fourths of the members were present: and his Majesty further oretained, That the then present clerk of the corporation Should have it in his option to become a contributor to the scheme, and to be entitled to the benefit thereof, upon the same terms with the members of the corporation who were admitted before the term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, but declaring. That no future clerk Should be entitled to that privilege, except with the approbation and special allowance of three fourths of the members of the corporation, contributors to the scheme, signified at a general meeting, and within one year after his admission. And his Majesty also oretained, That the contributors who were members oj the corporation at the term of Lammas w thousand J'even hundred and seventy even, and who Should survive the term of Candlemas one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and leave widows, and the contributors who hoi

been

1787-] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 65.

heea % or Should be admitted members of the corporation after the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventyseven, and who should survive the term of Candlemas, at which their fourth year's rate became due, and leave widows, such widows Should be entitled to annuities as follows; videlicet, to twelve pounds ten Billings jurlingi as an half year's annuity, at the term of Whitsunday immediately following the year in which their respective husbands died, and computed from the first January to the thirty first of December; and twenty-five pounds sterling as a full year's annuity, at each term of Whitsunday thereafter during life and their continuing unmarried; but in case of their death or marriage, the said annuity Should immediately ceafey and not be due for any term happening after either of these events: That the original and future contributors, who Should survive the refpetive terms abovementioned, and die widowers, leaving a child or children under sixteen years of age, such child or children Should, at the term of Whitsunday immediately following the year in which their respective fathers died, computing said year from the first of January to the thirty first of December, be entitled to receive one hundred pounds sterling, which sum Should be equally divided amongst them, if there were more than one child $ provided That if any of the original contributors Should hapten to die before the term Candlemas one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or any of the future contributors before the term of Candlemas, at which their fourth year's rate would have been due, neither their widows nor children Should be entitled to any benefit from the scheme, but Should be entirely excluded therefrom: and by the said royal charter it was further ordainedy That if any person who had beeny or Should be admitted a member of the corporation after Lammas one thousand seven hundred and seventy fcveity wasy at the time of his admijfiony forty years of age or upwards, and happened to die, leaving a widow y or leaving a child or children under sixteen years of age but no wi dowy before he bad paidy or been liable to pay twelve years rates; in that case there Should be retained out of the annuity due to his widow, or out of the provision due to his child or children > such sum as together with the [urns paid by him without computing interest thereony Should amount to twelve years ratesy videlicet, sixty pounds sterling; end that if any contributor to the scheme allowed his annual rate to run on unpaid for six yearsy his widow or child, or children Should forfeit the rejpeflive annuities and provisions to which they would hove been entitled after his decease declaring, That such contributor Should nevertheless be obliged to pay the foresaid annual rates in arrears and also continue liable in payment of his annual rates during life; hecau/e if such forfeiture should exempt either from payment of the annual rates in arreary or the rates that might thereafter fall due same contributors might voluntarily incur the forfeiturey whereby the [cbeme would be deprived in so far of its proper supporty the data (on which the calculation was injlituted) fuppofeng the annual rate of every contributor to be paid by him during lifey though be might have to prospect of bringing any burden upon the fund: but to prevent any itfagreeable consequences that might follow the forfeiture afore /jii, in case it Should appear to the contributors at a general meeting,

29 6

Annual rates payable by the contributors how to be applied.

Anno vicesimo septimo qeorgh Ilf. C 65. [1787.

where at leafi three fourth of them were present, that the failure in payment of any contributor was occastoned, not with a view to injure the fund, but from the decay of bufinejs, or other misfortunes, it should be competent for futk meeting to allow, in case be died a widower, his child or ihildren to draw their respective provisions, after deducting therefrom a sum equal to his amors and inter ejl \ and in ease he left a widow, to enter her on the roll of annuitant s, as foot as the annuity that would have fallen due to her, had there been no forfeiture or arrears, should amount to a sum equal to these arrears and inter fl, calculated in a progressive account; and it was further oretained, That the whole annual rates payable by the contributors, and the funis payable out of the corporation's flock, before the term of Whitsunday one thousand fiven hundred and eighty one, Should it applied by trustees (after payment of the expense of management) towards taiftng a capital stock of four thousand five hundred pounds fitrlingy and that the annual produce of the fund at the said term of Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and at each term 0/whitfunday thereafter, should be applied as follows \ videlicet, frfi, for defraying the expense of management; Jccondly, for raising the capital, the following sums Should be lent out in each ytq\ viddifcet^

At the term Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, one huhdred and fifty pounds :

At Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred, and eighty six, out*thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, on thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, one thousand seven hundred and eighty mt, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one hundred pounds; At Whitsunday one thousand seven hundred and ninety. om, onttbyx sand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, one, thousand seven hundred and ninety five, one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, one thousand even hundred and ninety seven, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and one thousand eight hundred, fifty pounds: And at each Whitsunday thereafter, till the said capital of four t'm sand five hundred pounds was completed, thirty poumb:

And thirdly, for payment of the annuities due to the widows tk contributors, 'and the provifms due to their children: and if tot qi tiual produce aforesaid in any one year exceeded the charges of management, the sum so ordered to be applied for raising the capita end the annuities and provifms due to the ihildren for that year, and lie arrears of any annuities and provifms of former years ajter menr t toned, if any such were, Fuih excess or fur plus should be lent out, together with the for said sum, for the purpose of raising the capital', and on the other hand, if in any one year the annual produce was not Jufficient for defraying the annual burdens as aforesaid, yet no intmth went should on that account, be made upon the capital so far os then

1787] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III C 65.

raised* nor Should the further raising thereof \ in manner above direst edj be thereby stopped or retarded; but such deficiency or Jborteeming Should first ajfeft the children's provisions proportionally and then the annuities of all the widows proportionally without regard to the order of time in which those proviftom became due and the same Should again be made good to them out oj thefurplus of the annual produce for the jnccee&ng year or years in this order; videlicet*first after payment of the expense of management and of the sum to be applied for raising the flock or capital as afo/refmd* the widows annuities unpaid in the preceding year Should be made good: secondly the widows annuities of the current year; thirdly the children's provisions of the former year or years according to the order of time in which they became due: end lastly, the children's provisions for the current year. Provided always That vfben the [aid capital was raised if in any one year the annual produce Should be more than Sufficient for payment of all the burdens of that year and arrears of former years the surplus Should be applied by the contributors at a general meeting regularly summonei by a billet left at their respective dwelling houses two days previous to the meeting and where at leas three fourth of them wertpresent* cither towards the further raising of the capital or should he divided omngfl the widows then on the fund as should appear most adviseabla [s a majority f the meeting. And if thr qforesaid capital of four

tbggknd. five hundred pounds when made up in whole or in pare hitjpflfd b be dimiflijbed'* either by the insolvency of the debtors or by agy other accident, whatsoever such diminution Should from time ta flmt be mode up by after furplujfes* to be lent out as afortfmd; and qimoed, Tbqt the annuities payable to the widows and the provi fim payable to the child or children of the contributors as aforesaid flydi not be liable to be orrefied* or otberways offered or attached by fair creditors y but; Should notwithstandingfuch arreflmeni or a tubmen^ be paid, to the, widows tbkmselyes, or their order or to the turns end curators of the said child or children or to their heirs exe* tytors* or assigntes y and if the child or children bad no tutors or cu rotors then and in that case the provision to which they were end tied Should be paid to such person or persons as Should be named for rt (thing the Jam by. tha trustees for the management of the fund to. be applied for the use and behoof of though said child or children respec t'mly: and by the said charter twas lhewise ordained and appointed That the, trustees for managing the scheme Should consist of six contrivers whereof three to be a quorum; and they Should have power to (left a ptefes at every meeting who in case of an equality of votes in on) qufiian* should have, the casting vote, as presses besides his vote as a trufiei; That they should have two sated meetings in each year; the first to be held on. the second Tuesday of March, for making up a Ifljf tb widows and children entitled to annuities and provisions at Wfaitfunday thereafter which list Should lie open to the infptftion of oil parties inlet cfled* in the clerk's bands s and, the said parties might live in their objections in writing if any they had to be by him laid btjrn the trustees for their determination at the second stated meet h which should be held, on the second Monday of May yearly: Thai besides the forefifld two sated meetings they might hold such

2gt Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III c.65. [1787.

occasional meetings as circumstances required: which the left prefesf either of bimfclf or upon the application of any two of their number Trustees ap Should have power to call: and his Majesty, by his said royal charter pointed. letters patent, nominated, appointed, and confirmed the foluwu %

fix contributors to be the original trustees: videlicet, Robert Walker, John Balfour, Alexander Wood, William Chalmers, jo feph Robertson, and Thomas Hay, who were to continue to execute that trujl till Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty one: and ordained. That the said Robert Walker Should go out of office at the said term of Lammas one thousand seven hundredeii eighty one, the said John Balfour at Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, the said Alexander Wood at Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the said William Ch infers at Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty soar, At said Joseph Robertson at Lammas one thousand seven hundred aid eighty five, and the said Thomas Hay at Lammas one thoufmi seven hundred and eighty six; That one Should be defied at the sail term of Lammas one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, to ftp ply the said Robert walker's place, and one at each of the fortjrid Jucceeding terms Lammas, to supply the then vacancy: That inett time thereafter the eldefi trustee, that is, the first trustee in the Eft, Should go out of office at Lammas yearly, and another be defied in his room; but that notwithstanding of the said general rule, if a & jority of the contributors inclined to continue any trustee in office when it came to his turn to be removed, they Should be at liberty Jo lob, which trustee, being then considered as the youngest, Should bi place lafi in the list, and continue in office during the same period as if'bt bad been then defied for the first time: That if a vacancy bappmd by the death or iemission of any of the original or future trustets, or in any other manner of way than as aforesaid; or in case one tltffei declined to accept, another Should be elefied in his place, it being always understood, and expressly provided, that it Should not he tenth tent to elefi any per Jon as trustee but one of the contributors 5 and to elefiion ofa trustee Should be made but at a general meeting of the contributors, regularly warned by billets left at their rejpefiive houses, it least two days previous to the meeting: and if any trustee Should U ebfent from a meeting to which he was regularly summoned, be jkoeu forfeit and pay one Shilling to the colkfior, to be applied by him to that uje of the scheme, unless he satisfied the trustees at their next or Jem after meeting, that his absence was occasioned by indisposition: and that the sums to be applied for raising the capital Should be lent out bj tbt trustees, from time to time, upon such real or per final Jecurities os they Should judge sufficient and best for the interest of the fund, bt bonds and other securities for the same to be taken payable to tbt soil trustees, or any three of them, and to their successors in office 5 end the said trustees for the time, or any three of them, Should have pmtr to ojftgn and dijeharge the said bonds or other securities, end to fust oil manner of execution necessary for recovering payment thereof, or m ttrning the same any manner of way \ but expressly provided. That no money Should be lent by the trustees to any member or members of tbt corporation upon any account whatfotver y and that the trusteeijbsui

ebuji

*99

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III 0.65.

(faff a (dleflor and clerk to the scheme, to continue in their office re fpcfiively during the pleasure of the trustees; both of which offices night be filled by one p erf on, if the trustees judged proper; which collar Should have power to carry on all suits for recovery of the annual rates, and other sums payable for support of the fund, and all arrears that might be due by any contributor at the time of his decease \ Should retain, at the ftght dnd direttion of the trustees, from the widows annuity, or from the children's provisions, such sums as Should bt due by their respective bufiands or fathers, or their heirs and executory which had not been, or could not be recovered from them, upon iffipitng to such widow or children refpe lively, such debt: and that the collector Should, on his admijfion to the office, grant bond, with a efficient cautioner, to the trustees, to the extant of one hundred pounds firrhng, for the faithful discharge of his trujl 5 and Should subscribe oil the receipts for the annual rates, and for the annual sums paid by tie corporation, and keep regular books, Showing the flats of the funds tinder his management, in such manner as the trustees Should appoint; end the clerk Should also keep a book for recording the federunts of the trustees; which booh were at all times to be open to the infpefiion of every contributor: and the collect? or Should exhibit to the contributors at a general meeting, to be held on the second Monday of August yearly, a state of the funds under his management, and Qn account of the sums received by him for the preceding year, and the application of tie same, which meeting Should have power to audit and pajs the faii accounts, and discharge him and his surety of the sums accountedtfor.

And whereas the members of tbs said college and corporation, and. the trustees and officers elected by them for managing the said fund, ; have proceeded in the execution of the said scheme agreeably to the re ptkttons in the said charter and letters patent herein abovementioned; and it is found by experience that the said Jcheme will be of great benefit to the widows and children of the members, but that the same would be Jlill more beneficial and effectual if the alterations upon the fold scheme and regulations in the said letters patent herein aftermen tiontd, were made, and if the authority of parliament were interposed for currying the said scheme, subject to the said aiterations, into execu tm: and whereas John Shiells, one of the members of the said college and corporation at the time the said scheme was instituted, did not accede thereto; and therefore in terms of the said letters patent fiends excluded from the benefit thereof \ but the said John Shiells bos fmee declared his willingness to become a contributor, paying all the annual rates since the infiitution, which the contributors are will ling to agree to, if they were not prohibited by the terms of the scheme, end of the said letters patent: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's mail excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That letters-patent the said charter and letters patent and al the regulations, or generally con finances, and appointments therein contained, and herein above firmcd* recited, relative to the scheme for raising a fund for a provision to fiidows and children of the members of the said college and

a'corpora

No annual rate to be paid beyond 914 years.

Sum to be contributed out of the corporation funds.

Funds of the corporation, if able, may contribute farther.

Annuities to widows.

Anno ticesimo septimo Georgii III C 65. [1787.

corporation, and all the proceedings had in consequence thereof, agreeable to the terms of the faief letters patent, shall be, and the same are hereby cbnfirmed in so far as the same are not altered by this present act, and that the ftid scheme shall be Carried into execution hereafter, in conformity to the said regulations, ordinances, and appointments, (bbjeft to Hie alterations hefein after mentioned

II And be it ertafted by the duthbntv aforesaid, That no present or future member of the said college and corporation, who is a contributor to the said fund, and who shall have pad his annual rate or contribution for twenty-four years successively, with interest and penalty if inclined, shall be obliged to pay or contribute more thereafter duririg his life arty thingm the said charter or letters patent, or in the deeds executed by the contributors, to the contrary rtbtwhhftandirtgt

III And be it ertafted by the authority aforesaid, That in litti of the sum of twenty-five pbunds, which by the scheme and tlje said charter and letters patent is appointed to be paid annually Out of the funds of the corporation to the collector of the bin scheme for raising the capital, there shall be paid by the treasurer of the corporation, and out of their fuhds, it the (krm of gm diems one thoufattd seven hundred irtd eighty eight, abd at exth fucceedirig ittrti of cdtl&tim&s thereafter, to the collector of the said scheme, the sum of One pbiiricjt fterlirig for each pehoh who ia member Xt the time, and whose tfidbw and Childrctf may eventually bfc entitled to the benefit of the scheme: ah further. That the ford treasurer shall pay bver so the colleftbr of the fchefnef the Half of the entry money paid by cich and every perform who (hsul hereafter be admitted members of t^fc Cud college and cbrpbfation, and that towards raifirtg and abgirient irtg the capital of fund for providing the widows and chhdnti Of tyre members Contributors.

IV And be it ertafted by the authority aforelaicf, That in case at arty time hereafter it shall appear tb the members of the fam cbifege and corporation at a geisftal meeting, to which they shall be regtrtarly (amnioned by a billet left at their retpeftive hotrfes at lead two days previous to the meeting, that thetunjjs of the corporation ate more than' sufficient in any one year to maintain their poor, and to defray the other rieceflary expeb ces", and to pay the sums of money aforesaid to the colleftof of the scheme; thert' it shall be lawful to appoint the treasurer of the corporation to pay to the said colleftof such additional sum for that year, as shall be judged proper; provided that no order for such additional payment shall be made unless three fourths of the members of the college or corporation are present at such general meeting.

V And be if ertafted by the authority aforesaid. That the widows of contributors who have fqrvived the term at which their fourth annual rate became due, as well those widows who are already entitled to the benefit of the fund, as those who shall htreafter come to be so entitled shall each be entitled 10, and

receive

1787o Anno vicesimo feptioio Georgii III C 65. receive the following annuities; that is to say, at the first term, of fflntfunday after the decease of their refyc&ive husbands, and at each succeeding Whitsunday during their lives, and till ivhit jmday which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and one, thirty pounds sterling; and at the said term of whitfund&y one thousand eight hundred and one, each widow shall be entitled to and receive forty pounds sterling, and the same sum annually thereafter during their lives; anything in the said scheme as originally framed, or in the said charter and letters patent, to the contrary notwithstanding: but provided neverthelect, That the annuity of any widow of a contributor who shall marry again, shall, from and immediately after such her marriage, cease and determine.

VI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That there nbdeduction shall be no deduction upon any account from the widows an folk year, nuities the first year after they have come on the fund, but that

the arrears of contributors shall be paid by deducing a sum not exceeding one third of the annuity each (subsequent year till the said arrears are paid up; and in case any contributor, who has become a member of the corporation at the age of forty years or upwards, shall die before he has paid twelve years rates, the deficiency shall be made up in the same manner.

VII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if & Provisions to contributor shall survive the term upon which the payment of children.

his fourth annual rate becojne due, and shall die a widower, leaving a child or children under sixteen years of age, such child <* children stall, at the term of Whitsunday immediately following the death of their father, be entitled to and receive one hundred pounds sterling, which sum, if there be more than one child, shall be equally divided amongst the children; provided.

That if any of the contributors shall happen to die before the term of Candlemas at which the fourth annual rate would have been.due, neither their widows nor children shall be entitled to any benefit from the scheme, but shall be entirely excluded therefrom.

VIII And whereas it is found necessary % in place of the capital Capital to be

mentioned in the said recited, charter arid letters patent, that therei>oool fter should be a capital of eleven thousand pounds Jlerlingy upon thefup in 0n"

potion of there being forty contributors, (tbt present. number being crcafc. tbirtj ftven), and that the capital shouldbe increased two hundred

end fifty pounds jicrling, for each contributor above that number: be

itenadked by the authority aforesaid, That the trustees in whom

the management of the said scheme is veiled fliau, besides the

Aim already raised, being three thousand one hundred and fifty

pounds or thereby, apply the whole, annual rates, together with

the money paid by or received from the funds of the corpora Application

tion, and the profits of the (lock, first, in defraying the expenses of the money.

of management; secondly, in lending out the following sums

annually, for increasing and raising the capital; that is to say,

at the term of Whitsunday in each of the years of our Lord one, Sums to he

thousand seven hundred, and eighty eight, one thousand seven annually lent

hundred

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 65. [ 1787.

hundred and eighty nine, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, one thousand seven hundred and ninety two one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, one thousand seven hundred ud ninety seven, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and one thousand eight hundred, the sum of two hundred pounds sterling: at the term of Wbitfunday in each of the years one thousand eight hundred and one, one thousand eight hundred and two, out thousand eight hundred and three, one thousand eight hundred and four, and one thousand eight hundred and five, the sum of one hundred and thirty pounds sterling: at the term of whh sunday in each of the years one thousand eight hundred and fi one thousand eight hundred and seven, and one thousand e^jbg hundred and eight, the sum of one hundred and fifteen pouadt sterling: at the term of Wbitfunday in each of the years one thousand eight hundred and nine, one thousand eight hundred and' ten, one thousand eight hundred and eleven, one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and one thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the sum of one hundred pounds sterling: at the term of Wbitfunday in each of the years one thousand eight hundred and fourteen, one thousand eight hundred and fifteen, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, one thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and one thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the sum of fifty pounds sterling: and at the term of Wkitjundtyvx the year one thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and in each year subsequent, the sum of thirty pounds sterling, till the capijtal of eleven thousand pounds is completed: and thirdly, for payment of the annuities due to the widows of the contributors, and the provisions due to their children: and if the annual produce aforesaid in any one year shall exceed the charges of management, the sum so ordered to be applied for raising the capital, and the annuities and provisions due to the widows and children for that year, and the arrears of any annuities of former years after mentioned, if any such were, such excess or surplus shall be lent out together with the foresaid sums, for the purpose of raising the capital: and on the other hand, if, in aoy one year, the annual produce shall not be sufficient for defraying the annual burdens as aforesaid, yet no encroachment shall cn that account be made upon the capital, so far as then raised, nor hall the further raising thereof, in manner above directed, be on that account stopped or retarded, except in the case of a contributor or contributors leaving a child or children entitled to provision from the fund as aforesaid, in which case the capital stock may suffer a diminution, and shall contribute to makeup what the produce of the current year in which the event happens is deficient, to answer or pay the sum or sums to which such child or children is or are entitled; but in every other case such deficiency or (hortaoming shall affetf the annuities of

1787.] Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III c.65.

all the widows proportionally, without regard to the order of time in which their annuities became due, and the same shall be restored to them out of the surplus of the annual produce for the succeeding year or years, as abovementioned. Provided always, That when the said capital is raised, if in any one year the annual produce shall be more than sufficient for payment of ill the burdens of that year, and arrears of former years, the (orpins shall be divided amongst the widows then on the fund: and if the aforesaid capital of eleven thousand pounds, when made up in whole or in part, shall happen to be diminished, cither by the insolvency of debtors, or by any other accident whatever, such diminution shall from time to time be made up by after surplusles to be lent out as aforesaid: provided always.

That such diminution did not happen by payments to the child or children of a contributor, in which case the sums so paid shall be replaced by annual payments of twenty pounds for each one hundred pounds advanced.

IX And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the Trustees truttees now in the management of the said scheme and fund, power, deded agreeably to the said recited letters patent, and the truf

toes hereafter chosen conformably thereto, and the quorum of them, or the collector of the said scheme, shall have full pdwer to ak, demand, levy, sue, and use all manner of legal diligence for recovery of the annual rates payable by contributors, and interest thereof, and penalties if incurred: and also of the sums payable by or out of the funds of the said college and corporation, and all sums lent out for or due to the common fund, or making part of the capital, and the profits thereof, and otherwise to ad agreeably to the regulations of the said letters patent, the accounts of the collector being exhibited to a general meeting of the contributors at the term of Lammas yearly, in place of the second Monday of August as directed by the said letters patent.

X And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the said johnshiellsto Jsbn Sbidls shall be admitted to ail the benefits of the scheme, in be admitted the same*manner as if he had originally acceded thereto; pro onpayids JL vided that he shall pay into the hands of the collector of the

scheme the sum of fifty-five pounds sterling within six weeks from and after the pafiing of this act, and continues to pay the. common annual rate of a contributor for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and in each subsequent year during his life, till he has paid twenty-four years rates in all, if he shall so long live.

XL And be it enacted, That the expense of obtaining this Expense of aft shall be paid out of the common funds of the said college this act. and corporation, and not out of the money contributed or collected for the purposes of providing for the widows and children of the members.

XII And be it further enacted. That this act shall be deemed, Public act. adjudged, and taken to be a public ad; and shall be judicially

taken

3°4

Anno vicesimo septimo georgii III C 6y. £1787.

taken notice of as such, by all judges, and other persons wfeit

lbever, without specially pleading the same.

cap. LXVI

An act for dividing: and inclosing the lowlands and common fens titbit the hamlet of Martin in the parish of Timberland, and within thi parish of Blackney, in the county of Lincoln; and for draining wd preferring the lowlands and fens within the said hamlet of Martly and parish of Blackney, and within the hamlet of Lin wood, io tfct said parish of Blackney.

CAP. LXVII

An act for the better repairing, paving, clean sin g, lighting, and watching the highways, Greets, and lanes of and in the town and pdftaf Sandwich, in the county of Kent, and in the several pari he of Saint Peter the a poftle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in tfc said town, port, and county; and for removing and preventing in croachments, nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances in thr fists highways, Greets, and lanes, and on the common quay belongingtothct said town and port, and in the haven adjoining to the said quay, sad the bridge built over The said haven; and for regulating the birthrtnd mooring places of vessels at the said quay, and the proper tzmei for veitels to p*f8 through the said bridge.

A

END .of VOL. XXXVI Par J

I 1 i

THE

STATUTES at Large,

i

Anno regni G E O R g11 III Regis, Magna Britannia, Franc,

vicesimo osiavo,

u '

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster,

the eighteenth day of May,

Dimini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of ourjovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the tw

day o/'november, 1787; being the fifth session of the sixteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, add perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight. — This act the same as last year.

CAP. II

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in >

Great Bntain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight. — At 4s. in the pound; this act the same as last year.

CAP. III

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on Shore.

XLIV.TJROVIDED nevertheless, and it is hereby declared

JL by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Clause for retwenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and 1, cf eighty eight, when and as often as any person or persons shall be enlisted as a marine or marines in his majesty's service, he Vol, XXXVI Z and V

As often as it hall be necessary, officers of the marine and land forces may sit inconjunaion upon court-martial; taking rank according to the seniority of their com miffioos*

r

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 3. [1788.

and they shall, within four days, but not (boner than twenty*fbttr hours after such enlisting respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding, city, or place, or chief niagiftrate of any city, or town corporate, (not being an officer of marines), and before such justice or chief magistrate he or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their diflent to such enlisting; and, upon such declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each person so differtting paying the fooi of twenty (hj* lings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, fucn person or persons so enlisting (half be forthwith discharged and fet at liberty, in the pvefence of such justice or chief magistrate; but if fffcft person dr pfcrfons shall tkfufe or neglect, within the foie of twenty-four hours, to return and pay such money, as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had givdn his or thkir stfltnt thereto before the said jbf tice or chief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his Of their having voluntarily enlisted bithfelf or theiflielvet, then such justice or chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or jpersons is or are duly enlisted; setting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling; of him or them respectively, (if known), and that the second arid third feltioris of the articles of war, for the better government of his majeay's marine forces while on (bore, were read to him or them and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth section of the find articles of war; and if any such person or persons, foto be certified as duly enlisted; shall refuse t6 take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or thief magistrate; it shall and maybe lawful for such officer, from whom he ha? received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such pfcrfon or persons until he or they shall take the oath before required; and every officerof marines that shall& contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof, upon oath made by two witnestes, before a general court-martial to be thereupon calied, shall, for such offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold anf cftil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his majesty's service.

XLV And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, parti 'tulariy where a fuffictent number of marine officers cannot kecontfc niently assembled, or in matters wherein any of his Majesty's land form may be interested, that officers of the land forces Should he ajjodatei with the marine officers for the purpose of holding court-martial; be it enacted and declared. That Mich and as often as it shall be necessary* it shall and may be lawful for officers of the marine and land forces to (it in conjunction upon court-martial, and so proceed in the trial of any marine Officer or private man, m like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such court-martial were composed of marine officers only j and the officers of that marine and land forces are, in such cases, to take rack according to the seniority of their commifliohs in either service

Anno ricesimo octavo georoil 111, €. 4*

32 9

CAP. IV

At act for forging on additional duty on pints manufactured if!

Scotland, and imported into England.

WHEREAS by an a!, made in the twenty fiventb year of Preamble the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for re 27 Geo. j. pealing the several duties of customs and excile, and granting C 13. other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties; to

!aether with the other dudes compofipg the public revenue; or permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom $ and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer lot the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; certain duties were imposed on British spirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other part of thi united kingdom: and whereas, at the time of making the Jhid aft, the said duties, together with certain duties by a certain aft, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An act t6 Geo. J to discontinue, for a limited time, the several dudes payable in C

Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wall, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits j and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof $ imposed upon the capacity or content of certain fills mentioned in that act, were darned equivalent to the duties by the said act made in the twenty ftventh year of the reign of his said Majesty, imposed on Wort, wash..

other liquer, in the la/l recited act mentioned, brewed or made in fh; sd£to that part of Great Britain called England, for extrafting spirits for jujy tjt8, home consumption: and whereas it is found by experience that the said an additional duties are not equivalent, and that it is expedient to impose an addi duty of 6d. to timed doty on British spirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought ^ery anort from thence into any other part of the united kingdom, on or before the of Brin fh fpi fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty*eight; be it rits distilledin therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and Scotland and. with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ^{£r, ntot and Cbmmons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the of the United authority of the same, "that there shall be raised, levied, collect kingdom, of a ed, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and strength not successors, for every gallon of British spirits of a strength not ex tcj.

ceeding that of one to ten over Iiydrometer proof, which shall j^ter be manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any and for every other part of the united kingdom from and after the day on gallon of a which this act shall receive his majesty's royal aflenr, and on of £rcatcfrh*before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and not exceeding eighty eight, an additional duty of (ixpence; and for every gal 3 percent.

Ion of all such spirits of a greater strength than one to ten over over and hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, fixprnce, and also a and f farther Z 2 further duty in

i Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C ^ys8.

proportion to its further duty proportioned to the degree of strength in which such greater spirits shall exceed the said strength of one to ten over hydrome ftrcn*th ter proof..

Additional^II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That duties to be the said additional duties by this act impdfed, and also all other fmdonrrhbe ^ut*es now pa)^ble by law for or in respect of British spirits fore^aning, manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other C of the united kingdom, shall be paid by the importer thereof

before the landing thereof, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied in the same manner, and under such management, and with such powers for recovering the same, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the said other duties on such spirits are now raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, under the direction of any act or acts of parliament now in force relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, rules, penalties and forfeitures, in such act or acts relating thereto, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the bedy of this act.

Spirits actual

III And be it further enacted, That all spirits which hall ly flrpt and have been actually shipped for exportation from that part of Great cleared at the Britain called Scotland, and which shall have been cleared out sortation'be wars at ie cust0*11 house of the port where the same shall have sore Feb. i, been ft slapped on or before the first day of February one thou-1788, not to land seven hundred and eighty eight, shall and may be landed in be liable to any other part of the united kingdom, without being subject to the additional tjjc p2yment of the additional duty imposed by this act, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And whereat funding contract may have been made be

Additional fore p°if % n& f^lmporters or proprietors of spirits,

dntv may be Jor frying perjom with such spirits to be delivered in point of time charged ou after the pajftng of this be it therefore enacted by the autho* fpintscqp rity aforesaid, That, from and after the day on which this actrevimis^to rece*ve his majesty's royal assent, the importers or proprie

?hevp3fling> tors f such spirits, which shall be delivered after the said day in this? aft, and pursuance of such contrasts, fl>allbeallowedto add the duties here notdeliverable by charged upon such spirits, and shall be entitled, by virtue of period that to Palc ^ame accor(pmgly: provided nevertheless,

butthe parties at the parties who have contracted to receive such spirits. Dull contracting to have the liberty to annul and cancel the bargains they have receive them entered into, in case they choose foto do, rather than pay the said

CAP. V

An act to continue the laws now in force for regtriating the trade between the subjects of his majesty'a dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the hud United dates. 1

as Geo. 3* C 39. so far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the united dates ofamerica, and4 Geo.3, C 45. to continue In force till April 5, 1789.

17mj Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 6. 331

II. And be it further enacted, that if any iron, hemp, ail Article from loth, or other articles of the produce of any place bordering on 7.pla<on^he the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this king Baltic "which dom, shall be exported from hence, in any other manner Jhan maybe CX such as is or shall be allowed by any law now in force, or ported from which shall hereafter: bet in forc^, pr by order of his, Majesty in. council; or. if any goods or commodities whatever shall c0n*rary*o be imported from any of the territories of the united states law, any goods of America, into any of the ports of this kingdom, other imported than Aich as by any law now in force, or which a e?teu* 2f hereafter be in force, or by vittue of this present atf, or by Amrricafand prder of his Majesty in councif, now are, or hereafter shall ndt permitted be permitted to be imported; or if any goods or com bylaw, modifies shall be imported from the territories of the said and alsogoods United dates of America into any of the ports of this kingdom, fy^efe in any other manner, whatever than such as is or shall be alr (tares contra lowed by any law now .in force, or which shall hereafter be in ry to law, to force, or by order of his Majesty in council, the same shall be be forfeited, forfeited, together with the ship pr vessel in which such goods or commodities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel belonging thereto. V

forftftarcs to be recovered and applied as by law, respecting the revenue of the custorl»8, in the place where the offence shall be committed, and the produce thereof to be disposed of tn like manner in the said places respectively. This Act to continue in force till April j, 1789.

CAP. VI

An act foi' regulating the trade between the subjefis of hh Majesty colonies and plantations in North America, and in the West-india istands, and the countries' belonging to the united ft ate s of America; and between his Majesty s said subjects and the foreign iftands in the West Indies.,

WHEREAS the regulations made by his Majesty's feverdl Preamble, orders in council, for carrying on the commerce between his Majesty's subjeqs in North America, andlin the West Indies, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the unitedftaies of America, in pursuance of the powers vested in his Majesty for that purpose by several acts of parliament, have by experience been found to be be...

and whereas it is now proper that the said regulations Should be established and made permanent; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

That no goods or commodities whatever shall he imported or If any gook brought from any of the territories belonging to the said united except the armies of America, into any of his majesty's West-india iftands f^fied^oiall (in which description the Babamq Istands, and the Bermuda or b^broupht Somers jjlands, are included), under the penalty of the forfeiture from thennit thereof, and also of the ship or vessel in which the same shall ed dates of be so imported or brought, together with all her guns, furni wevln z 3 ture, <jia jflaodb, .

r

332 Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 6. [1788;

they are for ammunition, tackle, and apparel, except tobacco, pitch,

thcveffy&c tar' turpcnt*ftc» hemp flax, malts, yards, bowiprtte, (laves CV€*' heading boards, timber, (hingles, and lumber of any lost?

horses, neat cattle, sheep, hogs, poultry, and live flock of any sort; bread, biscuit, flour, peas, beans, potatoes, wheats rice, oars, barley, and grain of any sort; such commodities respectively, being the growth or production of any of the ter ritories-gf the said united states of Ametiea.

Such articles JJ. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That ted none goods or commodities herein btfore excepted, enu

poried must merated, and described, shall be imported or brought into Oey be brought by of the said islands from the territories of the said united fern, 1 ^ritifh sob under the like penalty of the forfeiture thereof, and also of though ^ipvmi m ve^c* n which the same shall be so imported or brought,

nalt/of for together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and failure. apparel, except by British fabje&s, and in btitifly*buih fltips, owned by his majesty's subjects, and navigated according 10 law.

Goods, not HI. And be it further bnaifted by the authority aforesaid, be°«^orted° bat it to export from any of the said Wtft /»-

from the West dia islands to any port or place within the territories belonging India islands, to the said united states, any goods orcommodities whatsoever, to any foreign which are not now by law prohibited to be exported free? the country, said islands to any foreign country or place in Europe and alb be exported sugar naelaisles, coffee, coconuts, ginger, and pimento: and to the united that all coconuts or ginger which shall be so exported, lhah states, See. be subject and liable to thfc same duties to which the same are coconuts northwest Severally subject and liable if exported to any Briujb co cxporledttobe any or plantation in Amtrica\ and that the/aid duties shall be pable to the jaifed, levied, couedted^paid, recovered, and applied, in the /ame duties as famemanner as the duties on coconuts pr ginger exported to any bnua colony or plantation in America are Jeverally rai fed, ny ia\ipsv£' levied, coiie&ed, paid, recovered, and applied: provided aj[ ca, ways, That no sugar, melasses, coffee, coconuts, ginger or

No article, ex pimento, nor any other articles or commodities whatsoever ^rpti^l|nfr0? (except salt from the islands called Turk's Islands, being part of to be so ex the ^a^ama islands) shall be so exported, except by British fob ported but by jc&$, and in british bii ships, owned by his Majestyfs frib british subjects, and navigated according to law, under the like pcnxht in British of the forfeiture thereof, and also of the ship or vcfltl in whidp oiit*'offor*le ^ame hall exporte together with her guns, furpitnc^ feiture, tea. ammunition, tackle and apparel.

where bonds IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, are required That in every case where, on exportation of any goods or cowr 'V1erf^oods moc^ties to any cblony or plantation in America, a bond

to°a Brifuh 1s now or may hereafter required by law for the due landing colony in of such goods or commodities in such colony or plantation, ana America, like a certificate is required to discharge such bond, a Gaidar bond v>nds to be hai be required, on exportation of fuph goods or commodi f xvporutione, r tes to re territories of the united states, forihe due landing the in the united same in the said territories; and such bond shall and maybe iutes., '»* ' '

1780.j Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 6. 333

discharged, upon a certificate under the band and seal of the How fitch British consul r vice consul, provided any such consul or vice difch^rlred cooful shall be resident at the port or place where such goods**

shall be landed; or in oafe there shall not be any such consul

vice consul so rehdent, then under the hand and leal of any officer or officers who are or may be appointed by the said united states, or any of them, for title purpose of granting such certificate; and if it shall happen that there dull not be any officer so appointed, then, and in such case, such bond shall and my, be discharged, upon a certificate under the hand and (feal of any magistrate of the said uoited dates, or, any of them, certir lying that there is no such officer at the port pr place where such goods ihau be landed, and that oath hath been made before fecit magistrate by the master, or other per ion having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, that the goods for which such certificate is acquired were duly landed by him at such pprf e place within the terrimrie? belonging to the said united dates.

V And whereas it is expedient tt givt due tncouragemtn; tbf

taking*f salt in the said iflastds called turk's Idands; be 4 ircrc

foce further coaled by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and Vessel corn may h lawful for any ship or vessel belonging to the inhabi J tants of the dud united states of America corning in ballast, and state raay- not otherwise, to enter the ports of the said islands, called be laden at sartfsislands, for the purpose of being there laden with (felt, and turk'siflands form.other puepofe .whatever; under and subject to the prp with fat vifioos, regulations, and restrictions, iberein after mentioned; anything in this actor any law, usage, or custum* Q (be contrary notwithstanding.

VI Provided always. That the master, or other persan hav Master of such ing or taking the charge or command of such flup or vessel, vessel, on its .shall, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel Into

any port of the said islands, make a just and true entry, upon thereof; oath, before the callc&or, or other principal officer, of such port, 'of his ship or .vessel, declaring of what country (he js built, bow manned, who was the master during the voyage, and who are the owners thereof, and the purpose for which be enters the said port, in order that such ship or vessel may undergo the torch and examination of the proper officers of his mayfly's customs; and such master, or other person taking the and to answer chatge or command thereof, shall truly answer upon oath to upon oath. fitch questions touching and concerning the same, as shall he as (bill demanded of him by such coftc&or or other principal officer, demanded upon pain, for any default therein, that such master, pr other of him, on pe pertoo having or taking the charge or command of such ship or nalty of tool, veffei, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and the Collector au colleflor, or other principal officer of his majesty's customs at fitch port, is hereby authorised and required to administer the " |nutcr bid oaths herein brfore required to be taken.

VII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto A duty of and (or the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucccflors, a tonne» to be

Z 4 nag#pa.d for every

334 Anno vicesimo octavo Georg! III g 6. [ 178ft.

tonne burden nage duty at and after the rate of two Chitlings and Gxpence fteri ?he unued* ins pa}*awe in dollars at the rate of five Shillings and Gxpence ttares coming Per ounce for each and every tdn burden of every ship or vessel to Turk s belonging to the inhabitants of the said united Gates of jtmeria*, islands. so coming to the said islands called Turfa lp(kis\ and that the How the tonne tonnage of every such ship or vessel shall beascertained by admem nage is be af furement, made by such officer or officers asuhall be appomtcfl certained. for purpose by the commissioners of hirmajestyfs cugoom in England' for the time being, or any four or more ofthewri; which said officer or officers so appointed as aforeixid (batted measure such ship or vessel according to the following toetfcodj videliettyd rop a plumb line over the of the ship, and racy sure the distance between such line and the after part of the stern post at the load water mark; then^measure from che top of the said plumb line, in a parallel direction with the watery to a perpendicular point immediately over the load water: merit at the forepart of the main Gem; fubtrafling from such measurement the above digance, the remainder will 'be the Grip's extreme length, from which is to be deducted three inches for every foot of the load draught of water for the rake abast, and also three fifths of the ship's breadth for the Take forward, the remainder shall be esteemed the jug length of the keel, vo find the tonnage; and the breadth shall be taken from outside to outside of the plank, in the broadefi part of the flup, cither above or below the main wales, exdufive of all manner of (heathing or doubling that may be wrought upon the side of the ship; then multiply the length of «ihe keel for tonnage by the breadth so taken, and that product by half the breadth and dividing by ninety four, the quotient shall be deemed the true contents of the tonnage. -

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aibrefiiidi Tonnage du That the full and true amount of the said tonnage dutyv staf ty to be paid certained as aforesaid, shall be paid into the hand of the col (sttsvu^on ^e<^or his majesty's cugoros in the said islands reffaeaivdy, boardany vef at the port or place wherein he frail be appointed to regde* m fds, and to be any of the said islands before any salt frail be loaden or laidon under the ma b02fr(j of such frip or vessel; and foeh duty frail be under the the c^romif managernent f frc f*wl commissioner&of his majesty's customs, Turners of the and be raffect, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in such cuitoms, C arrd the like manner, and by (bch and: the .like rules, ways, means, and methods respectively, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as any Other duties nbw payable to his Ms jessy on goods imported into any of the said islands, plantations, coionics, or territories belonging to dr under the dominion of his Majesty in America or thfe Wsjl Indies reor may be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any a or acts of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several ebuses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enatfted in thebddy of this prefect acts; and such duty frail, under such management, befobjed

to

Good

1788.] Anno vicesimo oltavo Georgii III. C 6. 335

to the payment of the salaries of the officers and'other incidental charges of the port, and the refiduc be paid to the receiver-general of the cuhoms m England for the time being, to be paid by him into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, under the head of consolidated customs.

IX And be it further enadjted by the authority aforesaid,

That no goods or commodities whatsoever shall be exported No goods, e from the said islands called turk's islands, to any part of hi crpt^mo be majesty's dominions in Amtrica or the Wtjl, or shall be turkvl Quids lqadea or laid, on board any ship. or vessel in the .said islands to hi majrf called Turk's islands, for that purpose, except salt % and that no ty's domint goods or commodities whatsoever shall be exported from the on said islands called Turk's islands, to Gnat B or, or indies, "

shall be loaden er laid on board, any ship or veftcl in the said anij horooda islands for that purpose, except salt, and also except such goods to be export and commodities as may now, or may hereafter be by law im ed from those ported into this kingdom from all other countries whatsoever, 'finds to free of all duties, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such goods or commodities as shall be so exported, loaden, or laid except salt' on board, and of the ship or vessel in or on board of which the and such art same (half be (o exported, loaden, or laid on board, and of all dea u mav her. guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel.. plted from'

all countries duty free, on penalty of forfeiture.

X And be it further enacted by. the authority aforesaid.

That no tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax, - marts. Tobacco, C yards, bowsprits, (laves, heading boards, timber, (hingles, or imported into lumber of any sort; bread, btfeuit, flour, peas, beans, po frjnfatly so tatoet, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of any sort, shall reign West be imported or brought into any island, under the dominion of India idand to his Majesty, in the West Indus (in which description the fid** r "ted ham Islands and the Btrtmtda or. Somers islands are included), jy, el from any island in the West Indus under the dominion of any*foreign European sovereign or (late, under the penalty of the. forfeiture thereof, and of the .ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and. apparel any law, custotn, at usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI Provided always. That, it shall and may be lawful, in In cases of case of public emergency or distress, for any of the governors, 'ptwwy lieutenant governors, or commanders in chief for the time be of'he^rrtlih ing, 'of any of the said island in the West Indies, under the do West-india minion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the advice islands, with and confeot of their respective councils, to authorise the im consent of portation of tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax, masts, mayauthorize sards, bowsprits, (laves, heading boards, timber, (hingles, or the imports lumber of any sort; bread, bifcuir, flour, peas, beans, pota tion of pitch, toes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of any sort, for a LI, mited time, from any island in the West, under the do jf imported by minion of any foreign European sovereign or (late, for the sup Brltifh fub ply of the inhabitants of the said islands: and provided always, jeas.in Bri that such goods land commodities) so authorised to be import tuhflups.

J.*ed.

33s Anno vicesimo octave Georgii III C [178ft.

CD shall not be imported, except by (ubjefls, and is

british built ships, owned by his majesty's subjects, and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the fopfatape abovementioned.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Good iro That no goods or commodities whatever shall be imported

ported from any of the territories belonging to the said united ftatet,

ftate^kito 'n, ° tlje province's of Nova Stotia, Or tti

Nova Scotia, islands bf'Cape Breton, Saint John's, or Newfoundland, or ion ficc. txj be torj any country or Hland within their respective government, up «tedyjb der the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with the ftdp etc, 161' w ve^ importing the same, end ail her guns, furniture, aafe munition, tackle, and apparel, in cage of XIH. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful, -!* emergency case of public emergency or di ft refs, for any of the governor lieutenant governors, or commanders in chief for the imehd ma, etc with lns> f provinces! of Nova Scotia, or Now Brtmfwick, or of the content the islands of Cape Breton, or Saint John's, with the advice and of their count consent of their respective councils, to authorise the import? cil, rosy u tion of scantling, piankty Saves, beading boards, (hingtes, importation 'hoops, or squared timber oif any sort; horses, neat cattle, sheep, of fetntling, hogs, poultry, orliveftoek. of any sort) bread, bifeuir, fios*, etc, from the peas, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of united Sates, any sort, for a limited time, from any of the territories be by^ntiflh longing, to the said united dates, lor she supply of the ioba&t subjefla in. rants of the said provinces, islands, or countries refpedihrdf^ Btkiih ships, and provided always, That such goods and commodities So ta thorifed to he imported, shall .not be imported, except by a tijh subjects, and in firifgft built ships, owned by hi Msgeflyfc subje<3s, and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the forfeiture abovementioned: provided also. That it Atafl and may be lawful for his Majesty in council, by order or or rifethegover ders, to be issued and publiflted from time to time,0 aittbo nor of New rise, or by warrant or warrants under his flgn manual, to im ioundland, to power the governor of newfouniund for the time being to* fmportation «horife» in case of ncccffity, the importation into nnv/ou/uiknd, of bread, etc, of bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, from any of Ac from the unit territories belonging to the said unked dates, for the Supply of ed dates, etc. the inhabitants and fithermen of the iflaod of ntwfoktuhani, for the then ensuing season only: and provided always. That fodi bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, so authorised to he Imported into the island of Newfoundland shall not be imported, except in conformity to such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as shall be specified in such order or orders, warrant or warrants respectively, and except by British fuhjedhj and in british built ships, owned by his maje&y's fubye&a, and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the forfeit ture abovementioned.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no goods or commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the territories belonging to the united dates oijmeries,

by

Hi Majesty in Council may autho

No foods to

he imported from the

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 7. 337

by fez, or coastwise, into the province of Quebec, or into the united date rountries or islands within the government thereof, or up the by iver Saint Lawrence from the sea, under the penalty of the Quebec ete. forfeiture therebf, together with the ship or vessel importing*he same, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, ind apparel.

XV And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, riiat nothing in this act contained mall extend, or be con This act not / trued to extend, to repeal an act passed in the last session of,

nrliatnent (entitled. An act for allowing ibe importation and ex C, '*' urtation ef certain goods, wares, end merchandises, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah 'La Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the ifknd of Jamaica j in the port of Saint George, tie,

Grenada; tit port of Roseau, in tie ifland/dominica;

and in tie port/naf&u, in the island of New Providence, one of

the Bahama islands; under certain regulations and $

but that the same, and every provision thereof, shall continue

and remain to be in force, and of the same efsect, as if this act

had never been made.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all and every the goods or commodities, and'all ships or By whoa veflela forfeited by this act, shall and may be seized by the commander or commanders of any of his majesty's ships, or veflds of war, or any commissioned, warrant, or petty officer, fpedaby authorised by him or them, or by any officer or officers ofnis majesty's customs; and that every forfeiture and pe How fiosfci naky incurved by this act fkadl and may respectively be sued for, profpcuted, and recovered, in such courts, and by such^*^ "* "4 and the tike ways, means, and methods, and the produce " thereof respectively disposed of and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses and purposes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respecting the revenue of the customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed df, and applied, either in this kingdom, or in any of

hit majesty's dominions in North America, or the Weji respectively, as the case may happen to be,

XVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That this act shall commence and be in force from and after AS to com the fourth day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty Aprils 1788. eight. P

CAP. VII

Ar. (tb to amend, and render more effectual an act,

Kentb year of bislate majtjiy King George the Second, entitled.

An act to prevent the counterfeiting of gold and silver lace, and, for settling and adjusting the proportions of fine silver and silk, and for the better making of gold and silver thread.

117 H E Rf AS by an act, mactein year of the Preamble. W reign of his late majesty King georgesecond, xj Geo. ».

An a to prevent tbc counterfeiting Of gold and silver lacej and C so.

.... for

33* Anno vicesimo octavo georgii'j1l cr 7. [17js,

for settling and adjufling the proportions of fine Giver and silk; and for the better making of gold and silver thread, ) if is (amongst other things) enabled, That, from and after the for ft tin of July one thousand seven hundred and forty two all copper, bryffa and every other metal inferior to silver, Shall be pup upon tfrnaftf jtar/i, or inkle only, 7*0/ mixed, wove, wrought, oryfit

upon folk, upon pain that each and every person offending tbmm r ' - fall forfeit and pay the sum of five fallings for each and ramp'- ounce fospun, mixed, wove, wrought, r: <nsr^

tfj, notwithstanding the said recited act, great frauds have been earn mi tied by copper or other baste metal being woven or mixed witbftt, and worked up in imitation of gold lace; and it hath also been a furnace for persons to gild and silver copper, brass, or other baste mid, and to spin or weave the same upon [ilk, thread, yarn, or inkle,

to work up the same in imitation oft and to min the same with gfod and silver lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, and baitem, which have been so exaflh counterfeited, that the public have Ijf* greatly imposed upon thereby, which tends to the discouragement^ns well of the'manufacture as of the exportation thereof, and to tbeqfo and wear therebf at born, to the great diminution of the bullim if this kingdojn, inasmuch whatever is used in gilding or fofopmg - / copper is never recovered, and also in diminution ff his Majestfs revenue: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's iqoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of ibj? lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect tauo be fbun parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 131at upon thread, from and after the passing of this act, all copper, brass. yam, or inkle every other metal inferior to silver, shall be spun upon only, . thread, yarn, or inkle only, and not spun, mixed, worn,

wrought, or set upon silk; and that no' person or peefeos whomsoever shall sell or offer or expose to sale, or export spy copper, brass, or other metal inferior to silver, which lhiibjx spun, mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon silk, upon pain on penalty of that each and every person offending therein shall forfeit'

51. per ounce, an pay the sum of five pounds for one ounce, or any quantity less than one ounce, and the further sum of five pounds frounce for each'and every quantity exceeding one ounce, which shall be so spun, mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon | silk, or sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported as aforesaid, to be recovered and disposed of as herein after is mentioned; and, for default of paying down the penalty upon conviction, shall be committed, by the court in which judgement shall be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place, where such person or persons shall be so convicted, there to remain, and to he kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the space of six months, nor. less than three months, ot untilpayment be made of the said and forfeiture penalty; and also upon pain that all such copper, braf$j or of toe metal, other metal inferior to silver, which shall be so fpunt mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon silk, or sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported as aforesaidj shall be forfeited, one

moiety

3 39

ty88.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 7.

moiety thereof to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as (hau file for the faiiie.

ll. And he' it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the passing of this act, no metal inferior No to silver, which shall be gilt and drawn into wire, or flatted in ^wnorfat to phte, shall be spun or wrought into or upon, or mixed with tc(j for lace, fringe, chrd, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, inglace, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or set upon (ilk, or made into builion, spangles, or purl, or any other materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or in imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or of any of the materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them; and that no person or persons whomsoever shall fell, or offer or expose to sale, or export, any metal inferior to silver, which shall be gilt and drawn into wire, or flatted into plate, and spun or woven, or wrought into or upon, or mixed with lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or set upon silk, or made into builion, spangles, or purl, or any other materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in«the gold and silver lace manufactory as aforesaid, or which shall imitate, or be meant or intended to imitate, lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or any of the materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, upon pain that each and every per on ptnalty of fen offending therein shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds jl per ounce, for one ounce, or any quantity less than one ounce, and the further sum of five pounds per ounce for each and every quantity exceeding one ounce, which shall be so spun or wrought into or upon, or mixed with lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or set upon silk, or made into builion, spangles, or purl, or any other materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or in imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or button, made in the gold and silver lace manu factory, or of any of the materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, or sold, or offered or exposed to Tale, or exported as aforesaid; and for default of paying down the penalty oh conviction, shall be committed, by the eourt in which judgement hall be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place, where such person or persons shall be so convicted, there to remain, and to be kept to hard labour, for any time

not

and forfeiture of the metal

Anno vicesimo octavo georgiiiii. tvf. [<?**

not exceeding the space of six month, nor left than months, or until payment be made of the said penalty^also upon pain that all such metal inferior to silver, which'be gilt nd so fynm of wrought into or upon, or mixed lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or made in/the gold and silver lace manufadory, or set upon br made mo builion, spangles, or purl, or any other I used or to be used in the making or manufacturing f fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, M.P.. in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or in imitation if Mb fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, laewl the gold and fiiver lace manufadory, or of any of the rials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing imqfe of, or of any of them, or sold, or offered or exposed to faffc or exported as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one moiety theartff to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the otmf moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue for tie same.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid To limit the That, from and after the passing of this act, no copper, brass proportion of or other metal, which shall be silvered and drawn into wire, at hcmw°w flatted into plate, or made into builion, spangles, or purl, of wire, PP€ any other materials used or to be used in the making or maim fadoring of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work Of buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufadory, or 4 imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work Of buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufadory, or if any of the materials used or to be used in the making or tfiaimfe* faduring thereof, or of any of them, shall hold more, or bra a higher or greater proportion than three pennyweight of a silver upon or to the pound weight avoirdupois of such coppxfe brass, or other metal $ and that no person or persons whoiulip* ever shall sell, or offer or expose to sale, or export, aoy copper, brass, or other metal, which shall be silvered and draw into wire, or flatted into plate, or made into builion, (pan gles, or purl, or any other materials used or to be used in tb making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufadory, or in imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver ited manufadory, or of any of the materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, and which shall hold more, or bear a higher' or greater proportion than three pennyweight of fine silver upon or to the pound weight avoirdupois of such copper, brafc, or other metal, upon on penalty of pain that each and every person offending therein, shall fortius jl. perounce, and pay the sum of five pounds for one ounce, or any quantity less than one ounce, and the further sum of five pounds pir ounce for each and every quantity exceeding, one ounce, whxii shall hold more, or bear a higher or greater proportion than three pennyweight of fine silver opon or to the pound weight

by

X Anno vicfefimb o£uvo Georgii UK C 7. 441

avoirdupois of such copper, brifs, or other metal, or shall be

sold, or offered or exposed to file, or exported as aferesaid; and

for default of paying down the penalty upon conviction, shall

be committed, by the court in which judgement shall be given

thereon, to the house of correction of the county, city, liberty, or

plt&e, where such person or persons shall be so convicted, there

to remain, and be kept to hard labour, for any time not cxj

ceeding the space of six months, nor less than three months, or

until payment be made of the said penalty; and also upon pain and forfeiture

that all such copper, brass, or other metal, which shall hold oftl|c metal.

more, or bear a higher or greater proportion than three pennyweight

of fine silver upon or to the pound weight avoirdupoit

+of such copper, brass, or other metal, or be sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue for the same.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no copper, brass, No bare me or other metal inferior to silver, whether the same be gilt, or tal to. he mix silvered, or darned, or coloured, or otherwise, shall be worked e up or mixed with gold or silver, in any manufacture of lace, r*fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory and that no person or persons whomsoever shall fell, or offer or expose to sale, or export, any copper, brass, or other metal inferior to silver, whether the same be gilt, or silvered, or stained, or coloured, or otherwise, which shall be worked up or mixed with gold or silver, in any manufacture of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, upon pain that each and every person offending Penalty of 51. therein, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for one l*r ounce ounce, or any quantity less than one ounce, and the further sum of five pounds per ounce for each and every quantity exceeding one ounce of such lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, which shall be so worked up, or mixed, or sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported, as aforesaid; and for default of paying down the penalty upon conviction, shall be committed, by the court in which judgement shall be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place, where such person or persons shall be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of six months, nor less than three months, or until payment be made of the said penalty, and also upon and forfei pain that all such lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour tur* fthc work, or buttons, which shall be so worked up, or mixed, or mct sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported, as aforesaid,

shall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue Cor the same.

34*

Forfeitures, half to the King and half to the informer.

Persons sued may plead the general issue,

and recover treble costs.

Limitation of altioiu.

Public act.

Preamble.

14 Geo. felt.. C s, recited.

Anno vicesimo octavo gborgii 111. C f ryw.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

all forfeitures and pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in manner following; (that is to jap) one moiety thereof shall belong to the king's majesty, his kon and fucceubrs, and the other moiety thereof, with full coftsef 'salt, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westmiuftir % by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbin,protection, privilege, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed. 1

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatt if any person or persons shall be (ued or prosecuted for what her or they shall do in the execution of this act, he or they may plead the general issue, and give this act and the fpccia! mauer; in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become ooa suit, or shall discontinue his or their action or actions, or If a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, then such defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, for which there shall be the like remedy as in other cases where costs are allowed to defendants.

VII Provided always, That every action, bill, plaint, or information, to be had, brought, sued, commenced, or ex lubited for any penalty or forfeiture incurred, for or by reason of any offence committed against this act, shall be had, brought, commenced, sued, or exhibited, within six calendar months next after the offence committed, or after the discovery thereof.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeki, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub jick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VIII

An act for removing any doubt respecting the power of the commijju* ers for the affairs of India, to direst that the expenee of raijmg, transporting, and maintaining, futb troops as may be judged neuf fary for the security of the British territories and possesstcns in tbt East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the revenues arising frmtbe said territories and possessions; and for limiting the application of the said revenues in the manner therein mentioned.

WHEREAS, by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of tie reign of his prej'ent Majtjly, (entitled, An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East Indio company, and of the British possessions in India; and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effcdtual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies), his Majesty is empowered to nominate and appoint a board of emmf fionersjor the affairs of India; and whereas, by the said act, the said board of commissioners is invested with thefuperinteniance and eontrni over all the British territorial possessms in the East Indies, and over

343

yyst) Anno vicesimo txftavo georgii III C 3.

tb affairs of the united company of merchants trading thereto, in the manner in the said act directed j and is likewise authorised and em ffu/trti from time to time tofuperintend % direct, and control all acts operations, and concerns, which in any wise relate to the civil or military government or revenues of the said poffiffons, in the manner in the said act dire died: and whereas the court of directors of the said company is required by the said act to pay due obedience to, and to be govermd and bound by, such orders and directions as the foetid court ball from time to time receive from the said boards touching the civil br military government and revenues of the said possessions: and where as, never t he less, doubts have been raijed, whether the said commissioners arc, tinder the said acly empowered at any time to dire CL y that the expente of raising, transporting9 and maintaining such forces as may be judged neccjjhry for the security of the Bririfh territories and pojjifjions in the Ealt Indies, hall be defrayed out of the revenues arising from the said territories and pofffftqnsy nnlefs such troops are sent at the express requisition of the east-india company \ and particularly whether, under the circumstances now exijlingy the said commissioners are not refrained by certain provisions contained in the said acty from giving such dire Chons with rejpeci to the expense of raising, transportingy and maintaining any forces which may be sent to India for the security of the said pcjjessions, in addition to the forces now there: and whereas it appears tbaty by reafet: of the said doubt sy the said directors have delayed to take measures for tranjporting in the said company s ships the forces which his Majesty has judged necessary to be sent to India for the security of the said possessions: therefore, for obviating every such doubt, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituai and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af (embled, and by the authority of the same, That the said board of Board of ccm commissioners for the affairs of India was and is by the said nt under

fully authorised and empowered to order and direct that all the fhe^ecited C expenses incurred, or to be hereafter incurred, for raising, trans at, empower poning, and maintaining such forces as shall be sent to India for ed to direct all the security of the said territories and possessions, shall be paid, ^nce^or dcfrayed, andborne out of the revenues arising from the said terri forceflent\o tones and pofiessions; and that nothing in the said act contain India, to be CD extended or extends, or shall be construed to extend, to re defrayed out ftra'm or to have retrained the said commissioners from giving^such orders or directions as aforesaid, with respect to the expense territories t>f raising, transporting, atid maintaining any forces which may there, be sent to India for the security of the said pofiessions, in addition to the forces now there.

II Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the said commissioners to commission give or approve any such dire<f\ion as aforesaid, with respect to ^j^n^for the payment of any greater number of his majesty's forces than ?h7payment shall amount in the whole to eight thousand and fortyfive men, of a greater including the Commissioned and non commillioned officers; or number of of the European forces of the Eqfl India company, than shall

Vol. XXXVI A a amount pcc

344 Anno vicesimo o&avq georgii III p. 9. [ 1788,

amount in the whole to twelve thousand two hundred men, in eluding the commissioned and noncommissioned officers.

III And whereas it is expedient that further provisions Should he made for limiting the application of the said revenues, with refpeq to the establijbed salaries and allowances to be paid there form to any per a tn India, and with respect to any extraordinary allowances or gratuities to he paid therefrom to any person on account of fervius performed in India be it therefore further enacted by the authority Commission aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the cotnmissioners for m not to give the affairs of India to give, or cause to be given, any directions, increasine fa or^cr'ns or authorising, by any dispatches to be sent to India, lanes beydnd the increase of the establifoed salaries, allowances, or emolu the amount ments of any office in the service of the said company, beyond fixed by or the amount to which the same are now fixed by the orders which have beenfent ave ^cen ^cnt to unlek such increase shall be specified and to India, un contained in same dispatch proposed by the said court of di reclefs proposed tors to be sent to India, and transmitted by them to the aid by the direc commissioners for their approbation j and unless an account of tors, C the altual salaries, allowances, and emoluments of such office, and of the ipereafe oroposed to be made therein, with the reasons for such increase, shall have been laid before both houses of parliament thirty days befbre such dispatch shall be sent.

Commission IV And be it further enabled, That it shall not be lawful for ers not to give the said commissioners to give, or cause to be given, any direc m^me^nt of r tonne fr payment of ny extraordinary allowance or gratuity any*gratuity, from the revenues, to any person, on account of services but such as' performed in India, or on any other account whatever, to any shall be fpeci greater amount, or to any other person, than shall be specified fief h°so"o anc co, lta*ncd ^omc dispatch proposed by the said court of fi pofedty the re<^ors to be sent to India, and transmitted by them to the said directors, C commissioners for their approbation; and that in every case where any such directions shall be lb eiven, a distinct account of all such allowances or gratuities shall oe added to the next lid of eftablj foments laid before parliament by the said court of directors.

Directors to V An be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That hv'd's* ^ireflors f le united company shall, within the fir liamenun*an fourteen sitting days after the first day of February in every year, nual account lay before each of the two houses of parliament respectively, an of the pro account (made up according to the latest advices) of the annual rvec °eah<f pt0cluce of the revenues (distinguifoing the same under the several the^respec heads thereof) at their several presidencies respectively, and erf tive prefiden the annual disbursements at each of the said presidencies and fet cies, C tlements respectively (distinguifoing the same under the several heads thereof), and or the amount of the bond and other debts at each of the said presidencies respectively, the rate of interest which such debts respectively carry, and the annual amount of such interest.

CAP. IX

An act for enabling the right honourable George earl Brook and carl of Warwick, to build a new bridge over the river Avon, in the borough of Warwick) and to open proper rodbs and ways thereto.

S4S

17&8.] anno vicdbrao octavo gfiordll III C io — 17.

CAP. X

An act for putting down the church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, In«the county of Middlesex, and for building a new church, and making«new churchyard, or cemetery, in the said fuciiht with convenient avenues and paitageg hereto.

CAP. XI

An for defraying the charge of the par and cloatbing of the militia io that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning^the twenty-fifth day of March oticthotuand fcvtn hundred and tighty eight.

CAP. XII

An act sot pcfcifhlhg mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters — — of fbrees 17, 697, including II 0 invalids.

CAP. XIII

An act for enlarging and varying fbw^of the powers contained in certain acts of parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and deanf fng the streets and other places within the town of Liverpool, gnd for armoring and preventing nlhfrncot nd annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV

Aw act for more effedfrtally draining and preferring certain fen lands and low prowads io the manor or township of North Kyme, in the oonaty of Lincoln.

CAP. XV

An act for fopplyfng with water the town of South Shields, mid parti adjacent, and the Slipping referring to the find town.

CAP. XVI

An act for repelling art ad, made in the fecund and third years of the neigft of King Edward the Sixth, entitled, An act again ft the carrying of white aihes oiit of the realm.

CAP. XVII

An ab for the better regulation of the manufaburt of ounce thread.

WHEREAS the variety of reels used and the methods prac Preamble.

tifed, in making up ounce or nun's thread, for sale, have of late introduced great Uncertainty, and given opportunity to many frauds ruinous to the fair trader, and to that Valuable manufacture: for re needy whereof may it pleaft your Majesty that it may be enabled and be it enacted by the king's moil excellent mljesty* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common, in this present parliament aisembled, and by the authority of the same That, from and after the first day of June, in From fitnc r, the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, the reel 1788, reels of used in reeling or'making up that kind of thread commonly cal j.cfs circum lcd Ounce or Nun's Thread, shall be one yard, or thirty-six inches yard, used in circumference $ and that such person or persons who shall; n making thereafter use, in reeling or making up ounce or nun's thread ounce thread, in? red or reals left than one yard or thirty-six inches in t6°c^rfcit.cd» 1 ailcir andalf0*1'

jt

[1788.

In what man ner ounce thread ie t made up.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 17. circumference, and shall be convicted thereof in manner. herein after mentioned, shall forfeit the reel or reels ib used, which shall be broken, burnt, and destroyed, and shall also pay for every such offence, to the person 6r persons who.shall inform and sue for the same, the sum of five pounds, to be levied in manner also herein after mentioned.

II And be it enacied by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said first day of Juney all ounce or nun's thread madcudt0bc manufactured in Great Britain, shall be made up in hanks, ounces, quarters, and pounds, avoirdupoife weight, each hank containing thirty threads or rounds of the said reel of one yard or thirty-six inches in circumference, of the same quality and fineness; each ounce containing a particular number of such hanks entire, of the same quality and fineness, and no fradtons or broken parts of a hank; and each quarter containing four such ounces, of the same quality and fineness; and each pound containing four such quarters, of the same quality and fineness; and the cover of each pound or finaller package of such thread shall be marked with a (lamp, ascertaining the contents of such package to be ounce or nun's thread, and specifying the number of hanks in each ounce thereof, and expressing the manufacturer's name and place of abode: and that no person or persons whatsoever shall, from and after the said first day of June, reel or make up any such thread in any other or different manner than as aforesaid, or sell or expose to ale any ounce or nun's thread manufactured in Great Britainr but such as is reelect, made up, Persons raak and damped in.manner aforesaid; that such person or persons UP ounce who, after the said first day of June shall reel or make up any trary hereto lhread n another or different manner than as aforesaid, or

or selling the who shall fell, or expose to sale, any such thread of the manufac same, to for ture of Great Britain, so reeled or made up in another or dif feitthe ferent manner than as aforesaid, knowing the same to be form amfiol.for properly reeled or made up, and shall be convicted thereof as each pound herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay to the person or per weight there fons Who shall inform and sue for the same, the thread so reeled f or made up contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, and

the sum of ten pounds for each pound thereof, avoirdupoife Not to extend weight, to be levied .in manner after mentioned: provided alto thread of Ways, That nothing in this act contained shall be extended to the hank 8 in such ounce or nun's thread, of forty threads in the hank, as manufactured shall be bona side manufactured and made up and on hand at the prior to June said first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

III And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That such person or persons who shall imitate or counterfeit the mark or (lamp used by any manufacturer of such thread, in order to same, and the make the thread therewith damped pass for the manufacture of thread, aaalfo the person whose damp is so counterfeited, or who shall mark or (lamp any thread with a stamp so counterfeited, or who shall fell, or expose to sale, any thread so marked with a counterfeit stamp, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and shall be con

vickcd

i, 1788. Persons counterfeiting damps, See. to forfeit the

lol.

1788.] aiuio: viccfimoofikgvoceorgii III €iji 347

yided thereof in mapner after meftfioned, shall, in every such case, forfeit all such damp or (lamp, to be broken and dedroy ed, and shall alfb forfeit, to and fqr the use of the person whose (lamp is so counterfeited, the thread so damped with such counterfeited damp, and the sum of ten pounds, to be levied in manner herein after mentioned,

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for any two or mptc judices of Justices may the peace of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, determine of withir. which any offence againd this act shall be committed, or fences against within which the offenders shall reside or be found, to hear and 1 18 a*determine all offences againd this act; and such judices are hereby empowered and required, on information exhibited, or complaint to them made in writing in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter, and upon proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession, or by examination of the party accused, or by the oath of two or more credible witnesses, to give judgement for the forfeitures and penalties, according as in and by this act; is directed, and to issue their warrant for carrying such sentences into execution, and for levying the penalties by didrefs and sale (if not redeemed within ten days) of the offender'* jgooxls or effects, rendering the overplus, if any shall be, after deducing the charge of such didrefs and sale, to the owner or owners thereof and in case such goods or effects cannot be found fuf andmaycom ficient for payment of the said penalties, then to commit the of "I sender or offenders to the gaol of the county, riding, division, mwngpenal city, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, ties,there to remain for the space of three months, unless such penalties be sooner paid and satisfied*if any person or per Persons ag foris (full find him or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of grieved may any such judices, then he or they shall or may, upon giving fe ^nera^quar curity to make good the sentence, and to pay such costs as shall sessions. bcoidered in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the judices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for fush county, riding, division, city, town, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upoa oath, and finally to hear and determine the same and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such judices to order the appellant to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

V Provided always, and be it enabled, That it shall be law Penalties may full to, and in the power of the said judices of the peace, and also* of the said quarter sessions, to modify arid mitigate the said

penalties, in such manner as to them shall seem expedient, provided that such penalties shall in no case be reduced below one half, and the full cods of the prosecution.

VI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any Witnesses not person or persons shall he summoned as a witness or witnesses, attending, to. to give evidence before such judices of the peace, touching any forfcit $*

of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the pro aa fecutor.

34«

Onus pro bandi to lie upon the. owner of the thread.

Annarkesimo octavo Georgii lit. C [1788.

feeutor, Or the person or persons accused, and shall negledk or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, er their neglect or refusal, to be allowed by such justicea of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit, to and for the tlfe of the prosecutor, the sum of five pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as is hereiir before directed as to other penalties, besides being liable to be compelled to appear and give evidence by means of another fumtnosu, under the like penalty, or any other means known and pra&fed in the law in similar cases.

VII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when any thread shall "be seized in purfoance of the powers contained in this act, and it shall be alleged or pleaded that such thread is of foreign manufacture, the Qmu Probandi shall lie upon the owner of such thread; and if the owner of such thread shall soil in such proof, the thread b seized shall be forfeited, and the owners made liable to the penalty before mentioned.

CAP. XVIII

An act for raising a certain Turn of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fenrice of the year one tboniand seven hundred and eighty eight. —*3, 500, 000!. to be taifed by this act.

CAP. XIX

An act for raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the ferrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight. -- a, ooo, ooql. to be raised by this act, in manner as by malt aft.

CAP. XX

An act for amending an act made in the twenty sixth year of his fire sent Majesty's reign, for the encouragement of the fouthem whale fifllery$ and for making further provisions for that purpost,

Preamble. f HEREAS by an act made and pojfed in the twenty sixth6 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Mojejiy, (entitled, An ac.

jo, recited, for the encouragement of the southern whale fishery), certain premiums, for a limited time, are allowed to twenty hips or vffels employed in the fmd fi/bery* under the limitations and restrictions in the fold aft contained: and whereas for fifteen of such ships or vessels the premiums are to be allowed, on condition that t hey/ball have been fitted and cleared out, conformably to the dirtftions of the said act after the first day i?/may W before the first day of September one thousand seven Imndred and fightyfix, and between the first day of May and the'first day of September in each succeeding year, and ball return into some port of Great Britain bfore the first day of July, in tbewr subsequent to that in which they cleared out; and to five other ofjucb ships or vessels the premiums are to be allowed on condition that such Jbtps or vtffus bad have been fitted and cleared out, conformably to fbe directions of the find reeked aft? and fimll Gaol within the tom

herein

Aimer victfgnfj0( 6^b[v(tgeoit6i^ III c.20. 345

htrein befort mdntioned, and/ball return into forhe potin Great Britt* ti hi not lift than eighteen months, And not more thdn twenty-eight monthsfront tie fit ft day May in they eat in which they cleared out; and whereas it is expedient that the foetid recited act Should be amended, in regard to the times when the Ships or vessels proceeding on the aid fi/hety ate required to clear out from and to return to Great Britain;

And it is also proper that further inducements Should be held out to en courage and extend the jaidfishery; may it therefore pleafeyottr ma jeflj that it rnay he enabled, and be it enacted by the King'* most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confetti: of the! lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in ffii* pfelertf parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from .From April and after the fifteenth day of April in the present ytut one thou 15*7#* the sand seven hundred and eighty eight, the respective premiums, granted by the said recited act to the fifteen ships or veffetetoss it therein particularly mentioned, shall, during the time for fhipg, flull be which the said premiums are granted by the said act, be paid andf allowed to allowed to Arch fifteen ships or vessels as shall be fitted and clearuchji!cicar ed out, under the conditions, regulation, and restrictions of (hat so^as the said act, between the said fifteenth day of April and the first Nov. 1, 17s#/ day of November, in the present year one thousand seven hundred and between dnd eighty eight, and between the first day of January and the J, n first day of November in tocty succeeding year, and shall return ^vuc tofotne port in Great Britain on or before the first day of Sep cceding year, (ember, in the year ftibfequent to that in Which such ships or and return by vessels shall have been fitted and cleared out; and that the re fpt* ?»the

Sfdtiv'e premiums, granted by the said recited act to the five thd

ips or vessels as therein particularly mentioned, (halt, during premiums the same period, be paid' arid allowed to such five ships or vel granted to s fels as shall be fitted and cleared out, in like manner, between i*fp9 jjjan* Ae said fifteenth day of April and the first day of November, in clw Ae present year one thousand fevert hundred and eighty eight, out within the arid between the first day of January and the first day of Noverti same periods her in every succeeding year, and which shall return to same" d return by port in Great Britain on or before the thirty first day of decern ter, in the year subsequent to that in which such ship or vd&i quent to their shall have been fitted and cleared out, but not in less time than clearing otit. fourteen months from the clearing out of such ship or veffei.

If. And, for the further encouragement and extenfiort of the said jljbery, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during Additional the time for which premiums are granted to twenty ships or vef feuby the said hereiri before mentioned act, made arid passed three of the in the twenty (ixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the ao ^ips to fartral additional premiums herein after mentioned shall be paid which pre and allowed, under the Conditions, regulations, and reftridtions^miums arc of the said act, and of this present act, to the owner or owners of three ships or vessels which shall be fitted and cleared out C condi from some port of Great Britain of Ireland, or the islands of tions herein Guernsey, Jeffery, or Man, between the fifteenth day of April and specified. the first day of November, in the present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and between the first day of January

A 34 and

How far ship may fail, that carry on th fishery to the eastward or westward of Cape Horn, or through the strcightb of Magellan; which ships mu ft have a licence from the east-india and South Sea companies, etc.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C aa £178*.

and the first day of November in every succeeding year and which shall double Cape Horn, or pass though the Sireigbn efr. Magellan intoxhefouthseas, and carry on the said fishery, duriu^ the space of four months, to the westward of Cape Horn in thde seas, that is to say; To the owner or owners of such (hiper vessel as shall be so fitted and cleared out, and shall To carry an the said fishery, and shall return to some port in Great Britain' on or before the first day of December s the second year after that in which such ship or vessel shall have so fitted and cleared out, but not in lef$ time than eighteen months from the clearing out of such ship or vessel, and which shall so return with the greatest quantity of oil or head matter (being not less in the whole than thirty tonnes, caught during the said voyage either outward or homeward), there shall be paid and allowed the premium of eight hundred pounds; and to the owner or owners of the ship or vessel which shall be so fitted and cleared out, and which shall return as aforesaid with the next greatest quantity of oil or head matter (being not less in the whole than thirty tonnes, .caught during the said voyage either outward or homeward), there shall be paid and allowed seven hundred pounds; and to the owner or owners of the ship or vessel which shall be so fitted and cleared out, and which shall return as aforesaid with the next greatest quantity of oil or head matter (being not less in the whole than thirty tonnes, caught during the said voyage either outward or homeward), there shall be paid and allowed the sum of six hundred pounds.

III And be it further ensued by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any ship or vessel, employed in carrying on the said southern whale fishery to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, to sail or pals as far as the equator northward, and as far as fifty-one decrees longitude east from London, and no further; and for any ship or vessel, employed in carrying on the said fishery to the west ward of Cape Horny or through the Speights of Magellan, to sail and pass as far as the equator northward, and as far as one hundred and eighty degrees longitude west from London, and no further: provided always, That every ship or vessel, which shall fail or pass to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the west ward of Cape Horn, or through the Straights of Magellan, shall be obliged to have a licence from the East India and South Sea companies, and the master shall be obliged to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a certificate, as requiied by the said act, made in the twenty sixth year of his present majesty's reign, rci'pecting ships allowed to proceed to the respective limits therein mentioned, on the terms and conditions, and subject to the piovisions in that act prescribed; and every such ship or vessel, lieenfed pursuant to this atft, the owner or owners, and the master and crew thereof, shall be subject and liable to all and every the terms, conditions, and provisions, in, and by the said al of the twenty sixth year of his present majesty's reign prescribed, and shall be liable to dll and every the penalties and forfeitures in such a provided.

and

1788.} Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 20, 351

an iotcnded for things done or omitted tq be done, contrary to the rules and regulations in the said act provided with regard to tipps or vessels passing the Cape of Good Hope or Gapt Horn or the Stfiights of Magellan.

IV Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, the united company of merchants of England India

trading to the East India, shall not be required or obliged to Pcd tod<>t

grant any licence for any ship or vessel to fail to or pass within grarft^ny lithe limits of their excluftve trade round the Cape of Good Hope, cence until until the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, or the major bond be given part of such owners, if there shall be more than one owner, shall have entered into and executed a bond to the said united com onboard etc! pany, in the penalty of two thousand pounds, with a condition '

to be thereunder written for payment to the said united company of the sum of one thousand pounds, as a forfeiture to the use of the said united company, over and above the forfeitures and penalties, mentioned in the said act of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in case any goods or merchandizes whatsoever (other than and except the stores of such ship or vessel, and the tackle, materials, and other things necessary for the purpose of the voyage) shall be taken into or put on board such ship or vessel, for or upon her outward voyage; or in case such ship or vessel shall have taken on board, in any part of the voyage homeward before her arrival in Great Britain, any goods or merchandise of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the East Indies, or any islands, ports, havens, coasts, cities, towns, or places, between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan, to the value of one hundred pounds or upwards, computing the same according to the value in England, except such provisions,

(fores, or clothing, as it may at any time during the voyage have become necessary for the said ship's crew to take on board, for the sole use of the said crew.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That If anything in case anything shall be done by any ship or vessel, licensed as [hi^anljthe aforesaid, or by the owner or owners, matter or crew thereof, in recited act be any way respecting the rights and privileges of the said united done by any company, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this and licensed ship, the said former act, the owner or owners of the said ship or vef "ot C

fel shall not afterwards be entitled to require, nor shall the said future licence, united company be obliged to grant or give to them, or any of them, any future licence for the same, or for any other ship or vessel to proceed within the limits of the said company's exclusive trade.

VI And be it further enacted. That in case any ship or vessel, Governor of to be licensed by the said united company as aforesaid, shall touch St Helena, at the island of Saint Helena, or shall be found within the limits f A

before described, it shall and may be lawful to and for the go hips, 1CCD C vernor of Saint Helena, the commander of any ship or vessel be*to or in the service of the said company, or any personutborifed or deputed by them respectively, or to and for any

agent.

3$»

and if smy goods be found they shall be forfeited, etc.

Anna vkdano o&atfo gftjrotl ill G( (

(peoisily authorised tkdeputed fat that purpose said company, nd rtfiding at any place Within flic HU'. dc(cribed, to (Starch and examine such lioeftfed ship car see if any goods or merchandizes shall be on board her, to the provisons of the fa id alt of the twenty fact hr present majesty's reign, and of (his ad; and in C goods or merchandizes shall be found in Of cw board Off vessel, on (rich (Search or examination, the same (half be to tlte bid united company, and (he owner or metier of the said ship of vessel - be tablet penalties and farfertonss for trading contrary to the party's charters; and if (hat) and may he lawful to and for united company, and the pertdns sforefetd, on the beha the We of the said company, td feide and take away ft and merchandizes to and for the use of the said united and to send them home to the said united company, or' and diijpofo thereof to the use of the said company, as'think fit.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority That it Avail and may be lawful for the said ships at which shall be so fitted and cleared out as aforesaid, for

Ships fitted out for the purpose of

Cape of Good through the Streigbts of jlfageildn, not being of left Hope, etc. hundred tonnes burden to be properly, fumished with^fh d th ammunition for refinance and defence provided the arm?, CC on owners of such [hips or vessels, before clearing out, staff obtaining a 1i*licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britan,cence from the commissioners for executing the office of lord high ad admiralty, tic time being, authorising the same.

VIII And be it further enatflerf by the authority

and the ad That the lord high admiral of Great Britain or the miralty may goners for executing the office of lord high admiral for t t^fech^w* isaod are hereby authorised and empowered to g

on the condi Kcentte for arming, in such eases as to him or them tions herein fit and proper; provided that there shall have been exhi

hmv or them a1 Certificate, under the hands and seats of the missioner of his majesty's customs (which certificate hereby authorised and retired to give), testifying that f or veum is entered out for the purpose of doubling the Good Hope or Gdpe Pforrl, Or passing through the Str/ Magellan; and provided also, that the owner or owners ship or vefle} fesdl have entered into a bond, with two (i sureties, in the sum of one rhoufand pounds, with that fetch arms and ammunition hall not be used for any t fed purpose.. merely for refinance and defence in cases voluntary hoftilhy.

IX And be it' Amber enacted by the authority t That rto ship or vessel whatever fhsfl beitttitled, within

mentioned

No ship entitled to more than one additional pre

ti, C ph»ds of time itfpcflfively limited by this tdt mafcp two*fiitp or vmm to feitort audio return froth such voyage,

17s8.j a*no vicesimo octavo Georgii III C to. 353

that one Of the additional premiums hereby granted, although voyage in such ship or vessel Hull make two voyages within any one of the th l'e periods aforesaid. stoss

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That j premjam

no premium whatever, granted by the said act passed in the to be allowed twenty sixth year of his present majesty's reign, or by this act, any teflw shall be paid and allowed to the owner or owners of any ship or which fcall vessel which shall clear out after the fifteenth day of April, in the*ggr

present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, on asters it be*the said fishery, unlcfe it Hull appear by certificates from the certified that proper officers of the customs, that such ship or vessel was visited, (he was yifited and the crew by them respectively mustered, as well before the

clearing out of such ship or vessel for the said fiihery, at on her*return to any port in Great Britain, any law, custom, or triage to the contrary notwithstaoding. '

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That no ship or vessel which after the fifteenth day of April oat "or unless she

thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, shall be fitted or?7 rei

cleared out for the said fishery, mall be entitled to any of the

premiums, granted either by the said act passed in the twenty

firth years his present majesty's reign, or by this present act,

unkfs such ship or vessel shall have been duly regiftorcd pursuant

to the terms and directions of an act passed in the twenty sixth

year of his majest/s reign, (entitled. An act for tbt further in

trtafe and encouragement of hipping and navigation.)

XIL And be it forther enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the several additional premiums granted by this act, shall ren?, 'ln!* be paid by such and the like person, and in such and the like fbfsaa to^be manner, and under such and the like conditions, rules, regu paid agreeable iariont, and restrictions, as is and are' directed and prescribed in to the rule of andty.the said herein before recited act, made and passed in the^recited twenty sixth year of the reign of hit present Majesty, and in and* by this present, ad.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all oil, head matter, or other produce of fish or creatures jjfiljdc. may living in the feaa, caught and taken in any part of the ocean by duty^uee in the crew of any ship of vessel so fitted and cleared out as afore thipa fitted said, for the several additional premiums granted by this act, out agreeable and which Dull so double Cape Horn, or pass through the to this act.

Sirrigittof Magellan and so cairy on the said fishery in the South Stas, shall, upon importation into Great, be admitted to entry, and landed under the usual restrictions and regulations, without payment of any duty whatever.

XIV And be h further enacted by the authority aforesaid1.

That if any person or persona, not being a subject or subje&sof Foreigner his Majesty, who has or have been heretofore employed in whobavecar canrying on the whale fiihery, and being the owner or owners fisherv f any Blip or vessel, and intending to reside, together with Iris^years, m their family or families, in this kingdom, for the purpose of and coming cantiaumg to canyon such fishery from hence, (Ml, cm or with their tefbfe the fir sit day of Jemary one moofand seven hundred and

ninety, uugjoct

354 Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 20. [178k

before Jan. r, ninety, come into this kingdom, together with his or their 179°* may family or families, and shall bring any ship or vessel or ships to carrion or veff^s> built before the first day of January one thouseol the whale fish seven hundred and eighty eight, to Great Britain, the number cry from of such ships or vessels not exceeding forty in the whole Great Britain manned with any number of seamen or fishermen, not less thaw (hipsbuflt twelve in number, having been heretofore employed in carvj^ before Jan. i, ing on the said fishery in every such ship or vessel; and it fhril 1788, not ex be made appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of ceeding 40, his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, by etc the oaths (or affirmations, if of the people called Quakers) of

such owners respectively, (which oaths or affirmations the said commissioners are hereby respectively authorised and im powered to administer), and by other means, that he or they have been so employed in carrying on the said fishery for three years next previous to his or their arrival, and that he or they, together with his or their family or families (if any they (nail have), are then actually resident in Great Britain, and that twelve such seamen and fishermen at the least are brought into Great Britain in every such ship or vessel, and the same shall be certified by the said commissioners in England and Scotland respectively to his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefltors, by and with the advice of his privy council, if he shall see just cause foto do, to grant to the owner or owners of every such ship or vessel or ships or vessels, not exceeding in the whole forty in number, a licence or licences to fit out any such ship or vessel for the sole purpose of carrying on the said whale fishery from Great Britain, and to employ such ship or vessel in carrying on the same; and every such ship or vessel shall, from and after the granting of such licence as aforesaid, during the continuance of such licence, enjdy all the privileges and advantages which now by law belong, or may at any time hereafter belong, to any british ship or vessel employed in the said fishery (except the premiums granted by this act, and by the hereinbefore recited act, made and passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty), and shall be allowed to import oil, and all other produce of the whale fishery, subject to the regulations and provisions herein before contained, and free from all duties whatever, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Such foreign That if any such ship or vessel, so licensed as aforesaid, shall as hae ave een cmpl°ycc* by such owner or owners as aforesaid, in ried^n the carrying on the whale fishery from Great Britain, or shall be whale fishery continued in carrying on such fishery, in case of his or their from Great decease, during five successive seasons and it shall be made ap britain for pear to the |atisfadion of the commissioners of his majesty*s ymrs^may be customs in England and respectively, by a certificate or

regiftcredas certificates, under the hands of the minister and churchwar british built dens of the xespective parish or parishes'in which the owner or flnps, C owners

355

Owners osso

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C o.

owners of every such ship or vessel shall have resided, and by other proper means, that he or they, or his or their family orfamilies, have been resident in such parish or parities re fpeduvely for the space of five years fudeeflively, and the same shall be certified by the said commissioners refpcdtively to his Majesty; then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for his majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his privy council, to authorise the owner or owners to register every such ship or vessel as shall have been so brought into this kingdom, and employed as aforesaid in the whau fifbery from thence for five successive seasons, by virtue of such licence as aforesaid, in like manner is if the same was a british built ship: by british subjedb, arid navigated according td?.*faw; and every such owner of owners shall also from thencefbrth, in refpeef of every such ship or vessel, be entitled to all such premiums as arfc granted to british built ships and vessels employed in carrying on the said fishery; ahd they, and each of them, shall have and enjoy the rights, privileges, and advantages of natural born subjedb of Great Britain in like manner, and subject to the like disabilities, as the same may be granted to aliens by Tpecial acts of parliament.

XVI Provided always. That all and every owner or owners of every such ship or vessel, before he or they shall be ad r.ei^ship, n mitted to register any such ship or Vessel - before they shaft g^red, torc" have and enjoy the rights, privileges, and advantages, of a take the oath natutal born subjedfc of Great Btitain, shall take and subscribe of allegiance.' the oath of allegiance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in one of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Edinburgh, or at the general or quarter sessions of the peace held in the place where he or they reside; oath shall be in rolled by the court wherein the same shall be taken and fub feribed, on payment of the like sum or sums to the officer or officers of such court for entering the same, as are or shall be payable by law on the entry of such oath in the courts aforesaid, in any case where the same is by law required.

xvii. And, for the further encouragement of such person or persons, not being a subject or subjects of his Majesty, to come and efla blijb himself or them]elves in this kingdom, for the purpose of carry ing on the said fishery, in the manner before mentioned; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the IX ships or vef six ships of fels belonging to such person or persons, not being a subject or foreignersfirst subjedb of his Majesty as aforesaid, which shall tirft arrive in fi^tin^great" any port of this kingdom, in the manner and on the condi Britain to be tions before mentioned, shall be allowed to import cargoes of allowed to oil or head matter, being the produce of any fish, or creatures import oil, living in the Teas, caught by the crews of such ships or vessels, subject to the duties and conditions following; that is to f3y, herein mcn the Ship or veflet belonging to such person or persons as afore honed, hid, which shall first arrive in manner before mentioned, shall be allowed to import any quantiry of oil or head matter, being the produce of any fish, or creatures living in the sea, caught

by

3£& Anno vicesimo octavo qso&on IIL Cou[ [

by the crew of the said ship or veflej, not exceeding (Seventy tet^. each tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two gajjoot, withod payment of any duty whatsoever; the two hips or vefiek belonging to such person or persons a aforesaid, which shall mad arrive in manner before mentioned, ihali be allowed to import any quantity of oil or head matter, being the produce of abs fim, or creatures living in the sea, caught by the cues of the bid Ship or vessel, not exceeding (evenly tonnes, each containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, upon payment of a duty at and after the trite of five pounds per tonne 4 the three ships or ref fels belonging to such pcribn or persons as aforesaid, not being a subject or subjects of his Majeny, which shall next arrive in mangey before mentioned, shall be allowed toimport any quas tity of oil or head matter, being the produce of any fish, or creatures living in the sea, caught by the crew of the said ibip or vessel, not exceeding seventy tonnes, each tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, upon payment of a duty at and after the rate of ten pounds per tonne) and any quantity of nil or head matter exceeding seventy tonnes, each tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, imported by any such six drips or vessels, belonging to such person or persons, not being a subject or (ubjedts of his Muefty as aforesaid, shall be admitted to entry, and shall be subjen to payment of dudes as oil of foreign fishing; any law, custom, or ufcge, to the contrary not? withftaoding.

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Foreigners so authority aforesaid. That every person or persons not being a allowed to ftibjedt or subjects of his Majeny as aforesaid, and being owner R enter ot own of any such ship or vessel, so importing faeh oil of into bond to head matter as aforesaid, shall, together with two fuffickot settle with V sureties, being his majesty's subjects and residing within Gnat scir^rc^8'in Britain, (to be approved of by the commissioners of his Ma rea rium, j^y>$ customs m England or Scotland), give bond to his mf jesty, his heirs and successors, to be taken by the col led or or' comptroller or other principal officer of the customs in the port where such ships shall arrive, in the penalty of double the highest duty on the quantity so imported, to which fish oil is now by law subject and liable linder any circumstances of importation; with condition that such owner or owners, together with the crews of the respective ship or ships, vessel or vedels, so importing such oil or head matter as aforesaid, (bail several ly and respectively establi(b themselves in Great Britain and carry on the said fishery from Great Britain, according to and in compliance with, and under the conditions, rules, regulations, and restrictions, prescribed and directed in the said herein before recited act, so made and passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or of this act. Duties to be XI A. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

under the ma That the several duties granted by this act shall be raised, le the^mmif VC C°HC<^C(** pad, recovered, and applied, under the ma boners of the nagement of the commissioners of the customs in England and customs. Scotland

Anno ricefinw 9&*vq gf.ov.au Jll. C % i,

stitm rdpcflivfly for cbf UV twng, in such, the lit manner, and by Aich and the like ways, means, and methods, at hie duty upon train oil of foreign fiftiing is now by law oifed, levied, collected, paid recovered, and applied.

And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons Audi knowingly give or grant any Mr certificate for any of the purposes required or directed by th ad) such person or persons shall forfeit and pay the Aim of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving hie Mijesty, his heirs or successors, in any office whatever; and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, a her, or falsify any certificate for any of the purposes required or directed by this act, or flail knowingly or willingly make use of any falle certificate, or of any certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons stall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, and every such certificate or certificates flail be invalid, and of no efed.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, throne moiety of the penalties and forfeitures loflifted by this act, flham he to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and foc ccflbrs, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of die customs as flail sue or prosecute for the same in any of his ma jtfty courts of record at fyeflminfltr, pr in the court of exchequer in Scrtkndi refpc#*vejy, where the offence (bail be committed.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons whatever for anything done in purfoance of this act, die defendant or defendants in such addon or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this a: and if it shall appear foto be done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or (lull discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants flail recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law.

CAP. XXI

An act for granting to hie Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery. — 750, 6001. to be raised by this act.

750, 6001 to be raised by a lottery. Ail persons who have made depots, purfuaflt to the refolption of the hqufe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubfcnptipns at certain times foecified. 1). byotfc of June. L by th of August. jl, by iqth of October, tl. by of November,1. iqs. by 19th of December, and*I. 10a. by f6th of January, 1789. interest to be allowed to thpfc who pay in the whole of their subscriptjtions before Dec. 17. 4*0, 000). the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any (applies granted this session. Books to

nr

Penalty on persons granting self certificates, etc.

How penalties are to be applied.

General issue.

Treble costs.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii ill. C 22, 23. (1788*

be prepared with two columns, on each of tofaich 48, 000 ticket are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets: t of 30, 0001.: X of 95, 000!.: X of ao, oool.: X of 154000i.: a of xo^oool:

5 of j, oool.: ioof i, oool.:4 of X 0001.: joofjool.: xojofiool.: 15, 150 of 181. s 1, oool. to the first drawn ticket;, oool. to the last drawn. 480, 000!. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 16, 178*. Penalty on forging tickets, dec. Tickets 151. xis. 9d. each. After June ao, 1788, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed. The 480, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted'this session; shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, oa June 1, 1789, C Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on penalty of 501. Persons counterfeiting shares, etc. guilty of felony.

CAP. XXII

An act to indemnify such personfs at have omitted to qualify theinfelvta for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace,

1 or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid) and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerk to attorneys and solicitors, or to pay the duties on the iaden j tures and contrails of clerks, apprentices, or servants; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who hare | neglected to transmit descriptions of theft qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

Time enlarged for taking sacrament and oaths to 15th of Dec. 1788. — For producing appointments and admissions in corporations. See. to the same time. For filing affidavits as to clerks to attorneys, etc. to Michaelmas term 1788. And time for militia officers to deliver qualifications to ift of Sept. 1788. And on paying double duty apprentices indentures may be stamped before 15th of Dec. 1788, and the last clause to be published in the London Gazette.

CAP. XXIII

An act to continue several laws, relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his majesty's plantation? iu America; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the more rf leltually encouraging the manufaltures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from thi* kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufaltures of this kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufaltures, to go into parts beyond the seas; and to the preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby: and to revive and continue several laws relating to the allowing. a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores to be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages; and to the ascertaining the strength of ffcirits by clarke's hydrometer.

l?y

'ijrtt.] Anno riccsimo octavo Georgii III C 14?

80 much of 5 Geo. I. C XI again ft clandestine running of unaccuftoffi ed goods, as has been continued, by subsequent affi, to Sept. 29, 178s, to be further continued to Sept. 29, 1705, C 5 Geo. t. C 14. con turned to June 04, 179/9 C except such part thereof as relates to the importation and exportation of foreign coffee into and from the liritifh colonies in America. So much of 19 Geo.. C 54* as f elates to the Anther puni foment of persons going armed, C in defiance of the laws, 06 enftoms, Ac. and to the relief of officers in informations upon fei xurea, continued to Sept. 29, 1795, C 23 Geo. 3. C 77. for the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton, further continued for twojears, etc. So much of 16 Geo. j. C 37, as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, etc. to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; and so much of s Geo. t C 69. as relates to allowing the exportation of a certain quantity or wheat, etc. from Lancaster to the said coionics, continued to May f, 1789. So much of 17 Geo. 3. C 43. as permits the exportation of tobacco pipe clay to the British sugar colonies in the West Indies, continued to June4> 179*, etc. 26 Geo. 3. C 89. to explain, etc. 25 Geo. 3. C 67. to prohibit though exportation of tools used in the iron manufactures, etc. continued to the end of the next fefliqn.

8 Geo. 1. C x8. continued to Sept, 29, 1795, etc. except the daufcs obliging all ships to perform quarantine. So much of 19 Geo. 3. C 22. as relates to allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores on board merchant ships, revived, and continued to July 5.

17959 etc. So much of 27 Geo. 3. C 31. as directs, that spirits (hslp' be deemed of the strength denoted by clarke's hydrometer, revived, and continued to the end of the next session.

CAP. XXIV

An act to continue several laws, relating to the granting a bounty o' '

exportation of certain fpedes ofbntifh and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several laws relating to the imprisonment and transportation of offenders.

*9 Geo. 2. C x5. for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, etc. continued to June 14# 2790, etc. 5 Geo. % . C 30. to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, continued to June 1, x793, etc. So much of 24 Geo. 3. C 56. as extends to authorise the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement; and 19 Geo. 3. C 74. to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, etc. of offenders, continued to June X 1793, etc.

IV And be it further enacted, That the several offenders Offenders

who shall, by virtue of the said act of the twenty-fourth year conveyed to of his majesty's reign, be removed to temporary places of cpn temporary finement, shall, during such confinement, be treated and VI fe^fcn[cun sited in such and the like manner, to all intents and purposes, dera4geo.3! as offenders who are sentenced to hard labour, under the said C 56. shall be act of the nineteenth year of his majesty's reign; and all ex treated.main pences occasioned by their maintenance or death shall be de offenders frayed by the overseer or overseers appdinted by his Majesty, sentenced to in such and the like manner as the expenses occasioned by the hard labour maintenance or death of offenders sentenced to hard labour under 19gco. under the aforesaid act of the nineteenth year of his majesty's CI 74* 9

reign.

V And be it further enacted. That whenever his Majesty His Majesty shall be pleased to give orders for the transportation of any o mayauthorife

Vol. XXXVI Bb fender Person*'°

o make contracts for the transportation of offenders etc. as if made and security given, asby»4 Geo. 3. C 56. directed.

Preamble, a6 Geo. 3. C xoi. recited.

Anno vicefirtio octavo Georgii III C 25* [1788.

sender or offenders, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, under his royal sign manual if he shall think fit, to authonft and empower any person or persons to make contracts for the effectual transportation of such offender and offenders, and to direct to what person or persons security shall be given for the effectual transportation of such offender or offenders; and eveiy such contract and security shall be equally valid and effectual, and every person contracting for the transportation of any offender or offenders with any person or persons so authorised by his Majesty as aforesaid, shall have the like property in the service of such offender or offenders, as if such contra A had been made, and such security had been given, in the manner required hythe said act of the twenty-fourth year of his majesty's reign.

CAP. XXV

An to under more effectual an an passed in the twenty sixth year of his prejent Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for erecling certain light houles in the northern parts of Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an an passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for ereaing certain light houses in the northern parts of Great Britain, the commissionen therein named were enabled, for the feeuritj of navi gation and the fi/heries, to ereb four light houses in the northers farts of Great Britain; one at kinnaird's Head, in the county of Aberdeen; one in the island of North Ranihha, in the Orkneys; one on the point j/'scalpa, in the island of Herries; and a fourth in the mull of fcintyre; and from and after the time such light houses Should be finished, in such manner as to have the proper tights or signals put up therein, to demand, colleb, receive, and take, from the mafiers and owners of every British ship, or decked vessel, navigated according to law, pajfwg any of the said light houses, afum not exceeding one penny sterling per tonne; and for every foreign ship, or decked vessel, passing as aforesaid, a sum not exceeding twopence sterling per ten: and'the said commissioners were empowered to borrow, or take up at interest, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one thousand pounds fierling, upon the security and credit of the feud dut'usy for r.njwering the expetices of making the said works: and whereas the said commissioners, in pursuance of the said ati, and the trujls repojed in them, have now ere Bed one light house at kinnaird's Head, which proves of great public utility, and are proceeding to ereb the three others; but as the money allowed by the said ab to be rat fed and taken np, and the duties author ifed to be levied, collebed, and taken, on the tonnage of Ships or vrjjels passing the said light houses, will not be fuss dent to defray the expo nets of finishing, complecting, and maintaining the same: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

o That

i; M.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 25. 361

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commission Tnliea of the ers, or any five or more of them, or for such person or persons djtucbt?r: 'nt' as they shall appoint, in lieu of the duties by the said act grant cite/a&fthe ed, to demand, collect, receive, and take, of and from all and following are every the masters and owners of every ship or decked vessel, to be cofiedt the sums following; that is to say. From every British ship ord: B.

dead vessel, navigated according to law, which Shall pass any Sd"' of the said light houses, whether the said ship or vessel mail be vessel pading outward or homeward bound, or on a foreign voyage, or fail any otthe ing coaftways, a sum not exceeding one penny halfpenny ter light houses, linger tonne, of such ship or vessel; and for every foreign ship or pcr decked vessel, passing as aforesaid, a sum not exceeding three andvor every pence sterling per tonne, of such ftiip or veitel. foreign deck

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, e vessel 3d.

That the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, .

shall have power, and they are hereby empowered, as soon as duties may be two of the said light houses are built and lighted in a proper colledted7 manner, and after one month's notice given in the London Ga when two Xittey and all the Edinburgh newspapers, to demand, collect, light houses reeeive, and take one half of the said duties, anything in, the a erected, said a dt of the twenty sixth year of his present majesty's reign,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall Commission

be, and they are hereby empowered and declared to have full eri bo/'*

power and lawful authority, at any time or times hereafter, by fof 3, ooou

any mortgage or mortgages, or any act or acts, deed or deeds, on the credit

under their hands duly executed, to borrow or take up, at a of the duties,

rate of interest not exceeding the lawful interest, in addition to

the sums allowed to be taken up and borrowed by the said acta

further sum, not exceeding three thousand pounds sterling,

upon the security and credit of the duties granted by this a,

for answering the expenses of making and completing the

works aforesaid, and such further sum as shall be sufficient to

discharge the expense of obtaining and passing this act; and

may assign such duties to any person or persons, body politic

or corporate, who shall furnish or advance such money, or any

part thereof, as a security for repayment of the same.

VI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Powers of the and every the powers, authorities, conditions, directions, pro rccit.cc* a<t*to visions, and exemptions, in and by the said act of the twenty so^unleft sixth year of his present majesty's reigo, enacted or provided, altered by this touching or relating to the powers and trusts reposed in the said act. commissioners, shall be adjudged and deemed, and taken to be in full force, as if the same were herein particularly inserted and re enacted, excepting only as to the alterations by this act made, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithstanding.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That this act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all i'ublickadt. courts of law or equity, as a public acta B b 2

nd all judges and, justices

)Ogle

Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 26. f 1788*

justices of such courts are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the ferrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of parliament.

, 545, ooo1. granted out of the consolidated fund, for the ferrice of the current year; tobehtued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury kn powered to raifc the sum of, 545, 0001. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the consolidated fund. If it Ihali be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raifc the said sum by exchequer bills instead of loans; and the bills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the malt act of this session. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 2, 545PocL notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. 8c Mar. C0. The Sum of 589, 16*1. 15s. d. q. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1788, surplus of consolidated fund; aoo, oool. of army tarings, 1786; to be Issued towards the supply. 43, 053!. 48. lod. of army fevings in x786, and 1787, to be applied towards the extraordinary expeoces of the land forces in 1787. Moneys anting by the malt aft, 750, 0001. land tax aft,, 037, 6*7!. 9s. id. loans, 3, 500, 0001. further loans, 2, ooo, oool. lotteij aft, 750, 600!. 589, 16*1. 158. ad. q. remaining in the exchequer April 5, 1788, Surplus of consolidated fund; aoo.oool. army Savings, 1786; and, 545, oool. out of the consolidated fund; ihali be applied (with the reftdue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed,, 0001. for naval Services; 175, 407!. 5». nd. for augmentation of naval foroes, since Sept. 18, 1787; 18, 3001.08. 8d. for the expense of the office of ordnance, on account of the late armament; 4x9, 407). os. id. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for 1788;, 038, 85*1. its. 8d. towards maintaining the land foroes, CC for 1788, viz. 56, 0931. 15s. for subsidy to the landgrave of Hesse Caffcl, for t?88; 59, 8781. 48. for the charge of the late armament at the war office; £98, 637!. as. xod. for the charge of 16, 98* effective men, officers, CC m Great Britain, CC 315, 8651. 198. id. for forces in the plantations, C 8, 7581. 148. 9d. for difference between British and Irish e ft abli foments, CC 11, 19*1. 13s. for regiments serving in the East Indies; 6, 4*7). 6d. for the pay of general and ftaif officers, CC 4»*73l. as. ad. for Supernumerary officers, C 60, 8631. 6?. 8d. to the paymaster general, Secretary at war, CC8, 490!. is. for the charge of a troop of horse guards, and a of grenadier guards, to June4, 1788. 19, 194). ns. 6d. for the charge of a regiments of life guards, to Dec. 14, 1788. 3, 7681. X 6d. for com pen fation to the reduced officers of horse guardt, and horse grenadier guards;8, oool. for repaying admittance money to the privates of the horse guards; jl. 17s. for allowances to the officers, cof the reduced horse guards, etc'. 55, 09*1. xos. for reduced officers of British American foroes; 3, 39*1. 14s. ad. for officers late in the fcrrice of the states general; 173, 8331. is. 9d. for chelsea Hospital; 0, 978!. 148. 3d. for widows; 17197761.3s. for reduced officers of land forces and marines; 4, 007!. 10s. for reduced officer of the British American foroes; 437, 0041. 18s. 6d. for extraordinary expenses of land forces., 500, 0001. to discharge exchequer bills of7 Geo. 3. C3. 1, 500, 0001. more to discharge exchequer bills of7 Geo. 3. C4; 1, 500, 0001. more .for paying off exchequer bills,7 Geo. 3. C5; 58, 1661. to make good a like sum issued from the civil list for services abroad; 20, 000!. for the works at Carltoiv House; 60, 000!. for discharging the debts of the prince of Wales*xoi, oool. for the lame purpose; 17, 4961.148. 6d. issued in pursuance of 4ddrcffe*

V of

ijrm.j Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 27..

of the house of commons; 15, 0001. towards carrying on the buildings ai Somerset House; 5, 845!. 6s. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 4, 300!. for the civil establishment of New Brunswick; 1, 900!. for the civil establishment of the island of St. John in America; i, rool/ for the civil establishment of Cape Breton; r, il. ios. for Newfoundland; Sol. for the Bahama Islands; 580i. for the chief justice of Bermuda; 600i. for the chief justice of Dominica; 1, 8771* 108. for the civil establishment of New South Wales; 13, 000!. for repairing forts in Africa; 4, oool. for military roads and bridges in Scotland;4>x45!. 5** 8d. 3q. for extraordinary expenses of the mint; 1, 3941* 6a. L for prosecution of offenders against the coin laws; 4, 510). ns. for money issued to the secretary of commissioners for inquiring into the Losses of Ajnerican loyalists; 1, 000!. for money issued to the secretary of com mi ffioners for inquiring into the Losses in East Florida; L ml. os. 6d. for money paid to T. Dundas, and J. Pemberton, efqrs. commissioners for American claims; 60, 491!. 48. for money issued for the relief of American civil officers, etc.; 14, 1341. 8s. for money issued on account to American sufferers; 1, 981!. ns. id. for money if ftied for fees to the late attorney general, etc. of Nova Scotia, etc.; 1, 651). 7s. 3d. for money issued to pay bills drawn by the governor, etc. of New South Wales; 813). 13s. 6d. for money issued to James Mouatt, chief clerk of commissioners for inquiring into fees, etc. of public offices; 4, 533!. 6s. 64. for money issued to Henry Bradley, esq; for maintaining convicts on board Dunkirk hulk at Plymouth; 600i. for money issued to the secretary of the commissioners of public accounts; 5, 000!. for money issued to the commissioners, etc. of the land revenues; 30, 0831. ios. ad. iq. for money issued to Duncan Campbell esq; for maintaining convitfs on the Thames; 8, 058!. 159. id. iq. for money issued on account of the trial of Warren Hastings, esq; lyoool. for securing the harbour of Catwater; 89, 8901. is.^yd. xq. for the deficiency of duties on tea; IX 8i61. 38. 6d. 3q. for deficiency of annuities 31 Geo. 1.; 68, 8951. xs. 8d. xq. for deficiency, for annuities 18 Geo. 3.; 143, 6141. 13s. iod. iq. for deficiency for annuities so Geo. 3.; 178, 1441. ios. for deficiency for annuities 13 Geo. 3.; 76, 361). 88. od. 3q. for deficiency for annuities 14 and 15 Geo. 3.; 63, 671). xs. id. 3q. for deficiency of grants for 1787. Supplies not to be applied to any other uses than are directed by this act. Rules to be ooferved in the application of 171, 7761. 3s. granted for half pay. byi7#geo. 3. C 33. a sum not exceeding 171, 7761. ns. 6d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, for 1787. Overplus moneys, above (atisfying half pay officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, etc. in the late wars or to officer widows and children, af his Majesty shall direlt.

CAP. XXVII

An off for reducing the duties on the importation of certain goods warety and merchandise, the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of the European dominions of the fates general of the United Provinces, into thh kingdom.

WHEREAS by a treaty of defensive alliance between his Preamble majesty the King of Great Britain and their high mights neffes the fates general of the United Provinces, fgned at the Hague the fifteenth day of April one thousand even hundred and eighty eighty it is, by the tenth article thereof, agreed, That until the two powers conclude a treaty of commerce with each other the subjects of the republic Shall be treated, in the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, as the mof favoured nation; and the same fall t( obferyed in tbf United Provinces towards the subjects of

B b 3 hit

I; 88y goods (except linens) of the growth or manufacture of the Euro

364 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C if. [1788;

his Britannic Majesty, with an exception in the said article, that it Shall not extend to a diminution of the import duties payable wpem linens; be it therefore enacted by the king's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament From July 5, assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, there shall be paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, on the importation of any goods, wares, or merchandise, (except linens), into Great Britain, .. from any of the dominions in Europe of the states general of on^of the tbc ^nited Provinces, and which goods, wares, or merchan unitedpro dize, shall be of the growth, produce, or manufacture of those vinces, maybe dominions, the following duties; (that is to say), such and imported the like duties respectively as are now payable on goods, to Greater?" arcs anc merchandise of the like nature and descriptions, tain/on pay particularly set forth and enumerated in the table marked C mentofthe annexed to an act, made and passed in the twenty seventh duties payable year of his present majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for re a"fct forth^n pean e several duties of customs and ex rise, and granting other table CL an duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with rexed to'*7 the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the Geo. 3. C 13. importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt) and which goods it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain directly from any of the dominions in Europe of the said states; any law, cuf which may be tom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon all - other goods, wares, or merchandise of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the said dominions, (except linens), which may be legally imported or brought into Great Britain, the lowed duties which are now payable by law on the importation into Great Britain of the like goods, wares, or merchandise respectively, from any other foreign country or Rate in Europe.

JI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That on the due exportation of any of the said goods, wares, or merchandise respectively, upon which the lowest duties have been paid on the importation thereof, as aforesaid, to places on the exportation to which a drawback is now allow paid, to be al ed, the exporter shall be paid and allowed the like drawbacks ufuamraw as are a^owcc* upon tbc exportation from Great Britain of the u*like goods, wares, or merchandise imported into Great Brir tain from any other foreign country or state in Europe.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the several duties and drawbacks, charged and allowed underthiva^t, by lbi$ Iball b.c.. rated levied, collected, recovered, an to be levied*fwered, paid, allowed, appropriated, and applied, in such and and paid as jhc lijte manner, apd by such and the like ways, means, nd

methods.

and all other

goods(except linens)

legally imported, on payment of the lowest duties on like goods from any foreign European country.

Exporters of goods, for which the lowest duties have peen

backs.

Duties and drawbacks

ij88.] Anno vicesimo ostavo Georgii III C 28. 3$£

methods, as the duties and drawbacks upon goods wares duties and and merchandise in general are raised, levied, collected, re covered, answered, paid, allowed, appropriated, and applied, a tn force by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force on and im on July 5, mediately before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

CAP. XXVIII

An act to exempt certain licences, granted to Jiipendiary curates, from stamp duties.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made and passed in Preamble;

the fifth year of the reign of their late mojefiies King Will reciting liam and fputen Mary, (entitled, An act for granting to their Gul. etmar. Majesties several duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, C*; four years, towards carrying on the war against France it ms enacted, That for every Jkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet of paper, upon which any licence that Should pass the seal of arty arcbbijbop or bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or any eerte jiafiical court whatsoever, Should be engrojfed or written, there Jbeuld be paid the sum offive billings: and whereas, by another act of parliament, made ard passed in the ninth year of the reign of his said late majesty King William the Third, (entitled, An act for grant GUI. C 1$ ingtohis Majesty, his heirs and successors, further duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper), another sum of five jbiuings was imposed upon all such licences: and whereas, by another act, made and pajfcd in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An act for laying additional duties Annas, stat. on soap and paper, and upon certain linens, silks, calicoes, 9» and stuffs, and upon (larch, and exported coals, and upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her majesty's fopply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, sheep skins, and lamb skins; and for distribution of four thousand pounds due to the officers and seamen for

Kn money; and to adjust the property of tickets in former tcries; and touching certain mares of (lock in the capital of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the moneys granted to her Majesty), a further sum of five jbiuings was imposed upon all such licences: and whereas by another act of parliament, made and passed in the fextb year of the reign of his late ma jtfty King George the First, (entitled. An act for enabling the and 6 Geo, f South Sea company to increase their present capital stock and 4. fund, by redeeming such public debts and encumbrances as are therein mentioned, and for raising money to be applied forleffening several of the public debts and encumbrances; and for calling in the present exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof, 'to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer), the said several recited duties were made perpetual: and yhrrsqs the said several duties have been found very inconvenient and

3 b 4. burden

' jr

ferted.

Preamble.

36$ Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 29, 30. [1

burtbenfome to flipendiary curates, appointed by licence to perform the office of curate in a parish churchy upon the nomination of the From June 24, trebor or vicar thereof; be it therefore enacted by the lung's 1788, the du most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of ties iitaposed the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present aas onhcen par^ament assembled, and by the authority of the (ame, That CC granted " from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand by archbi seven hundred and eighty eight, every such licence, soap ihops, etc. to pointing any flipendiary curate, in which the annual amount of fpeft to*licen tie ^'pcn(* all inserted, that shall pass the seal of any cop to ftipen archbishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or any ec diary curates, clefiastical court whatsoever, shall be, and the same is hereby in which the declared to be freed and exempted from any of the said herein amount of the oce rccited stamp duties; and such licence shall and may be stipend is in available, and given in evidence in any court of law or equity j any law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX

An act to enable the east-india company to borrow a further Jum of money upon bond.

WHEREAS it is expedient, in consideration of the present Jiate of the affairs of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, that the said company Should be enabled to issue bonds for the purposes of their trade, and for discharging sundry demands to which they are liable, to a larger amount than they are now by law authorised to do: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united company to borrow money upon, and issue........

....... under their common seal, as the affairs of the said unit

they may now ed company may require, not exceeding the sum of one mil legally bor Hon two hundred thousand pounds beyond the sum for which the said united company may now by law issue their bonds.

CAP. XXX

An act to enable justices of the peace to licence theatrical reprefeut$ tions occaftonally, under the restrictions therein contained.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, certain pend ties and pmifbments were injlifted on every per sin who Should, for hire, gain, or reward, at, represent, or perform, or cause to k acted, represented, or performed, any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the Jlage, or any part or parts therein, except as in the said act is excepted: and whereas diverse acts of parliament have ftnee been solicited and obtained for diverse cities, towns, and places, for exempting them respectively

from

east-india company im pawered to borrow X ioo, oool. on bond, beyond what

row.

freamve. 10 Geo. a. C 18.

17w.] Anno vicesimo octavo geoeoii III C 30. 367

from the provisions of the said law: and whereas it may be expe* diext te permit and suffer, in towns of considerable resort, theatrical representations for a limited time, and under regulations 5 in which, nevertheless, it would be highly impolitic, inexpedient, emdunreasonable, to permit the ejiabtijhment of a confront and re gukr theatre: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this jpresent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That it Jofticeiofthe shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace of pace m*y»at any county, riding, or liberty, in general or quarter frfcons assembled, at their discretion, to grant a licence to any per fin, grant"li son or persons, making application for the same by petition, cencetfortbe for the performance of such tragedies, comedies, interludes, performance operas, plays, or faroes, as now are, or hereafter shall be ^nder the re*a£icd, performed, or represented, at either of the patent or LI ftriftiona censed theatres in the city of Westminster, or as shall, in the herein fpcci manner prescribed by law, have been submitted to the inspection of the lord chamberlain of the King's household for the time being, at any place within their jurisdictions, or within any city, town, or place, situate within the limits of the same, for any number of days, not exceeding sixty days, to continence within the then next six months, and to be within the space of such four months as shall be fpecrfied in the said licence, so as there be only one licence in use at the same time within the jurisdiction so given, and so as such place be not within twenty miles of the cities of London, Westminster, or Edinburgh, or eight miles of any patent or licensed theatre, or ten miles of the residence of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or of any place within the same jurisdiction at which, within six months preceding, a licence under this act shall have been had and exercised, or within foiltteen miles of either of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or within two miles of the outward limits of any city, town, or place, having peculiar jnrifdiction; and so also as no licence under this act shall have been had and exercised at the same place, within eight months then next preceding; any lawj or statute for the punishment of persons employed in theatrical representations to the contrary in any wise not with (landing.

II Provided always. That no such licence shall be granted t icences not

by the justices as aforesaid, to be exercised within any city, ^tbiinm** town, or place, having peculiar jurisdiction, unless proof shall place havme be made that the majority of the justices acting for such pecu peculiar juris LIV jurisdiction, have, at a public meeting, signed their con diction, with scot and approbation to the said application, or unless an express tn condition shall be therein inserted, that the same shall not be majority of valid and efiedual until it shall have been approved by the ma the justices jerity of the justices of such peculiar jurisdiction, at a meeting acting for held expressly for taking the same into consideration. such jurisdic

III Provided also, That no fu$h licence shall be granted by No jjccnce to

the be granted

gc8 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 31 — 33. f 178c j

nnlef8 three the justices as aforesaid within any city, town, or place, unlefr.'

be dven^he* notice have been g, ven by the person or persons applying, mayor, cor such licence, at least three weeks before such application, t. previous to the mayor, bailiff, or other chief civil officer or officers of fn^7 <

application city, town, or place, of his or their intending to make such an for a licence, plication.

CAP. XXXI

An act for appointing comraifiioners further to inquire into the Losses if all such persons who have suffered in their properties, in confequeaet; of the cession of the province of East Florida to the king of Spains* This act is the lame as 26 Geo. 3. C 75. and continued for one Tear

CAP XXXII

An act for vesting the estates of Edward Henvill in trustees to be sold, and for applying the money arising by the fald thereof in diichargeef a debt owing by him to the crown.

The reversion in fee of Edward Henvill, in a message, cat pun knowle in Dorfctshire, See. veiled in William Chamberlayne, solicitor of treasury, and Thomas Cotton, clerk of treasury, in order to be sold, and the produce to be disposed of as his Majesty shall direct. The premises hereby vested in William Chamberlayne and Thomas Cotton, enquires, to be accepted in full discharge of a debt due by the said Edward Henvill to the crown. General saving,

CAP. XXXIII

An act to repeal the duties and drawbacks of customs and excise payable on the importation and exportation of wine (except wine Use produce of the European dominions of the French kingy rhenixh, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the hng cf Spain), and for granting other duties and drawbacks in ben thereof $ to repeal the duty of excise upon foreign green glass battles imported, and for charging an additional duty of customs in Hen thereof; for ascertaining the duty on carriages, the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported direfifp from thence $ for obviating a doubt with rifted to the duties on white woollen clothes exported; and for rejerving to his ma jtjiy the hereditary and other revenues of the crown in Scotland.

Preamble. ttthereasiy<ttr<7d7 made and passed in the twenty seventh 07 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for

«.13, recited, repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, certain duties of customs and excise are charged and imposed. reflectively upon wine imported or broufot into Great Britain,

a kh.

1788.} Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 33.' 369

wd certain drawbacks are allowed respecttvely upon the exportation \btreeffrem Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that the said Qwral and respecttve duties and drawbacks, Jo far as the same re fpebbely relate to wine imported or brought into Great Britain, or tspofted from Great Britain, except wine of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rheoisti, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, Should ceaje9 determine, and be no longer paid or payable, or allowed, and that other duties Should be charged and imposed on the importation thereof, and other drawbacks allowed on the exportation thereof from Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day From Sept, i, of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, the i7$mhedu several duties of customs and excise, charged and imposed by tici the said recited a upon wine imported or brought into Great backs allowed Britain, except upon wine the produce of the European do by the recited minions of the French king, Rbenijh, Germany, and Hungary a, to cease wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of on pities, Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and the ^nethc several drawbacks allowed upon the exportation thereof from produce of Great Britain, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid the European or payable, or allowed; save and except in all cases relating to dominions of the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof respec ting/fcc? tively, which may, on the first day of September one thousand Arrears of seven hundred and eighty eight, remain unpaid, or to any fine, duties and penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating penalties re thcreto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time coverawc* before the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

II Provided always. That nothing in this act contained shall This a A not

extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or anywise alter the te

duties of package, fcavage, or any other duties payable to the r^w^etc. mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or to V 1

the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, or to any other city or town corporate within the kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or anywise alter the prizage of wine, or the duty called Butlerage, or to any special privilege or exemption to which any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, is or are now entitled by law; but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

III And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, In lieu of the from and after the first day of September one thousand seven hun duties f <juf dred and eighty eight, in lieu and instead of the duties of cuf tb^fdlowing }oms hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, to be levied, and paid ta his Majesty, his heirs and fucceitors, in ready viz. money, without any discount whatever, upon all wine imported or brought into Great Britain, except wine of the produce of

European dominions of the French king, Rbenijh, German,

T!*' " .......................................... an

For all wine (except French wine, etc. imported in a british built thip into the port of London, 19i. 83. per tonne:

Imported in a foreign ship, into the port of london, 33l xzt. per tonne: Imported in a British ship, into any Qther port in Great Britain, 15!* 48. per tonne s Imported in a foreign ship, into any other port in Great Britain, 49!. 8s. per tonne: Imported into the port of London in a british built ship, and entered for prizage, ail. ns. xod. per tonne: Imported into the port of London, in a foreign ship, and entered for prizage. Imported into any other port in England, in a british built ship, and entered for prizage, 181.16s. xod. per tonne: Imported into any other port in England, in a foreign ship, and entered for prizage, ail. ns. iod. for every tonne

Anno viceflirio octavo georgiiiii. C 33i fiyw.

and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wise este produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king 4 Spain, the several duties of customs herein after mentioned \ the is to say,

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two galtoot of wine, except wine of the produce of the European domanfcttv of the French king, Rkenijh> German, and Hungary wioc, Peu gal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, MI any of the dominions of the king of Spain, imported or brought into the port oi\london^ in a britijk buih Ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, a duty of twenty-nine pounds and eight Shillings,

every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into the port of London, in a foreign ship, a duty of thirty-three pounds and twelve Shillings:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two galkms of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into any port of Great Britain (except the port of london) in a british built ship, owned, navigatod, and registered according to law, a duty of twenty-five pounds and four Shillings: For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into any port of Great Britain (except though port of London) in a foreign ship, a duty of twenty-nine pounds and eight Shillings:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into the port of London in a british b\x\\t ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, and entered for prizage, a duty of twenty-one pounds eleven Shillings and ten pence :

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty two'gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into the port of London in a foreign ship, and entered for prizage, a duty of twenty-four pounds six Shillings and nine pence :

14i. 6s. 91lper tonne:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (exeept the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into any port of England (except the port of London) in a british bu\\x. ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, and entered for prizage, a duty of eighteen pounds sixteen Shillings and ten pence:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into any port of England (except the port of London) in a foreign ship, and entered for prizage, a duty of twtoty ogo pounds eleven Shillings and ten pence

per tonne.

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons

of

Anno rfccftmo octavo Gegroii III C 33. 371

rf vine, (except the wine herein brifofe excepted), being in f "**}* («** boofeg exceeding three dozen, or iu 1 oafk or cfcfks exceeding tm gallons in quantity, sent coafb/rfe or by land carriage into fentcoaawife, the port of London or the members thereof, 6r to any place what or by landcar ever within the defiance of twenty miles from the Royal Ex ruge, within dkttogtol London, to be paid to the proper officers of the custoras j

nearest to the place from whence such wine is intended to be re 48. if removed moved, a duty of four pounds and four Shillings. in a quantity

exceeding 3 dozen bottles, or xo gallons in calk.

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That On the exon the exportation of any wine, whereon the duties of custonu p°rtat*°n charged and imposed by this aist shall have been duly paid, there ft^fbe allow qiall b paid or allowed, to the exporter or Exporters of any such ed the fellow wine, the several and respectnre drawbacks of the duties of cussing draw toms herein after mentioned; that is to say, backs, viz.

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons For every tonne of wine, (except wine of the produce of the european^q/nimons £CXCCP*. of the French king, Rbenijb, German, and Hungary wine, Portu e^imported d and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of into the port any of the dominions of the king of Spain), which shall have of London, been duly imported into the port of London, and which shall be ^fp*#** duly exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or colonhn to any British settlement in the East Indies, a drawback of America, or a twenty-nine pounds and eight Shillings: British settlement

in the East Indies9** Ss* > nd.

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine hereinbefore excepted; , which shall have been duly imported into the port of London, and which shall be duly exported from thence to any place other than a British colony or plantation in America, or a British settlement in the ea/l Indies, a drawback of twenty-four pounds thirteen Shillings and sixpence:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wipe, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall have been duly imported into any port of Great Britain (except the port of London), and which shall be duly exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any British settle. mem in the East Indies, a drawback of twenty-five pounds and four Shillings:

British settlement in the East Indies,

if exported to any other place, 14!. 131. 6d.

For every tonne imported into any other port in Great Britain, and exported to any British colony in

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons if exported to of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall any other have been duly imported into any port of Great Britain (except g8*c$i.a° "the port of London), and which shall be duly exported to any place other than a British colony or plantation in America, or any British settlement in the Eojl Indies, a drawback of twenty pounds nine Shillings and sixpence:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons For every tonne of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall Import 0?*° haveb^en duly imported into the port of London, and entered London, and

for entered for

prizage, and exported to any British colony in America, or British If exported to any other place, 17i. XS. id.

For every tonne into any other port, and entered for pri zage, and ex

Sarted to any ritifh colony in America, or British settlement in the East Indies, 18i. 161. iod.; and if export cdtoanyother place, 15i. oa. yd.

In lieu of the duties ofex cife repealed, there shall be paid.

for every tonne of wine imported into Great Britain, (except French wines, etc.) 171.17s.

On the exportation oswine, for which the duties of excise have been paid, the following drawbacks to be allowed:

For every tonne

Frenchine, etc, ) exported

Anno vicesimo o£uvo georgii III C 33. [>788.'

for prizage, and which shall be duly exported to any Britffc colony or plantation in America, or to any British (ettlemcot in the East India, a drawback of twenty-one pounds eleven fillings and ten pence:

settlement in the East Indies, ail. xxs. xod. and,

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gabdjtf oswine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which have been duly imported into the port of London, and entered for prizage, and which shall be duly exported to any place other than a British colony or plantation in America, or any British fc tlement in the East India, a drawback of seventeen pounds seventeen Shillings and one penny:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall have been duly imported into any port of England, (except the port of London), and entered for prizage, and which shall be duly exjtfujted to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any aritijh settlement in the East Indies, a drawback of eighteen pounds sixteen Shillings and ten pence:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall have been imported into any port of England, (except the port of London), and entered for prizage, and which shall be duly exported to any place other than a British colony or plantation in America, or any British settlement in the East Indies, a drawback of fifteen pounds and seven pence.

V And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, . That, from and after the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, in lieu and instead of the duties of excise hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount whatever, upon all wine imported or brought into Great Britain, (except wine of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rhenijh, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain), the following duty of excise; that is to say, for every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall be imported into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, a duty of seventeen pounds and seventeen Shillings.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the exportation of any wine, whereon the duties of excise charged and imposed by this at shall have been duly paid, there shall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters the fevei al and respective drawbacks of the (juries of excise hereinafter mentioned; that is to say,

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except wine of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rhenijh, German, and Hungary, wine, Portugal

178$.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 33; 373

gal and Maderia wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, of df to any brituh anj of the dominions of the king of Spain for which all the ^°, ont!n duties hereby imposed in refoeft thereof shall have been paid, bht!£cfctse and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise meat in the to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any Btitijb East Indict, settlement in the East Indies and foin proportion for any greater x*h 7** i or lesser quantity, a drawback of fourteen pounds and seven Shillings:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons and for every of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall be imported into Great Britain, for which all the duties hereby aizc to any" imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall other placebe be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any other port yondthe seat, or place beyond the seas, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, a drawback of five pounds and thirteen Shillings.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the several duties of customs and excise by this act charged dutieslmpof and imposed, and the several drawbacks of the duties of customs ed, and draw and excise by this act allowed, shall and may be respectively backsallowed, managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, be managed as recovered, and allowed, (except where any alteration is ex the former preflly made by this act), in such and the like manner, and in duties were, or by any or either of the means, ways, or methods, by which ,

the former duties of customs and excise upon wine, and draw*backs of duties of customs and excise upon wine, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and the said wine, so by this act respectively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of customs and ejeife, or so entitled to draw back duties of customs and excise, according to the directions of this act,

shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures respectively, to which goods, wares, or merchandise in general were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said first^day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, respecting the revenue of customs and excise, (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act); and all and every pain, Penalties, etc. penalty, fine, or foifeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for breach of for any offence whatever, committed against, or in breach of fore*008 any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before x°r^gg" so^* the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty securing the eight, made for securing the duties of customs and excise, or duties of <; uf for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, tomsorexche, powers, and directions therein contained, (unless where ex 0

pressly altered by this act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and ihail be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the several duties of customs and excise, and drawbacks of duties of customs and excise, hereby charged and allowed upon wine respectively, in as.

full

Anno vicesimo oftaro georgii HI. C 33. [ 17ii.

soil and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, a tsections, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afofemd, Acts in force That every act of parliament in force on and immediately befflte on Sept, i, the ftrft day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty 788, for fe eight, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or tcflrie tiea'o&uftoms tonnes were made, established, or directed, for the better fccur and excise, ing the revenue of customs and excise, or for the regular im etc. to con portation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, or the bring tinuein force., ng or carrying coastwise, or from port to port within the lame kingdom, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any goods, wares, or merchandise whatever, (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act), shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and efsect, and shall be applied to the subject of this act, and for carrying the same into execution, as fully and effedtaally as if they had been repeated and re en acted in this present act.

IX And whereas hythe faii all made andpassedin the said -

the reign of h'ts present Majesty, certain duties of tms and excise are refpellively tbarged imposed on foreign green

glass bottles, imported or brought into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that the duties of excise, granted by the said all, Jhtuld be repealed, and that an additional duty of cttjlonts be charged and

imposed upon foreign green glass bottles, imported or brought into this kingdom: be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore Prom July 5, said, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand tiehmpofell1 even hundred and eighty eight, the duties of excise, charged by the recited ant imposed by the said recited act upon Foreign green glass hot aft on foreign ties, imported or brought into Great Britain, shall cease and de green glass termine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, ed^to'ceaf"^a^ow*n8» or pay*ng any arrears thereof respectively which may, and ifuieu*' on fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty thereof, there eight, remain Unpaid, or to any fine, penalty or forfeiture, shall be paid fines, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which an additional shall have been incurred at any time before the fifth day of toms of 49!" one thousand seven hundred eighty eight; and that there shall q. for every be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs nslb. of and successors, in ready money, without any discount whatever, grf.n an additional duty of customs of four Shillings and one farthing

nwnnfaftare* upon every one hundred weight, containing one hundred and of the Euro twelve pounds, of green glass bottles of the manufacture of the pean domi European dominions of the French king, imported or brought into nionsofthe Great Britain directly from thence, either in british butit ships, Imported into or n p.s. f the built of the European dominions of the French Great Britain, king; which said additional duty, so charged and imposed by etc. this act, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such and

the like manner, and under and futyect to the like rules, regulations, Securities, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects, as the present duty of customs upon foreign green glass bottles,

tin

1783.] Anno vicesimo oftaro georoiz III C 375

imported or brought into Greet Britain, are now rated levied, ceueded, and paid.

X And whereas concha, chariots, landa, , and

other carriages of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king art, by the laws now in force, subjeti on importation into ibis kingdom to a duty of twenty/even pounds ten billings for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof: and whereas articles of brituh manufacture are considered, when imported into the European dominions of the French king, as fadlery, and charged as fitch with a duty only of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof; and it being expedient that theft articles Jbeuld be mutually imported into noth kingdom on equal duties be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the fifth day of From Juir j, July one thousand feveo hundred and eigbty>eight, until the »7*8, to May tenth day of May which will be in the year of our Lord oqe ri*'»efm»v*be thousand eight hundred, and no longer, it shall and may be law "m^rted7 full for any person or persons whatever to import or brii^ into from the Great Britain, either for falc or otherwise, directly from Frame, European doer from any place in the European dominion! of the French king in british buwt ships or vessels, owned, navigated, and register payment ed according to law, or in /waua built ships or refleis, owned of a duty of by, and belonging wholly to, the subjects of the Stench king, 15b for every and whereof the matter and three fourths of the mariners at the xof>l* least are the (ubjeds of the French king, any coach, chariot,tc*c "*^landau, berlin, chaifc, or any other carriage whatever, on payment of a duty of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof, and no more; which duty shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied,collcded, answered, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and the like manner, in every respect whatever, as the duties payable by law on such goods on or immediately before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, were managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, answered, recovered, appropriated, and applied; and the said goods, so imported as aforesaid, and the importer or importers thereof, shall be subjedvand liable to every rule, regulation, and restriction, and to every pain, penalty, and forfeiture whatever, (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act) to which such goods, or the person or persons importing the same, would have been subject or liable in case this act had not been made

XI And whereas by an 08 made and faffed in the ftxtb year if that rtign of her late majesty Sfyucen Anne, entitled, An act for en 6 Annexe. £ couraging the dreffing and dying of woollen clothes within this and'kingdom, by laying a duty upon broad cloth exported white, a duty of five billings was d/rtiled to be paid to her Majesty, bet beiri andjutcejffbrs, for every white woollen cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported out of this kingdom into foreign parts; and whereat by an act made and pajffed in the twenty /eventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the several s1 tit. y. 6. duties of customs and excise, and granting other Cities irr lieu3* recited, thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other Vot, XXXVI C C duties

m

37$ Anno vicesimo ofltavo georgii III C 33. [178?.

duties coiripofing the public revenue; for permitting'the importation of certain goods, wares, and' merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the Frmeh king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in*the exchequer for the payment of enmities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt: the/aiddttft imposed by the aid atti so made and passed in the aid sixth year of She reign of her late majesty uten Anne, was repealed, and in sin thereof a duty of five billings and sixpence the piece was imposed in the exportation of white woollen cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the said duty of five/hillings and sixpence, so impojed as aforesaid, is not now payable upon any woollen cloth, if white, although the same may have been dyed or dre/jed in this kingdom: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in the said recited act, so made and passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Mi jesty, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, 10 charge with duty any white woollen cloth, on the exportation thereof from this kingdom into foreign parts provided the same shall have been dyed or dressed in this kingdom.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the several duties imposed by this act shall be appropriated and applied in like manner a the duties granted by the before recited act, made and passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, were appropriated and applied.

XIII And whereas by an act made in the first year of his present Majesty9 s reign, entitled, An act for the support of his majesty*s household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, the hereditary revenues of the crown, and other revenues granted to his late majesty King George the Second, for defraying the expenses of his majesty's civil government, were made part of the aggregate fund, and a certain revenue granted out of the said fund to his Majesty during his life; but in the said at it is provided and enabled, 44 that the several and respective duties and revenues which wer a payable to his late majesty King George the Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during his life, ball be continued, raised, levied, and paid, during the life of his present Majesty, in the same manner only, and subject to the same or the like charges thereon, as the same were liable or fiubjeft to during his find late majesty's life; faving always to all and every persons, bodies politic and corporate, their heirs and fuctejfors, executors, adminifira tors, or assigns (Other than to our said fivereign lord the King, his heirs and fvcce/jors, and other than to fiucb person or persons who may or do land fenced or poffe/jcd in trufi for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccej/ors), all fuclrrights, titles, efiates, customs, hereditaments, and other the premifer aforesaid, or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had at the making of this as fully and effectually, all intents and purposes, as if this atl ftad never been tnade y anything herein contained: to the contrary notwithstanding: 99 and whereas by an act made in the twenty seventh year of .bit present

27 Geo. 3. Majesty r reign fintituled. An act for repealing the feveraj duties C 13- - Of

Last recited act not to extend to charge white woollen cloth, dyed ordrelt ed here, with any duty on exportation.

Duties under this act to be applied as duties granted by the recited act.

s Geo. 3. C z.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 34.

ofcustoms and cxcifc, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manu faure of the European dominions of the French king, into this kiogdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining tn the exchequer for the pay meat of annuities on lives to the reduction of the national debt; the hereditary revenues of the crown, and the other revenues granted to his late majesty King George the Second during his life, for defraying the expenses of his civil government, were made part of a fund called the Consolidated Fund, during his present Majesty s life: and whereas doubts have arisen, whether in the last recited act the hereditary revenues of the crownf in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, and the other revenues there reserved to his Majesty, by the before recited clause of the act. made in thefirji year of his Majesty's reign, are sufficiently Javed and reserved to his Majesty during his life: in order therefore to obviate and remove all such doubts, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the hereditary revenues of the crown. The heredity in Scotland, and other revenues there granted to his late majesty ry revenues King George the Second during his life, and reserved to hispre scotjand" font Majesty during his life, by an act made in the first year of etc. grantedtd his majesty's reign, do belong to and are at his majesty's difpo King George fal, as provided for by the. said act, and that the civil establish the Second, ment in Scotland shall continue to be paid in future, in like man prefen? Ma. ner as it has been paid heretofore; anything contained in the jesty*# difpey^ before mentioned at, made in the twenty seventh year of his fl. present majesty's reign, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV

An act more effectually to Jecure the performance of quarantine, and for amending fever CL hws relating to the revenue of customs

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the twenty Preamble sixth year of the reign of his late majesty K tig George the Second, (entitled, An act to oblige ships more effectually to pef6 Geo. 1. form their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plague C 6, recited being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jor fey, Alderney, Sark, or Man), various provisions are made, authorities are given, and penalties are imposedj for effecting the purposes intended by the said act: and whereas it II expedient to make further provisions to oblige Ships and vessels more effectually to perform quarantine: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From July $4 from and after the filth day of July one thousand leven hundred and eighty eight, in addition to the particulars which the prin particular cipal officer of his majesty's customs, or such personas shall authorised by be authorised to see quarantine duly performed, is authorised the recited and required, by the said recited act, to demand an account of from the 'commander, matter, or other person having charge 0vtoe°cut CC 2 ©1 lotos eic. to

37s Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C j C

demand of the of any ship or vessel, which shall attempt to enter into any port gander or place in Great Britain or Ireland or the isles of Gtiernfey* jer the^urther fa Alderney Sark or Man and of which particulars side particulars manded, the said commander, matter, or other person having herein charge of such ship or vessel is required, by the said recited ast specifitd.0 gjve a truc account of, under the penalties by the said u&htb flidled; the said principal officer of his majesty's.enttoms, or such personas shall be authorised to see quarantine duly performed, shall, and is hereby required to demand of the find commander, mailer, or other person having charge of such (flip or vessel; and the said commander, matter, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall, upon such demand, ore a true account of the following particulars; (that is to say), whether his ship or vessel touched at the ijleof Rhodes the Marat or any part of the coast of Africa within the Mediterranean or the Levant feasor the port of Magadore; or whether any of the ship's company, or any other person on board his ship or vessel, had, during the voyage homeward, in any manner whatever, any communication with any ship or vessel coming from any of those places? what pilot or pilots, or others persons from the (hores of the kingdom of Great Britain, the islands of Sofy, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man have been on board hrs ship or vessel, or had any communication with his ship's company in any manner whatever during the voyage homeward? and whether any of his ship's company had been tick, and of what disorder, in the course of the voyage, or were so Commanders at the time the particulars are demanded? and in case such com antwers1" ©^ mant*cr* master or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, forfeit aool. shall, upon such demand as aforesaid, give an untrue or fclfe answer to any of the particulars required by this present act, such commander, matter, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered, disposed of, and applied in like manner as the penalty inffitt CD by the said recited a<tt, for not making a true discovery of the particulars required thereby, may be recovered, disposed of, and applied.

II And whereas by the laws now in farce it may be deemed nettf firy* in certain cases, that the person or ptrfons offending against thi same Should have aflual notice of the Orders in council of his Meyefy* kis heirs or successors, touching and ref betting quarantine: and whereas it is frequently impossible to prove such actual notice j therefore be it enabled, That it shall not be necessary to give any altual notice of any order or orders of his Majesty in council, or of any regulations therein contained, which are now in force touching and respecting quarantine; and that it shall and may lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by any order or orders in council hereafter to be made, to limit and fix a time or times, after Publication in which the publication of such order or orders in the Louden future orders Gazette shall he deemed and taken to be sufficient notice to all in council, to persons concerned, of all and every such order or orders in be sufficient council of his Majesty, his heirs or successors. n*lice* III And

Notice of regulations in torce touching quarantine, not necessary to be given.

f 788.] Anno vicesimo octavo gborgii III C 34. ^79

III And be it further enacted, That evcrv commander, maf From Jan. rf ier, or other person having the charge of any ship or vef7?' fel liable to the performance of quarantine, shall and is hereby rantinc°toa" required, from and after the first day of January one thousand boift a signal, seven hundred and eighty nine, in case of meeting or falling in ofthcdcfcrip with any ship or vessel at sea, or within four leagues of the coast j.ion.|j"cin of Great Britain or Ireland, or the ides of Guernsey, Jurfey, Al pen^itv^of0" demey, Sari, or Man, to hoist a particular signal, to denote that aooi,his vessel is liable to quarantine; such signal, for the daytime, to be a large yellow flag at the main topmast head; and, for the night time, to be a light at the same masthead; on failure whereof, such commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, so liable to the performance of quarantine, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of two hundred pounds.

IV And be it further enacted. That every offence committed Offences may

contrary to, or in breach or violation of, the said herein recited* t**in. a St, or this present act, or any order or orders of his Majesty, grea^britain1 ins heirs or successors, now or hereafter to be made in his or etc.

their privy council, ^touching or respecting quarantine, and notified by proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined, in any county within Great Britain, or in the proper courts of the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively.

V And whereas certain vessels and boats, after seizure and condemnation for offences against the revenue of customs and excise, are now by law liable to be broken up, and the seizing officers are rewarded with a moiety of the produce of the materials thereof, after deducing the charges of condemnation and sale: and whereas the reward of the seizing officers in such case is in general very trisling, and in some inflames the charges of condemnation and sale hove exceeded the produce: and tobereas it is expedient that officers of the customs and excifeshould have a proper encouragement to induce them to use their ut most endeavours to seize such vessels and boats; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the From June 14, twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and customs eighty eight, the commissioners of his majesty's customs and ancj cx(!jfe excise in England for the time being, or any four or more of seizing vessels them, and the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scot liable to be land for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall, warted and they are hereby authorised and required respectively, out as herein

of any moneys in their hands, arising from his majesty's share mentioned, of seizures, to reward any officer or officers of the customs and excise, who shall seize any vessel or boat, which by law shall be liable to be broken up after condemnation, and (nail not be used in his majesty's service, in the following manner; (that is to say), they (nail respectively reward, and cause to be paid to such officer or officers the sum of ten Shillings tonne, according to the legal admeafuroment thereof, for all such vessels and boats as shall exceed four tonnes by admeasurement; and the sum of forty Shillings for every such boat which (hstfl not exceed four'C C 3 tonnes

commission ers of the customs and cxcifc may cause seized vessels, not constructed forfnaugglingj lo be sold in (lead of $>rokei* up.

tens; and also one moiety of the produce of the materials of such vessels and boats respectively, after deducing therefrom the charges of condemnation and sale.

VI And whereas it happen: , in some case: , that vejfih seized and Condemned under the laws of cujioms and excise for illicit practises, which ore now by law dire fled to be broken up, if not sold to the navjy or to the cujioms or exefe, are not confirufted or fit for the purposes of Smuggling, and may be useful as trading vejfds; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall appear to the commissioners of his majesty's customs and excise, in England and Scotland respectively, that any Veffid under seizure .by their officers respectively, and which, on condemnation, is now by law liable to be so broken up is of such built and construction as not to be proper or calculated for smuggling, bat (haji, in their judgement, be fit and suitable to be uted and employed in fair mercantile trade, in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners respectively, and they are hereby authorised andf empowered ro cause every such veffet to be sold after condemnation, instead of being broken up; and she produce arising from such Tale shall be disposed of and applied in like manner as the produce of vessels seized by the officers of the customs and excise respectively, and which were not liable to be broken up, were heretofore sold, and the produce thereof difppfed of and applied.

VII And whereas it is expedient, under certain circumficnus, ti permit and allow the delivery of goods or commodities, upon security, 'which Shall or may be seized in purfuatice of any act or acts of parliament made in Great Britain relative to the trade and revenue of the Bririfh colonies and plantations in America 5 be it therefore further

Goods seized enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any goods or relative to the comm°dities shall be seed as forfeited, by virrue or in purfu trade of the arc? any a or as parliament, now or hereafter to be B iufh colour made in Great Britain, relative to the trade and revenue of the nies in Ame said colonies and plantationsin America, it shall and may be lawful deuv(tedy on or ce or judges of any court, having jurisdiction to try security being anc determine such Teizures, to order the delivery of such goods given to or commodiiies, on sufficient security by bund being given to answer double answer double the value of such goods in case of condemnation, the value. such security to be good and sufficient, and to be taken to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and in the name of the collec^or of his majesty's customs in whose custody the said goods may be lodged.

VIII And, to the end that fycb security may be good and sufficient,

Direction! be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the collector and with regard t comptroller of the customs shall, previous to the execution of the fecurfty^tc. make drift inquiry into the sufficiency of the furcties prov

9*posed to be bound; and if the said collector and comptroller

shall find them of ability to answer the sum of sums in which they are about to become bound, they shall then certify the same in writing jto the judge or judges of such court respective iy; and upon the production of such certificate, if the judge is

' alfq

\?88.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 34, 381

sjfo (arisfied with the sufficiency of the sureties proposed, the bond shall and may be executed, but not otherwise; which bond lhaii be delivered to and kept in the joint custody of the said col ie6tor and comptroller; and in case the goods or commodities for which such security shall be so taken as aforesaid, shall be condemned, the value thereof shall be paid into the hands of such coile&or, conformably to the condition of the bond, who shall thereupon, with the consent or privity of his comptroller, cancel the bond so given as aforesaid.

IX Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this* 'n ad shall not extend, or be confirmed to extend, to authorise or a^b/dcli permit the delivery of any goods Or commodities whatever, but vere<i. only in cases where the same shall be peridiable, or where the informer or prosecutor shall delay coining to as speedy a trial as

the course of the court in which the prosecution shall be commenced, and the nature of the circumdances will permit; any law cudom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from From Au. r, and after the fiffl day of dugufl one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, in case any open boat, belonging in the whole or desection, if in part to any of his majesty's subjects, and being of the length found within of twenty-three feet and upwards, built and confirudted for row four Gagnes mg or uiiing, or for rowing and failing, the length cf which °fthc I*1* shall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and cat''half to one foot in breadth, to be measured by a straight Britain, hne from the forepart of the (tern to the act side of the.

transum or stern post aloft, shall be found, either upon the water, within any port of the kingdom of Great Britain, or member or creek thereof, or within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain or in any place upon land in Great Britain, such open boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and boats, by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; and in of the built case any open boat, which shall be built for rowing or failing, or b, CL

for rowing and failing, belonging in the whole or in part to any forfeited." of his majesty's subjects, and being of the length of eighteen feet, and under the length of twenty-four feet, from the forepart of the Item ro the act side of the transum or stern post aloft, and the depth of which shall be greater than in the proportion of one inch and one quarter of an inch to every foot in length, such depth to be taken from the upper part of the plank next the keel to the top of the upper drake, whether such upper ftrake shall be fixed to the boat, or shall be used as loose or (hiding wadi drakes, such boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the cudoms or excise, together with the ship or vessel to which such boat shall belong. Boats of 14

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That fcct>.of a Pr

all open boats, belonging as aforesaid, of twenty-four feet and than

upwards, the depth of which shall be greater than in the pro, portion of one inch to one foot in length, such depth to be taken to 1 foot in as herein before mentioned, shall and may be seized by any [5nft.h» at officer or officers of the customs or excise**

Provided always. That this at shall not extend, or be C "

c4 cona*

3s2 Anno ytcfesimo octavo go*gii HI. 34* [1788*

belonging to conftroed to extend, to forfeit any boat on account df her fte navy, C belonging to or employed in the service of his myfty^nwpjm victualling, ordnance, customs, exrife, or postoffice, or vbhki is used on any canal or inland navigation, nor to any boat wbhy ever the owner of which shall have a licence from the lord imfe admiral of Great Britain, or the eommhfi oners of the adosonjfr for the time being, if such licence shall be actually on bootfc such boat at the time of her being detained or examined: mt boats which shall be constructed and built with timbers plank not less than the following scantling; (vide&eet), xn opo* boat from twenty to twenty-five feet in length, having pinole three quarters of an inch thick, ami timbers one inch and can quarter of an inch square 5 from twenty-five to thirty feet h length, having plank one inch and one eighth of an inch rfaickt and timbers two inches square 5 from thirty to thirty five feet i length, having plank one inch and three quarters of an inch thick, and timbers three inches square; from thirtyrfive to forty feet in length, having plank two inches thick, and timbers four inches square; from forty to fifty feet in length, having plank two inches thick, and timbers five inches square; from fifty feet and upwards in length, having plank three indies thick, and timbers six inches square.

XIII And whereas it bat been found that majflers of slip and vef* felt have wilfully and maheiously detained and ref used to deliver of certificates of regijlry1, granted tn pvrfuana of an ag made and pcffh in the seventk and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King CM. 1'3 William the Third, (entitled. An act for preventing frauds, and**'regulating abuses in the plantation trade); and also of an G

paid in the twenty firthyear of his present Majesty's reign, entitled,6 Geo. |. An act for the further increase and encouragement of shipping C and navigation), to the prejudice of the owner or owners of fycb ships

and vessels; for the remedying whereof in future, be it further ca ?ali "ac That on complaint made on oath (by the owner or any ingucertiir 1^' lfle owners of any ship or vessel whose certificate of registry cates of regi shall be so detained and refused to be delivered up) of such de (try, toforteit tainer and refusal, to any justice of the peace Widing near to the ioo. on con place where such detainer and refvtfal shall be, either in Great viaion. Britain, or in the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, or in any

colony, plantation, ifhind, or territory, to his Majesty belonging, in America, it shall and may be lawful for such justice, by warrant under his hand and feel, to cause such matter to be brought before him to be examined touching such detainer and refufel; aid if it shall appear to the said justice, on examination of the matter or otherwise, that the same is not lost or mislaid, but is wilfully and maliciously detained by the said matter, such matter shall be thereof convitfed, and shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and On failure of payment thereof, within the space of two days after such con VI fiion, he shall be committed to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, for such time as the said justice shall, in his discretion, deem proper, hot being less than fixmonths, nor more than twelve months. ru*XIV And

X 789 } Anno vicesimo om Georgii tu. C 35. 383

nxivp And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Justice majr hmwtea for the ftid justice, and he is hereby required to issue a, ffu5 wa£i?nt# wirrant tinder his hand and seal, to cause search to be made ceita^test far sech certificate; and if the same shall be found, the said C and if not juaice shall cause the same to be delivered to the owner, or sound, to cer such of'the owners as shall have made the said complaint; and if the tame (hau not be found, the said justice shall, and he is ho panted hereby required to certify the aforesaid detainer, refusal, and the last certi cenvidion, to the person or persons who granted the last cer ficatei, that tifieate of registry for such ship or vessel, who shall, on the fresh ones terms and conditions of the said acts being complied with, make registry of such ship or vessel de novo, and grant a certificate thereof, conformably to the directions of the said as, aerifying on the back ot such certificate the ground upon which such ship or vessel was so registered do novo.

CAP. XXXV

An act*£ to enable his Majesty to wake such regulations as may be necessary to prevent the inconvenience which might ar'tfe from the competition of his Majesty's subjefis and those of the most ebriftian king 1 in carrying on the fishery on the coojls of the if and Newfoundland ,

WHEREAS, by the thirteenth article of the treaty con Preamble.

eluded at Utrecht on the fourth day of April, new file, in Treaty of the year of our Lori one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, be Utrecht re tween her late majesty £>ueen Anne and the mofi ebriflian king cited Louis the Fourteenth, it was, among other things, agreed, That tbesjland called Newfoundland, with the adjacent islands, should, fremibat time forward, belt

that end tie town am

rd, belong d fortress.

right wholfy to Britain, and to of Placentia, and whatever other places in the said island were in the possession of the French, Should be yielded and given up, within seven months from the exchange of the ratification of that treaty, or sooner if pdfible, by the mofi chris ian king, to those who had a commijfton from the £)ucen of Great Britain tlmt purpose; nor Should the mofi chrifian king, his heirs or fuccejjors, or any of their fubjttts, at any time there after, lay claim to any right to the said island and islands, or to any part of them; moreover, it Should not be lawful for the subjects of France to fortify any place in the said island of Newfoundland, or to re any buildings there, besides stages made of boards, and huts nttessary and useful for drying of jijb, or to resort to the said island beyond the time necessary forfishing and drying jijh: That k Should be allowed to the subjects of r ranee to catch fish, and to dry them on land, on that part only, and in none other besides that part of the island Newfoundland, which Jlr etches from the place called Cape bo navista, to the northern point of the said island, and from thence running down by the western side, and reaches as far as the place called Cape Rich: and whereas, by the fifth article of the treaty Treaty of if peace, concluded at Paris on the tenth day of February one thou paris recited. [and seven hundred and flxty tbrte, between his Majesty and the

384 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 35. CI st.

late mofi cbrifiian King Louis the Fifteenth, and his most catbwsd majesty, it was, among other things, agreed, that (be fubyeot d France Should have the liberty of fishing and drying on a fart eftm coast of the island of Newfoundland, such as is fpedfied in the thirteenth article of the treaty of Utrecht, wbieh article it Treaty of firmed and renewed by the present treaty: and whereas, by the fiflb vcrja, ca article of the definitive treaty of peace, concluded at vcrfihles^fc*

rtciteo* tween his Majesty and the most christian king, on the third detynj

September one thousand [even hundred and eighty throe, it wm, afnong^ other things, agreed, That his majesty, the King of Gut Britain, Should be maintained in his right to thi island of Newfoundland, and to the adjacent ifiarids, as the whole were offered to Mm by the thirteenth article of the treaty Utrecht, excepting the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, which Were ceded in right, by the ford treaty of the third day of September one thau f and seven hundred and eighty-three, to his most christian majesty \ and that his majesty, the mofi christian king, 'in order to prevent the quarrels which had before then arisen between the two notions if England and France, consented to remove the right of fifbing which belonged to him in .virtue of the aforesaid article of the treaty rf Utrecht, from Cape Bonavifta to Cape Saint John, fituatedon the eafiern coast Newfoundland, in fifty degrees north latitude, and his majesty, the King of Great Britain consented, on his part, that the fishery.assigned to the futijefis cf his most christian jesty, beginning at the said Cape Saint John, pdfjtng to the north,

and defending by the wefitrn coafi of the island of Newfoundland, Should extend to the place called Cape Rage, 'fitvate in ferty fevm degrees and fifty minutes latitudes she French fifbermen fbaufi enjoy the fishery which was ajfigntd to them by the said article, as they had the right to enjoy that which was ajfigntd to them by the treaty Declaration of Utrecht: and whereas, by a declaration delivered by his Moot the French jesty9s ambaffhdor extraordinary to his meft christian majesty, bearing 5 " 1*783 ate af on l^efad third dy September one thousand seven hundred

cited.*and eighty-three, his Majesty engaged not' only to injure the execution of the last mentioned triay with his known good faith and punctuality, but to give all possible efficacy to fitch principles as my prevent dispute; and, that the fishertnen of the two nations may net gibe cause for daily'quarrels, was plyafed to engage that be would take the mofi positive measures for preventing his subjetls from interrupting in any manner, by their competition, the fishing of the French, during the temporary exercise thereof which is granted ts them upon the coafis of the island of Newfoundland, and that be would, for that purpose, cause the permanent settlements which Should be formed there to be removed; and that be would give orders that the French fishermcn Should not be incommoded in the cutting of wood ntcessary for the repair of their feoff olds, huts, and fshing boats; and that the thirteenth article of the treaty Utrecht, and the method of carrying on the fishery which had at all times ban acknowledged, Should be the plan upon which the fishery flxnsli be carried on there, and that it Should not be deviated from by either party, the French fishermen building only their ftafsolis, confining

f'r.r.'alp themfehjti

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 35. 385

Skfs to the repair of their fishing vessels, and not wintering; the subjects of his Britannic Majesty, on their party not fling in any mariner the French fishermen during their fifhingy injuring their feoff olds during their absence: and whereas it is dent, in conformity to the definitive treaty of peace and the de ii: n aforesaid y that his Majesty s subjects should be prevented t interrupting in any manner, by their competition, the afore fishery of the subjects of kis most chrifiian majesty, during the iorary exercise thereof which is granted to them on the coafi of tfoundland; and that all permanent efiablifhments on that part he (tall allotted to the French fifloermen should be removed; and such fishermen should be in no manner moufiedy contrary to the r of the said treaty, and the good faith thereof: in order, there9that kis Majesty may be the better enabled to carry the said h! treaties and declarations into faithful and punctual execution, w8 make such regulations as may be expedient, respecting the Trin the manner herein after mentionedy be it enacted by 'king's most excellent majesty by and with the advice and lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tpresent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the t, That it shall and may he lawful for his Majesty, his His Majesty k and successors, by advice of council, from time to time, by advice of

Iive such orders and instructions to the governor of New council, may Handy or to any officer or officers on that station, as lie tole lay shall deem proper and necessary to fulfil the purposes governor of he definitive treaty and declaration aforesaid; if it Newfound 11 bencccssary to that end, to give orders and instructions et 39 the governor, or other officer or officers aforesaid, to re proper or cause to be removed, any stages, flakes, train watts, fujtil the purser works whatever, for the purpose of carrying on fishery, poles of the Jed by his majesty's subjects on that part of the coast of j.r?aty f er wfmdland which lies between Cape Saint John, pa^ing to [he decura ' north, and defeending by the western coast of the said tion of the d to the place called Cape Ragey and also all ships, vessels, French king, boats, belonging to his majesty's subjects, which shall be above recited, i within the limits aforesaid, and also, in case of refusal part from within the limits aforesaid, to compel any of I majesty's subjects to depart from thence 5 any law, usage,

'utlom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

3, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tet if any person or persons shall refuse, upon requifuion Persons refus kic by the governor, or any officer or officers acting under j.ns to conn, in pursuance of his majesty's orders or instructions as irtsaid, to depart from within the limits aforesaid, or other the governor, ft to conform to such requisition and directions as such go to forfeit xool. fuor, or other officer as aforesaid, shall make or give, for t purposes aforesaid, every such person or persons so refusing, otherwise offending against the same, shall forfeit the sum two hundred pounds, to be recovered in the court of fef, ni or court of vice admiralty in the said island of New How pennl

indlond, or by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his tes are to be J '^recovered and

Limitation of suits.

386 X Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II C 36. [ 1788.

majesty's courts of record at Westminster\ one moiety of Isacfc penalty to belong to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibi*, and the other moiety to such perron or persons as shall Ibe or prosecute for the same: provided always, That every such hit or prosecution, if the same be commenced in Wwvf nmiumi. shall be commenced within three months, and if commeuqpd in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster* withift twelve months, from the time of the commission of such offence.

CAP. XXXVI

An act for the better securing tbt rights of. persons qualified to vol at county elections.

Preamble. 117 H E R E A S the laws now in being for ascertaining tbt rhjks of persons claiming to vote at the elections of Inigbts of tie hire to fervt in parliament for that part of Great Britain csboi England, and for the dominion of Wales, have by experience ten found inadequate: and whereas it is highly expedient to prevent, in such elections disputes delays, uncertainty and expense: and whereas it would greatly contribute to the prevention of the seed evils and to the ascertaining of the rights of the foid persons if prep registers of freeholders were to be by law efiablifbed: and whereas it would be much for the ease and convenience of the generality of freeholders if they were to be enabled to cause their names to be enrolled therein without being obliged to travel to a great Sfianu from their respective habitations for that purpose: it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the king's printer shall provide, for every county in that part of Gnat number of re Britain called England and for every county in the dominion giftera Mihail of Wales such number of registers as he (in manner hereinafter mentioned) shall, by the clerk of the peace of each such county (riding or division) respectively be required to provide*and every such register shall be of the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, No. 1; and each and every such register shall contain a copy of this act, printed by the.king's printer, in the Roman letter, or in the Roman and

March? 1780! Balici; and there shall be an abstract of jhis ad printed in the margin of every such copy; and the king's printer (has, on or before the fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, deliver such registers (or cause the same to be safely delivered) to each such clerk of the peace respectively; Clerk of the and every such clerk of the peace shall, on or before the fifth r^re°ifter^onc t*l0u^ar^ even hundred and eighty nine, de

to^ach^rrgif ^iver onc such register (or cause the same 10 be safely delivered) er keeper beto each person herein after authorised to act as a register keep ture Apiil 6, er within such respective county, and such register keeper shall, and is hereby required to signa receipt for the same, of the form fpccified in the schedule hereunto annexed, No. 2.

'- U. And

^

The King's printer to pro vrde such

be required and to trans snit them to the clerks of the peace for each county in England

178sj Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 36. 387

H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That parift1 to

there shall be, for each and every parish in that part of Great Britain called England, and in the dominion of wausy a re gitter keeper, and that (inasmuch as there are, in. some parts of this kingdom, paruhes of a large and inconvenient extent, but which are subdivided into districts) every subdivision of a parish, or every particular diftrksk (whether township, and every quarter, hamlet, parochial chapelry, constablewick, or other) for which a (Separate and distinct collector or joint collectors of the there it land tax, is or are'now appointed, shall be deemed to be a sea distinct col parate and distinct parish for all and every the purposes of this leftorof the ad, but for no other purpose; that the person who shall {j^jleemed^i collect the land tax for each parish (or district) as aforesaid re diftindtpaha. fjpedively, shall be register keeper for such parish (or district), Colleftora of and he is hereby required to act as such; and where there the land tax to shall be, for any parish (or district) as aforesaid, joint collec j regis tors of the land tax, the person first named for collector in the tcr' ccpcr8 instrument appointing such joint collectors, shall be the register lceeper for such parish (or district) 5 and in case of the death. If in any di illaefs, or absence of the person so first named, then the next 5n<^hlfre person authorised by law to act as collector, shall and is here la£j no by authorised and required to act as register keeper for such granted, or if parish (or daftrid); and if at any time there shall be no land thecolleftor tax granted and assessable, or in case of the death, illness, or shall die, dec. absence of every person authorised by law to collet the land for^tp tax in any particular parish (or district) as aforesaid, or if at pointed, the any time there shall ( from any other cause) be no person au constable to thorifed by law to collect the land tax in any such parish (or betheregif district)) and in every such case the constable or constables ttr kccper of such parish or district (or other officer or officers executing or performing the same or the like duty as that of constable) shall, and is or are hereby required to act as register keeper for such parish (or district) as aforesaid; every person who register shall act as register keeper as' aforesaid shall and is hereby re quired carefully to preserve the said register, which shall be jdfter.andde called the 44 Register of freeholders" for fpc liver it to kis

cifying the parish or district as aforesaid], and the said regis fucccflbr. ter of freeholders shall be safely delivered to the fucceflbr in office of such register keeper 5 and that, from and after the Every free passing of this act, every person having, in any county afore holdertohave laid, a freehold estate or estates within the true intent and meaning of this act, shall have a Tight to cause his name to be en she regiftlr rolled in the register of freeholders for the parish (or district) for the parish as aforesaid within which the whole or any part of such estate where his or estates shall lie, or out of which the whole or any part of state, orpt^ such estate or estates shall issue, upon making personal appli ^'asd regis cation for that purpose to the register keeper of such parish ter keeper, if (or district) as aforesaid; and if any register keeper shall be qualified, may duly qualified, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, to have his name enrolled in the register of free t v€*holders in his custody, it shall be lawful for him to enrol his own name in such. register

- III And

388 Annq vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C 35. [1788,

Freeholders III And whereas it would be expedient that freeholders rtjd* refidtng at a \, g Qt Q dijjance from he parish or place within which their n theivfree 0m fptblive freeholds Shall lie or out of' which the same shall issue, jbs&u holds, may be be enabled to cause their names to be enrolled in the register of frte enrolied, on holders aforesaid, without their being obliged to travel to such pc swearing to an rjjft j b.c.. jt therefore further enacted by the authority afore fore a justice That lt allan may lawful for any freeholder of any

jostle county county aforesaid, who shall reside (or shall be) within such in which they county, or within any other county of Great Britain, tocause who is his name to be enrolled in the register of freeholders aforesaid, t totheat" n le Allowing manner; (that is to say), such freeholder shall teftation. produce, to any justice of the peace for the county wjiercfuch freeholder shall reside (or shall then be) an attestation of the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, ajo. 3, which attestation shall be sworn to and subscribed by such freeholder before such justice, and such justice is hereby empowered and required, upon request being made to him by such freeholder, to administer such oath "gratis " and to sign the jurat at the If thejuftlce foot thereof, (and unless the justice, who shall sign the said b5<vnotilmar jurat, shall be a justice of the peace for the county in which county where le estate of such freeholder shall lie, or out of which the same the freehold shall issue, an oath of the form specified in the schedule here lies, the attef unto annexed. No. 4, shall be written or printed at the endrodu ed^oa attestation; and the said attestation shall be pro

justice'of thaf duced to some justice of the peace for the county in which die county; estate of such freeholder shall lie, or out of which the same andtheperson shall issue; and the person producing such attestation to such producing it justice shall, before such justice, take and subscribe the said last m d^ubferibe mentone oat anc such justice is hereby empowered and re an oath at the cluire^y upon request being made to him by such person, to foot thereof, administer such oath "gratis" and to sign the jurat at the On such attef foot thereof); and any attestation as aforesaid being after tation's being wards produced to the proper register keeper aforesaid, the free produced to holder whose estate is described in the said attestation shall be keeper he" as em*tled to have his name enrolled in such register of freeholder is freeholders, as if such freeholder were personally to apply as entitled to be aforesaid to such register keeper for that purpose; and such at enrolled. teftation shall be left with such register keeper, who is here attentions by requirecj l0 demand the same to be lo left: and the register theregiftw ^ceper foall deliver "gratis" unto every person who shall keeper, whois produce to him any such attestation as aforesaid, a copy of the to give a copy enrolment which shall be made in consequence of such attef of the enrol tation being so produced, provided that the said copy shall be manded the demanded on the day on which such attestation shall be so pro same day. duced.

Freeholders IV And be it further enacted and declared by the authority

above 18 years aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for any freeholder,

sage, enti above the age of eighteen years, ro he enrolled in any register

LI 0 keen f frec'00iders aforesaid, provided such person shall have a free roiled. on rc t, . -. ... 7 r.. r r.. -,

quelling foto h Jd estate within the true intent and meaning of this act, and

be. provided such person shall, (by pcrfanal application, or by

attestation

3*9

«738*1 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II C 3

atiestation, as aforesaid) request to be enrolied; and ever' such person shall be as fully entitled to be enrolied, and shall, in case of a refusal, have the same remedy or remedies, as any ocher freeholder.

V And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid. That the registers of freeholders aforesaid shall con Register to tain the matters and things in the schedule hereunto annexed, Otters in Afe, 1, particularly specified; that no register keeper, au schedule, nr. thorifed to make enrolments in pursuance of this act, shall rcgjfter, have any judicial power or authority whatsoever, with respect keeper to toany question which may arise relative to the right of any per have any ju fbn to be enrolled within the true intent and meaning of this dicia! power at 5 but every such register keeper shall, and is hereby requir question of ed to enrol (or in his orefence to cause to be enrolled) the name nght to enos every person who (nail (by personal application, or by attef rolment; cation as aforesaid, and at the dwelling house of the proper rebut 18 tocn' gifter keeper, on any day, and at a seasonable hour) request son^hctap^* to be enrolled in the proper register of freeholders aforesaid; plies accordant! the register keeper who shall make any such enrolment ingtothisad. (or whof shall cause the same in his presence to be made) shall register and is hereby required to sign such enrolment; but no register cn^ment6^a keeper as aforesaid shall be compellable to make any such en but not com rolment before the sixth day of April one thousand (even hun pellable to dred and eighty nine, or on a Sunday, a Good Friday, or a u1akc ant b.c.. chrijlmas ioy, or on any day set apart by authority for general oron a fading or thanksgiving; and every freeholder, or other person Sunday, See. as aforesaid, who shall (in either manner aforesaid) make ap Freeholders plication for any such enrolment to be made, shall have the may examine right to be present, and to examine whether the same be cor an^r^uire redfcly entered in the register of freeholders, and shall likewise ^gifter have the right to require that the said register keeper (hold keeper to iiga sign the said enrolment forthwith in the presence of the person them, making such application; and every such register keeper shall ^b^made* and is hereby required to make every such enrolment u gratis " gratis

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred After July to, and ninety, no person (nail be permitted to vote at any elec79°. noper tion of any knight or knights of the shire to serve in parlia ^kni 'ht naent for any county aforesaid, until such person shall have of the (lifrc made the following declaration; (videlicet), until he makes

the following

I Do declare, That my name is A. B. and that lam degaration.

[specifying the addition, profession, or trade of such per (bnj and that the ujual place of my abode is at

Jand, if it be d town confiding of more streets than one, then pecifying in what street] in the eounfy of, and

that Jam enrolled in the register of freeholders for [specifying the parish or district in the register of freeholders for which such person is enrolled] in she county of and that 1 really and truly have in the f aid parish or dijlrift, [or in the said parish on difirih, .and in Jpecifying in

- wiut

No perron to vote who bat not been enrolled a year.

Perron tendering rote to make the following

declaration.

Per fan ft to whom freeholds shall have come by death, office, or marriage, within 2 yeari beforetendering their

Anno vicefirm octavo georgii HI. C 38.

What other parish or district, if the case shall be, i

ttunty] an tjiauef the clear yearly value of,

and above the interest of any money by mortgage 1

estate, and alo over and above all rents and outgoings) of or in re/pe3 of the said eftattyother than or parochial taxes; and that the said estate of

[specifying whether the same confide of lands, oreft or of tithes, or of an office, or of a rent charge; 1 said estate consist of lands, or of mefiuage, or of I naming some occupier of such lands or mefiuage jr said estate confifi of an office, then naming the that I am in theaffual pejfeffien or receipt of the rents $

the said estate for my own use; and that I do [or, da i case may be] vote in virtuo of a leae, [and if it bea lease, then specifying the date of the said lease, andt tian names and the fumames of the parties thereto];

1 have not bten polled before at this;

my knowledge and belief, I am of the full age of i

tend have in my said ejlate a freehold.

VII And be it further enabled by the authority That after the said tenth day of July one thou find f deed and ninety, no person (except as herein after shall have a right to vote at any election ad any knights of the shire to serve in parliament for any cyal said, without having been enrolied, as hereinbefore I ed, in (one register of freeholders within such cow twelve calendar months before the day on which shall tender his vote at such election; and every as herein after excepted) who shall after the'fei his vote at any such election as aforesaid, shall, permitted to vote at such cledion, make the foiloi ration:

I Do declare. That 1 have been enrolled at leas months in the register of freeholders for [specifying the parish or district in the register of for which such person is enrolled] in the county of and that I have, by myself or been for at leas

lendar months last pajl in the aslual poffcjjion or reeetpt of or profits, for my own use, of the estate for which I claim to I

this eleflion.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by I thority aforesaid. That if any person (without has name enrolled for twelve calendar months as afe claim a right to vote at any such election as aforesaid*of a freehold eftat* which shall have come to him i the death of any person, or by promotion to any I any office, or by marriage, such person shall have a vote for such estate, anything herein before coir 1

*y88J Anno vicesimo o&aro Georgii III C 36. 391

CWOTJ notwithstanding, provided that the said freehold totes, to be dufe (nail have come to him within two years before the day px which he shall tender his vote, and provided the person so names have claiming to vbte shall have had his name enrolled as herein been enrolled hrfeir mentioned, in the register of freeholders for some pa prior to ten rifia (or district) within the county, before the time when he'd€rin&thero* Hcdl tender his vote; and every such person who shall, after the Such persona Aid tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety,°^*kj* tender his vote at any such election as aforesaid, shall, before,

llc be permitted to vote at such election, make (instead of the declaration aft abovementioned) the following declaration;

videlicet

Do declare. That the estate for which 1 claim to Vote at this declaration. elifiion came to mo within two years last pajl, by the death of £fpccifying the christian name and the surname of the person by whole death the person claiming to vote shall have acquired such estate, or] by promotion to the benefice cf [or] by promotion to the Office of

cpo h marriage with [as the case may be.]

But no such personas aforesaid, whose name shall have been But no such enrolled as aforesaid lefsthan twelve calendar months, shall be P"*" ffennitted to vote, unless such person (moreover) do produce to produce a co u19 sheriff (or other person who shall by law be ?uthorifcd pt of hit en mtalre the poll at such election) a copy of his enrolment, and. rolment, and (Kh copy shall be left with the said sheriff (or other person au |£iv!l't tfsbrifcd to take the poll) who is hereby required to demand Uien Ole said copy to be so lefti

IX And whereas inconvtniencies might arije, if persons not hw any frubold ejlate, within the true intent and meaning of this,

o&y were to cause their names to be enrolled in any register of freeholders as aforesaid; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall (by personal appli If any person cation, or by attestation) cause his name to be enrolled in any i cause register of freeholders which shall be kept in pursuance of this cnroued who ad, without such person actually having, at the time of such has not a le cnrolment, a freeholdj or if such estate shall not (at such gal freehold, time) be of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings, over and or which does above the interest of any money secured by mortgage upon the dt°ftris for*said estate, and alfjo over and above all rents and outgoings which the en payable out of or in respect of the said estate, other than par rolment is, Iiamentary, public, or parochial taxes 5 or if the whole or jpade, or if he some part of the said estate shall not lie in the parish (or district) ^cdpvof the in the register of freeholders for which such person shall have rents; or if caused Vis name to be enrolied, or iflbq out of lands or tene it be fraudu ments within such parish (or district; if such person (at lently granted the time of the making of such enrolment) shall not be, by mif!i^te himself or others, in the actual pofteflion or receipt of the anyparticu rents or profits of such estate for such person's own use; or lars thereof, if any person who shall cause his name to be enrolled in any he (bail for voi. XXXVI D d suchfeit iol

39*

Per font voting who arc under twenty-one years, or who have not a freehold, to forfeit aol.

Anno vicesimo octavo geor&ii III C 36. [1788.

such regiftef of freeholders shall be palfefted of rto freehold estate, but of such is shall have been granted to him fraudulently, or in which his interest (full be nominal or fi&itioos; or shall, upon personal application to be enrblied, mif state any of the particulars directed by this act to be specified in his enrolment j every person who shall be found guilty of any of the said offences, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to any person or persons Who bill first sue for the same.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person (half Vote at any election of any knight ot knights of the shire to serve in parliament for any oounty aforesaid, in virtue of any estate which (lull dot be a freehold, or without being of the full age of twenty-one Yeats, such peffel shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds of lawtfl money Greet Britain to any candidate for whom such person shall not have voted at the said cledion, and who shall first foe for the said forfeiture; but if no such candidate shall sue iot the said forfeiture within three calendar (ntirith* after the offence shall have been committed, then the said forfeiture shall go to any persan or persons who shall first sue for the same.

XI And be it further eriaded by the authority aforesaid, That if any register keeper authorlfed and required to make enrolments in any register of freeholders in pursuance of this

shall wilfully refuse to dnfrol therein zi aforesaid the name and not hew of any person who shall (by personal applicafidh or atteftation) ing fuffivient request to have his name so enrolied, then, ind in suchc?fe, rcfufaltoa lf fcfufal being proved upon the oath, of "one ormor*

justice, to for credible witness or witnestes, before any juftied df the peace feit 40*. to the for the county, (riding or division), it shall be lawful for Web person refus justice, and he is hereby required to summon such register keeper to appear before him, and to shew cause why he did so refuse to make such enrolment; and if fetch register keeper shall not shew sufficient cause to such justice for such refuhl, or if such register keeper, bdng duly summoned as aforesaid, shall ncgled to obfcy such summons, without giving sufficient reason for not obeying the same, such justice shall, by warrant under his hand and seal, cause to be levied, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the said register keeper, the sum of forty Shillings of lawful money of Great Britain, and also the full costs and charges attending such distress and sale, and the sum so levied shall go and be paid to the person who and ifthey re Hiall have been so refused to be enrolled as aforesaid; and if tiineatocfor ater any ch distress and sale such register keeper shall (on '*fresh application by such personas aforesaid to be enrolled)

again refuse to make such enrolment, such register keeper, being convicted thereof in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit to the person who shall have been again so refused to be enrolied, the sum of ten pounds, (to be recovered in manner aforesaid), and also the full costs and charges attending the distress and sale, and shall also forfeit to the said person, upon every fubfc

1 quent

segifter keepers.rcfu sing to make enrolments.

da

i

sat tol and so for every iuotctquent ret utal.

393

B Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 3

qnent conridion for the like offence, the like sum of ten pounds, (to be recovered in manner aforesaid), and also the sail coils and charges attending the distress and fate.

XII And, for the bitter promulgation of this afty be it further sia&ed by the authority aforesaid. That the cleric of the Clerk of the peace for every county (riding or division) aforesaid shall, on jt before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred topdeli*er to ind eighty nine, cause to be delivered to the different register the different keepers within the said county (riding or division) a sufficient register keep number of printed copies of the following notice, to be diftri frs within his tinted by the said register keepers to all the freeholders within copies ofs* the districts of such register keepers respectively; the said notice, to be register keepers are hereby required to leave (or to cause to be left at the left) one of the said printed notices at the usual place of abode cb°uc?jcvc^ of every freeholder within their respective districts, in the said thvfadd^**month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; month of and every such register keeper shall also, on some one or April; which more of the Sundays in the said month of April one thousand \lf tn^jic fmn hundred and eighty nine, affix, or cause to be affixed, jjoor of°evcry on the principal door of every church or chapel (if any such church, there be) within his respective district, immediately before the ufital hour of morning service (or if no morning service, then immediately before the usual hour of evening service) a notice in the following words; (that is to say), "Whereas, by an act of parliament, made and passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, entitled.

An act for the better securing the rights of persons qualified to vote <* county elections, it is enacted, That no person (except as therein excepted) shall vote at any election of any knight or knights of the shire to serve in parliament for any county in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the dominion of Wales, without having had his name enrolled in some register of freeholders within such county, at lead twelve calendar months before the day on which such person shall tender his vote at fetch election: every freeholder therefore, having in any one county a freehold estate of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings, is to take notice of the said act, and to cause his name to be enrolled accordingly; and the collector of the land tax for each parish or district (being by virtue of the said act authorised and required to act as a register keeper) will be ready St his respective dwelling house on the first Monday in the month of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, X

(between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the Afternoon of the said day) for thepurpose of making enrolments inporfuance of the said adkand the said register keeper shall Register fibfcribe his name, and his place of abode to the said notice:

Ind the clerk of the peace for every county (riding or division) D

Ifortfeid shall, on or before the said fifth day of April one Clerk of the [thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, also deliver, or cause peace, by 90 be delivered, to each and every register keeper within such April 5, 17$9, tounty (riding or division) a printed charge in what manner t^regmer*D d 2 h S

394

keepers charges relative to pob lishing the notices, See. to cause the notices to be proclaimed, and to send a copy thereof to every newspaper printed within the county, in the said month of April. register keeper to signa receipt for the notices.

register keepers, between the first Monday in May, and June L 1789, to deliver to every freeholder, who has not been enrolled the following summons.

register keeper to fub fenbe the fulfcmons.

register keeper to be already at his

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 36. [1788;

he is to publish the said notices, and also in what manner such register keeper is (in other respects) to execute this act, which charge shall be of the form ipecitied in the schedule hereunto annexed. No. 8.; and every such clerk of the peace shall cause the said notice to be publicly proclaimed in all the principal streets, squares, and places, in every market town within the county (riding or division) on same market day (if ny such there be) in the said month of April one thousand fetfen hundred and eighty nine; and every such clerk of the peace shall send a copy of the said notice to the printer of every newspaper printed within such respective county (riding or division), in order that the same may be inserted in a conspicuous manner at the head of the first column of the first page of every such newspaper, once in the said month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; and every register keeper aforesaid shall signa receipt for the said notices of the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, No. 2.

XIII And wbereasit is expedient to prevent any freeholder from being by accident or inattention omitted to be enrolled in the rv gijler of freeholders; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every register keeper aforesaid shall, between the said first Monday in the said month of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine and the first day of the month of June then next following, deliver or cause to be safely delivered unto each and every person who shall have a freehold efbfte within the parish (or district) of such register keeper, and who shall then reside within such parish (or district), and who shall not have caused his name to be enrolled as aforesaid in the register of freeholders of such parish (or district), a printed or written summons in the following words; (videlicet), <4 By an at of parliament, made and passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, entitled, An act for the better securing the rights of per font qualified to vole at county elections, it is enacted. That if you have a freehold of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings within my district, and if you shall not cause your name to be eorolled in the register of freeholders in my custody before the feoond Tburfday in the month of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; then and in such case you shall appear before me at my dwelling house on the said day, and between the boors of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon of the said day, in order then and there to cause your name to be enrolied; for, you will not be entitled to vote at any election of any knight or knights of the shire to serve in parliament, in virtue of the said freehold, without having lad your name enrolled in such register of freeholders at Teaft twelve' calendar. months before the day on which you shall tender your vote at such election; " and the said register keeper shall subscribe his name and his place of abode to the said summons

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That each and every register keeper shall, and he is hereby required to be ready at his r$fpe£uvo dwelling house, on the

^*V 3o01c

1^88; ] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 36. 395

fikf first Monday of the said month of May one thousand seven house on the fcumkedand eighty nine, between the hours of nine in the fore Monday m odoa andjof three in the afternoon of the said day, for the pur make7urol ° fofc of making enrolments in pursuance of this act: and if any meats; fegifter keeper aforesaid shall have sent any summons as afore aid, then, and in such case, every such register keeper respec- tirely, is hereby aifo required to be ready at his then dwelling house 00 the said second Thursday of the said month of June one and on the thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, between the hours of second thur ntne i the forenoon and of three in the afternoon of the said j?lm ^unc day, for the purpose of making enrolments in pursuance of this 9*

XV And be it further enacted by^the authority aforesaid,

That the king's printer shall provide for each clerk of the The king's peace aforesaid, a number of books equal to the number of Pinter to aegifters which he shall have provided for such respective clerk totdmit^ of the peace in pursuance of this act, and the said books shall be pjt8 Gf en*in the manner specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, rolmentf, and ft. 7, and shall be so bound as to admit leaves containing copies b'j, nk foring of enrolments as herein after mentioned, to be inserted therein; a'n<|

mod (hah also provide a number of blank forms of enrolments to transmit according to the form specified in the schedule. No. 1, hereunto them to the annexed, but printed on (ingle half (heets) equal to the total derks of thf number of forms of enrolments contained in the whole number of registers which he shall have provided for each such clerk of atim peace respectively: and the king's printer shall, on or before flte said fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and «ighty-nine, deliver (or cause to be safely delivered) the said books and blank forms to each such clerk of the peace respective Clerks of the ly; and each clerk of the peace aforesaid shall, on or before the Pfac£» by«9- ttid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty topdistribute*nine, distribute (or cause to be properly dlftributed) one half of half the blank the Aid blank forms, amongst all the register keepers within the formsamongst county (riding or division) of such clerk of the .peace; and each the such register keeper shall, and is hereby required to signa receipt arc rc* for the same, of the form specified in the schedule hereunto an ceipts for nexed. No. 2.* them.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That every register keeper (or person officiating as such as afore register said) shall, previous to the general quarters sessions of the peace ket'pers which shall be held for the county (riding or divuion) in the enrol tnonth of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, ments in the make (or cause to be made) upon the blank forms of enrolments register upon on (ingle half (heets, mentioned in this act, anexaft andcorreft copy of each and every enrolment contained in the register of ir them to freeholders in his custody, and of the progreftive number of the clerk o every such enrolment, and shall carefully examine the said copies the peace at with the corresponding enrolments in the original register, and [h^*quart|riv shall carry and deliver the said copies to the clerk of the peace at 1v9 " verifyu the said general quarter sections, and shall then and there declare ingthemupoa ppon oath (or upon solemn affirmation, if he fhafl bepqe of th oath; and - Ddq'people afterwards, m

39$

January and July yearly, to deliver in like manner copies of the enrolments

and a figrned

Police, if no

Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 36. [iym* people called Quakers) that the said copies are exacfc and trust copies of the relpe&ive originals; and every register keeper shall twice in every year afterwards (namely, in the month of Jowaj "and in the month of July of every subsequent year) carry stride her to the clerk of the peace, at the general quarter feffioftsof made in the the peace which tti a i 1 then be held for the county (riding or diyear! and also a copy of every enrolment that shall have been made id the

such'attetta'r register cf freeholders in his custody, in the half year inunctions as may diately preceding each such general quarter sessions refpcdtifdy,

hath then*an c^cn an t*lcrc vcr>fy such copy or copies upon

wi u cm; oath (or affirmation) as aforesaid, and every copy aforeoud(hall be made gratis; and ev$ry such register keeper shall at the same time also deliver unto fpeh clerk of thfc peace every atteftatioii which shall have been left with such register keeper as aforesaid: and if no enrolment shall have been made in any register of freeholders as aforefaiil, since the last copy which shall have been been midc.** delivered to the clerk f r^c peace as aforesaid, then and in such case such register keeper shall deliver (or safely transmit, (ealed up) unto such clerk of the peace as aforesaid a notice, of the form specifiad in the schedule hereunto annexed, No. which notice shall be signed by such register keeper.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clerk of the That every such clerk of the peace shall carefully keep allcqps peace to paste of enrolments received by him from any parish (or diftrja) is

cnrolmentfiq nd ({t/br bet?' p«fc"*nghcr^m.e).ft^11 a book; and the books, of the form fpcctned in the schedule hereunto his

any enrol nexed, No. 7, <0 be entitled with the name of such rdftsst^

ments or at parish (or district) as aforesaid, and shall cause every such copy

wanting or ift0 pad in such book on the front of the leaf having thetaa

he shall not progressive number as is contained in such respective enrolment;

have received and the said clerk of the peace shall carefully examine ail the pro

any copy of greffive numbers of such copies, and all attentions by himrt

r.oti^i»llt, 0r ce, VC as af°rcfa^» and (upon such examination) it baljtp

aforeftiid to Pear at any ch c0p7 wanting; or if ( from a comparifoo

of the said atreftations with the copies of the enrolments of persons

abfentat the time of enrolment) rt hall appear that any such

attestation be wanting; or if such clerk of the peace (h|il not

have received from each and every register keeper either a copy

of some enrolment, or else a notice as aforesaid of no enrolment

having been made; then in each and every such case the kid

clerk of the peace shall give notice thercctf unto the register

keeper herein before directed to deliver (or safely transmit) such

respective paper to such clerk of the peace, and the said clerk of

the peace shall repeat such notice as aforesaid as often as the case

shall require it; and every clerk of the peace aforesaid shall and is

> hereby required carefully to preserve all such books as aforesaid,

be delivered anc ^ewife al' attentions and notices which shall or may have

to hiafuccef ^cen delivered to him, or to any of ins predecessors in office, in

for. pursuance of this act; and all such copies, books, atteftationsand

notices as aforesaid, shall be safely delivered to the fucccflorin

office of such clerk of th peace.

- XVIII And

give notice thereof to the register keeper.

and he is to

preserve all

S.] Anno vicesimo odtarogeorgli III c.36. 397

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Register

That every register keeper aforesaid shall, in the month of May wcpcr3jn one thousand seven hundred and ninety (and also in the month j^o^andfo of May in every following year! carefully examine all the enrol annually, to ments entered in the register of freeholders in his custody; carry the reis any nerfon whose name is enrolled therein shall be then dead, and or shall have disposed of his freehold estate within such parish cn^mentsof (or diftvict), then and in either of the said cases such register suchpersons keeper shall, in the said month of May (or in the month of June as shall be hen next following), and he is hereby required to carry the said dead or ^*11 register to some justice of the peace for such county (riding or ofthdrfree^ divifioo), and shall at the same time carry to such justice a true holds, to a copy of the enrolment of every person who shall be dead, or who, juft!ce(who shall have disposed of his freehold as aforesaid; and such justice 1* to fill up the (upon the application of the said register keeper) shall, and is menu>ranthc hereby required to fill up the blanks in the memorandum at the duma), and end of such original enrolment in the register, and to fill up the to deliver the blanks in the memorandum at the end of the said copy, and to copies to the sign his name at the end of each such memorandum; and the clerk of the £ud register keeper shall, in the month of July then next follow ^arte'/fef 6 ing, carry and deliver such copy to the clerk of the peace at the Hows in July, general quarter sessions of the peace which shall then be held for Clerk of the the said county (riding or division); and the said clerk of the peace to paste peace is hereby required carefully to keep such copy, and (for the copies in the better preserving the same) shall cause such copy to be pasted book^oittbe in the proper book, and on the back of the leaf having the same back of the progreuive number as is contained in such enrolment; but no leaves having clerk of the peace, or register keeper, shall (trike out or erase l^efaa?^eum" any such enrolment as aforesaid, but the same shall continue and enrolment. Hand upon the register. No enrolment

XIX And whereas rent charges or annuities issuing out of free to be erased. hold lands or tenements, and granted for a life or livesy or greater

iftatiy as likewise leafesy are of a private nature, and therefore liable to fraudulent pr a flues in the eleflions of knights of the shire: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if The votes of any person shall have voted at any election as aforesaid for or in pcrfm»8 en respect of any such rent charge or annuity as aforesaid, such vote charge shall not be valid, unless the directions of an act shall have been annuities, complied with, that was made and pasted in the third year of the not to be va reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled, jjd> L cf t!lc An act to prevent fraudulent and occaftonal votes in the eleflions^knights of the hire, and of members for cities and towns which are be complied*counties of themselves, so jar as relates to the right of voting by virtue with, and a of an annuity or rent charge; and that if any person shall have memorial of voted at any election as aforesaid in respect or by virtue of any Entered with, leaf*granted for a life or lives, or joint lives, or a greater estate the clerk of of any freehold lands or tenements, such vote shall not be valid, the peace b.c.. unless a memorial of such lease shall have been enrolled with the the c. clerk of the peace before the first day of such election, which me §hctdvt morial shall contain the date of the lease, the parties thereto, the par: ie lands or tenements demised thereby, and the Habendum thereof, the lamb, and

Ddi atlhchabtn*

T dun.

39*

Clerks of the

peace, by April 5, 1789, to rrovide book for enrolling stich memorials.

The sheriff to provide for each dittrid a book for taking the poll.

Freeholder to vote at the poll book of the district in which he i enrolled.

From July 10, 1790, filer itts are to receive the vote of every person tendering it at the proper poll book, and making the rcquilite declaration, C

Persont aathorifed to take the poll, to administer declaration.

Sheriff tode darethenupa ber of votes given for each candictate, and, if within one hour afterwards, ten freeholders demand a fqrytiny, tq

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 36, [i

at full length; and every clerk of the peaceaforesaid shall, before the said fifth day of April one thousand fetor and eighty nine, provide proper books of blank paper enrolling of every such memorial, and shall be paid at of one penny (and no more) for every thirty words coi such memorial, and shall enrol such memorial as soon be after requisition made to him for that purpose.

XX And, for the more easy detrition of fraudulent ehfiiom of any knight or knights of the shire to fcrvt in any county aforefaxdy be it further enacted by the aittitorkyi said. That, at every such election, the sheriffof the for the taking of the poll, provide, or cause to be pri each parish (or diftria) as aforesaid within such county, rate book (or separate paper), or. separate books (or papers), of the form specified in the schedule hereunto No. 6; and at every such eleaion every freeholder Audi _ vote at some poll book (or paper) provided for the pnm diftria) as aforesaid, in the regiftfcr of freeholders for freeholder shall, have been enrolled ai aforesaid; and poll shall be taken down in the forta arid manner fpedfed laid schedule, ai. 6.

XXI And be it further enaacd by the authority That, from and after the said tenth day of July one seven hundred and ninety, no (herilf, or other person by law be authorised to take the poll at any such ' aforesaid, shall have any judicial power or authority to determine the right of voting of any perforv who shall his vote at such ele&iont but every such sheriff, or other authorised to take the poll at aofy such eleaion as afbfe£nd, : from and after the said last mentioned day, ad merely tni ally in the taking of such. poll, that is to say, he mall hereby required to receive the vote of every person who shall his vote at the proper poll book (or paper) a9 aforesaid, shall make such refpeaivc declarations as are above be made at such county eleaion, and who shall also takfc such rcfpeaive oath or oaths as shall by any act or acts of] liament then in force be direaed to be administered at tnyi election; and every person who shall by law be authi take or to assist in taking the poll at any such eleaion as said, is hereby empowered and required to administer 're'fpeaivc declarations.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority Thar, alter the said tenth day of July one thousand (cm dred and ninety, no scrutiny (lull be granted or had atanjfcfc eleaion 9s aforesaid, except for the sole purpose hcreumw1 mentioned; and at every such eleaion the sheriff of the cowfr* (hql!, without delay, cast up, and cause to be publicklydecwf the number of votes given for each candidate at such defttoty id if within one hour after the said numbers ihahhavelma* declared, aierptiny shall be demanded by any candictate, orlf ?njh*t4 frkfeol&r* erf the eounty, ip writing, uadataertwr

n 1

17m.] Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III 361 299

fund or hands, alleging that persons had voted at the election, to proceed who had neglected to comply with one or more of the directions thereinon th ofthia ad, then, and in such case, the said sheriff shall grant ^cftit be^such farutiny, and shall proceed therein on the day following, Sunday, C unless such day shall be a Sundayr, a Good friday, or a cbri/lmas day, or a day set apart by authority for general falling or thanksgiving, (and if a Sunday, a Good friday, or a cbrijimas day, or a day set apart as aforesaid, then on the following day); and the Clerk of the clerk of the peace for the county (or the clerks of the peace for {*°* the ridings or divisions within the same) shall attend the llieriff thcfctusny, oil every day of the said fcrutipy (and at or before the hour of with copies of eight in the forenoon of each such day); and shall tarry with enrolments, him or them all copies of enrolments which he or they is or are by this act directed to keep, and also all books wherein memo rialsof leases (halt have been enrolled as aforesaid, and likewise all books of entries of certificates and memorials, kept by such clerk or clerks of the peace in pursuance of the abovementioned act made and passed in the third year of the reign of his present majesty King Goorgt the Thiidj and if upon such scrutiny it Sheriff, on Hull appear to the said sheriff that any person shall have voted fcniriny, to without having been enrolled in pursuance of this act, or shall tefm

have voted in virtue of a lease without a memorial of such lease fonswbohave having been enrolled with the proper clerk of the peace as afore not been cn said, or shall have voted for or in respect of any rent charge or rolied, etc. annuity ifming out of freehold lands or tenements without hav to

ing complied with the directions contained in the above men*tioned ad, made and passed in the third year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, then, and in every such cafe/th£ said sheriff shall reject the said vote, and shall, upon but not to the original poll book, and opposite to the name of such voter, crafe the cn write the word, "rejeftedf but shall not (trike out or erase the try of the entiy of such vote in the said poll book. tote

XXIII And whereas it would be expedient that every regijler of freeholders which Ball be kept in pursuance of this act for any partjb (or district) as aforesaid, Should, at all seasonable times, be accejfible to every freeholder as aforesaid, who may apply to have his name enrolled in such regijler of freeholders; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such register of freeholders Registerto rental! always remain in the custody of the person who shall act as main with the the register keeper for such parish (or district) for the time being, and not upon any occasion or under any pretence whatever (except as herein after excepted) be carried to any distance from such parish (or district); and every copy of any enrolment or Copy of en enrolments in any such original register of freeholders as afore rolments in said which shall be proved upon oath to be a true and correct register to be copy, by any person who shall have carefully examined the same,

shall be deemed legal evidence of such enrolment or enrolments; anctalfo copy and; if in any case no such copy, examined with the original kept by the register of freeholders, and proved upon oath to be a true clerk of the and correct copy as aforesaid, shall (uy any witness who shall care fr"h7he futtyirave examined the same) be produced, then and in such register?s not

cate produced.

400

Kegifter may

Aiino viaefinoo a&avo Georgii III C i

case (lie copy of any enrolment or enrolments which (halifc clerk of the peace be kept in pursuance of this at (hallfecj ed legal evidence of any such enrolment or enrolment: ed always. That nothing herein contained shall' '

ice" or to 000 ft rued to extend, to prohibit the carrying of any i

theaffizci.

Rfgifters, etc, may he in fpeded on paying, is.

gifter of freeholders to any justice of the peace for (riding or division) in the particular cases above fp

Srohibit the producing of any such register at any; eld for the respective county to which such register I XXIV And be k further enacted by the authority \ That it shall and may be lawful for any person, at all^times, to resort to, and infpcdl any register of freeh any attestation or attestations, which shall be kept by i ter keeper aforesaid j or any book or books of copies L merits, or any attestation or attestations aforesaid, on or books of enrolments of memorials of leases, kept by any clerk of the peace in puiluance of this j person, previous to any such infpeflion, paying to fi keeper, or to such clerk of the peace refpe£tlyel)i, one shilling for each inspection of every such regift€fe| or attestation.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority*Kegifter^That every register keeper shall and is hereby requiq

livercopies of liver a true and cxa& Copy or of any enrolment enrolments, ments, or of any attestation or attestations in his custo or attefta any person or persons who shall demand the Came; iron. clerk of the pcacc aforesaid is hereby required to deli?

Ceace to de an{*exa<^ Copy or C0P*CS afly attestation, or of any atl liverccopics of r f any enrolment or enrolments of freeholders, or attestations, rials of leases, in his custody as aforesaid, unto any j enrolments, persons who shall demand the same; and every such j r, of livered by any such register keeper, or by any suchi

na s o ea ei. pcacc refpc(5tively, shall be signed by the register ke< the clerk of the peace delivering the same; and such'i be delivered within a rehfonable time after the same Feeforcopie*. been demanded; and such register keeper, or clerk ofi respectively, shall be paid for every such copy (at same shall be demanded) at and after the rate of two jp every such copy of any freeholder's enrolment, and at t one penny for every thirty words in any such atteftatioa ( morial of a lease; and all copies of enrolments shall bp J

Copies of all

enrolments to upon the blank forms of enrolments on single halfjhectm the, biank, f>0n t, once in this (or otherwise; provided always that \*

forms.

copies be in the form of the original enrolment.)

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority That every register keeper aforesaid shall, and he is quired to take care to be at all times provided with cierx oi me number f blank forms of enrolments aforesaid; and; i peacewheirihe iimc heh*h have but few such left, or if any register gf wants blank holders*for any parish (or d; strict) as aforesaid ihaubeouffl forma, etc. damaged or if such register shall be nearly filled with

Kegifter. keeper to apply to the clerk of the

ml

X 788.] Anno vicelkno octavo Georgii III C $6. 40j

naents, then and in any such case the fegifter keeper shall and is and the clerk hereby required to request the clerk of the peace for the county i^nss^ priding or division) to provide him with such blank forms, or them^u With a new register (as the case may require); and such clerk of application, the peace, upon receiving any such application, shall and is here required forthwith to deliver, or safely transmit to such re giftrr^kccpcr, a sufficient number of such blank forms, or a new ffegifter as aforesaid; and every such new register shall be made piftbe form and in the manner aforesaid; and in every such new...

lister shall be contained a copy of this act, printed by the pc^e sag's printer as above directed: and every such clerk of the caretobepro^ace hall and is hereby required to take care to be at ail times vided whn provided with a sufficient number of the said blank forms, and blank form j yrith a sufficient number of such new registers as aforesaid. an rcslftcri*, XXVII And be it further enacted by the authprity aforesaid,

hat (in order to ascertain the number of districts which shall be Clerk of the deemed parities, within the true intent and meaning of this act) jfou8top0&o ike clerk of the peace for every county (riding or division) afore r, to fiid, shall, previous to the month of October one thousand seven make out a Susndred and eighty eight, make out a full, exact, accurate, and lift °/y«t Complete list, which shall contain every district within such re**

epunty (riding or division), whether parish, township, °

Quarter, hamlet, parochial chapelry, constablewick, or other, for which a ieparate and distinct collector, or joint collectors of tie land tax is or are now appointed; and every receiver-general Receiver ge of the land tax within any county aforesaid, shall.and is hereby tct

fequired to give his utmost assistance in the making out or per meeting the said list, on being duly required foto do by any such ingit out. fleck of the peace; and every such clerk of the peace shall pro Clerk of the duce such list to the justices of the peace at the general quarter peace to pro jelfions of the peace which shall be held for such county (riding ^ctbe^r or division in the said month of October one thousand seven hun felons in the dred and eighty eight, and shall then and there declare upon said mouth of oath before the said justices, (or upon solemn affirmation, if he October, and shall be one of the people called Quakers) that the said list is, to iton the bed of his knowledge, information, and belief, a true list of oa*the several districts within such county (riding or division), for which a separate and distinct collector, or separate and distinct Justicestofigu collectors of the land tax is or are then appointed, and the said which

justices shall then lign such list, and the same shall be care amongst the fully preserved amongst the records of such county; and an exact county re copy of such list shall be made by the said clerk of the peace, cords, and ?q! shall (within one calendar month) be by him delivered unto C crk of she sheriff of such county; and the said clerk of the peace shall, {^vcopt on or before the twenty-fourth dy of the said month of Oflobtr to the sheriff one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, require the (ting's within a printer in London to provide and to send to him anumber of registers that shall be.equal to the number of districts contained in the list aforesaid, and also one additional register for every ten the King's districts contained in the said list (in order to supply the register printertofend peepers wish new registers in thcc^fcs herein beioyc mentioned);

and

registers, etc.

402 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III e.: 3$.

Clerk of the and every clerk of the .peace shall afterwards from time to L

ta milr^ _ _ _ t - _ _ V*/* ______________ tt - - -*'

Justices may amend lists.

peace to make app]y to^King's printer for such number of new pi^ofthelift (mac*c n manner aforesaid) as occasion may requiit; and kray aforesaid, on clerk of the peace shall make an attested copy of the list afion* being paid id. said for arty person who shall demand the same, such pehm for jo words, paying for such copy (at the time the same shall bedemanatf at the rate of one penny for every thirty words contained in ftp list; and if any parish (or district) shall be omitted ill die pfe ginal list aforesaid, it shall and may be (awful for the joftfahl of the peace, at any general quarter sessions of the peace for ddhcavhe tounty (riding or division), upon such'fad being proved"fa clerk of the them upon oath, and they are hereby required to caofe Mh peace to send list to be amended, by inserting therein the name of*regift^to ri (of district); and the said justices shall order the clerk of omittedin the Peace to fcn<* a register as aforesaid to the person btertbp*#* list; thorifed to act as regiffer keeper for such parish (or diftrf6t)*'>*#

XXVIII And be it further eriaded by the authority nfom Deputy to the said, That all the matters and'things by this act required to In clerk of the done or performed by any clerk of the peace aforesaid, maf Srhim.17^ a be kpny done and performed by the lawful deputy «

such clerk of the peace; and in case of the illnefe or absence of any such clerk of the peace, the lawful deputy of fetch clerk of the peace is hereby required to act as clerk of the pa with respect to all matters and things by this act directed tft be done.*'

XXIX Atid be it further enacted by the authority afew# Expenses in said. That all such necessary expenses as mall or may be inew*

pjin. red by the Xing's printer as aforesaid, or by any such clerk df ter" or clerk the peace as aforesaid, in or by the carrying of this at int of the peace, execution, shall be born and defrayed by such refpedfwi*to be paid out county out of the county rate, as also all other reafemablt Of the comity charges which shall be made by any such clerk of the peace, on

Clerk of the peace's expenses to be settled at the quarter fef fioiis, C

account of the trouble which he shall or may have had in the carrying of this act into execution, and the amount of fock expenses and charges of any such clerk of the peace shall be settled and allowed by the justices at any general quarter sessions of the peace; and in such of the counties aforesaid, in which there are or may be separate and distinct rates for different ridings, or other divisions of such counties respectively, the said expenses or charges shall be born and defrayed out of such respective rates, in such respective shares and proportions as such respective ridings, or other divisions of such county, shall then pay (or shall then last have paid) towards the land tax of such county.

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority afofefiud, From Jul? 10, That, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand turning offi fevert hundred and ninety, the oath commonly called The re cer'g oath not turning officer's oath, prescribed by an act made and passed m obeadmini the second year of his late majesty King George the Second, ftered/ intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the eleflim of members tofervt in parliament, shall not be

^. ad mini

1738.] Anno vicesimo oftaro Georgii lit C 36. 403.

administered at any election of any knight or knights of the (him to serve in parliament for any county aforesaid..

XXXI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

Tint, from and after the said tenth day of one thou .the'**" and feveo hundred and ninety, the oath commonly called The bodcn 0116» freeholders oath, prefcxibed by an act made and passed in the eighteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, Anto explainand mend the laws touching the

of knights of the flirt to fervo in parliament for that tart of Great Britain called England, fhsdl not be administerea at any election of any knight or knights of the shire to serve in parliament for any county aforesaid.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand and so Geo. j. seven hundred and ninety, the ad ritade and passed in the jjj f" twentieth year of his present majesty King the Third, eieaidri of

entitled, An CL to remove certain difficulties relative to voters at member of county eleflions, shall be and is hereby repealed, as far as the parliament, to hid ad relates to the election of any member or members to be »

serve in parliament.

XXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, from and after the said tenth day of July one thou a*alfoi8geo. sand seven hundred and ninety, all such parts of the above ^flate/to*^ mentioned act, made and passed in the eighteenth year of his tabling per late majesty King George the Second (and all such parts of any fons from vot other act or acts of parliament) as do disable any person to vote ing for mef atany election of any knight or knights of the shire to serve £ave*not beca in parliament for any county aforesaid, in respect, or in right, tofc

of any melfuages, lands, or tenements which shall not have ward the been charged, or assessed towards a bad tax, shall be, and the land tax. same are hereby repealed.; .

XXXIV And be it further enadpd by the authority aforesaid, That where any woman, the widow of any person who Second huf was tenant in fee or in tail, shall( be entitled to dower, or band may thuds, by the common-law, out of the freehold estate of v?tfli? which her husband died seized or poftested, and shall intermarry dower, 'tlio*6 with a second husband, such second husband shall not be pre not fet'out by eluded from voting in respect of such dower or thirds (if such bound, dower or thirds shall be of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings as aforesaid), by reason that the same shall not have been

assigned or set out by metes or bounds: provided always, that fp$h second husband shall pursue, as aforesaid, the directions of this act.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, making any declaration, or taking personsmak anyoath or, affirmation, by. this act authorised or required to ng.orfub bp undertaken, shall thereby be guilty of wilfully making a folnake, a6" falfit declaration, or shall commit wilful perjury, or be guilty fife dcclara of, lalfe affirmation, or if any pprfon shall unlawfully procure tfoq, to for or kbornajty person to make any. such declaration, or to take feit j001, cc any oath 9r affirmation, by this act authorised or required to he

k. y made

Persona destroying re gifteri, ice. or altering them, C to be transported.

How forfeitures may be recovered.

Limitation of adiona.

Anno vicesimo octavo gfcoitgtl HI. C 3^. [if

made or taken, whereby such person shall be guilty of I a false declaration, or mall commit wilful perjury, or I of false affirmation, every such person, upon being coov indidmerrs, of making such false declaration, or of f or procuring any person to make such false decurattom forfeit a sum, not exceeding five hundred pounds, mti also be Imprisoned for: any time, not less than one 3 not exceeding three years; or, upon being eonvidci didment, of committing wilful perjury, or fiibornttioiw jury, or of making false affirmation, or of suborning = any person to make false affirmation, dial) in suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflideil persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury, or fair of perjury.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the aut

said, That if any person, from and after the paffinguft shall wilfully and maliciously destroy, orcaufeorpr destroyed, or shall aid or assist in destroying, any freeholders, or ahy book of copies of enrolments, or 1 of enrolments of memorials of leases, or any atteftation^' register, of book, or attestation, shall be kept in ptirfiii this act; or shall wilfully and maliciously erase, orfclmfli or cause or procure to be erased or falsely altered, the 1 any part of ally enrolment, or copy of enrolment, tn i register, or in any such book, or any arteftatiod ttfordaati shall wilfully and maliciously insert, or cause or prdeuirf inserted, in any such register, or in any such book n(' said, any counterfeit or fiditious enrolment, or copy of < mens; or shall wilfully and maliciously make, or cadet cure to be made, any forged, counterfeit, or fiditious or book, or enrolment, or copy of enrolment, or aforesaid; or shall forge or counterfeit the name of any which shall or may, in pursuance of this act, be signed to enrolment, or copy of enrolment, br attestation or jurat'said; every person so offending, and being thereof la convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a demeanour, and shall be punished by transportation for term not exceeding seven years, at the discretion of thee before whom such offender mall be convicted' '

And be it further enacted by the authority afal said. That all forfeitures aforesaid, by this act to be inctm{ shall and may (except in the cases hereinbefore otherwiseprjs vided for) be sued for and recovered by action of debt, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of ft cord at Westminjur, wherein no effoin, protection, wager 4 law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; mil every such action the party against whom judgement (Ml M given (whether plaintiff or defendant) shall pay the full ttflfrjf suit; and every such action or prosecution as aforesaid Ait and may be brought or commenced at any time within thfrf years after the offence committed, but not afterwards;

i7$8.] aiwfrvicesimo octavo g&dkgli III C 36.

the person against whom any such action or profecutton (had bepersoniprofe brd^ght o commenced shall be legally served, within the*"j*d*!j? tinde aforesaid, with the writ or process by which such action or

prdfcctrtion Anil be intended to be commenced, nnlefi the service of such writ or process shall have been prevented by such person's absconding or withdrawing out of this kingdom; and every action or pfofecution which shall be brought or commenced as aforesaid shall be carried on without wilful delay,

XXXVIII And be it further enacted and declared' by the

atahoriry aforesaid. That if any petition shall be presented ro If petitions to the hoofe of commons, in which complaint shall be made that commons any member or members returned to serve in parliament had p|aj" 0fc^' been voted for by persons who had neglected to comply with due ele&iont, one or more of the directions of this act, such petirioh shall be they 0**11 be deemed and taken as a petition against the return only j unless deemed pen in fitch petition complaint shall also be made of an undue return*only.

XXXIX And whereas it is expedient ta prevent doubts relative t6tbe rights of voters at eottnty eleshns } be it therefore further

enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person shall be Ifo person to deemed to Incur any penalty for having caused his name to be incur any pe enrolled in any register of freeholders aforesaid, or for voting at "^ghisname arty such election as aforesaid, or (half be liable to have his vote tobeenrolied, dihtfowed. by any foledt committee of the house of commons, C if he he for or tonne decount of any want of, or defied! in title to the estate receipt in respect of which he Anil have caused his name to be enrolied, or in respect of which he shall have voted: provided always, bold, etc. that such person shall be (by himself or others) in the actual possession or receipt of the rents or profits of the same for his own use, and shall not hold such estate by copy of court roll, or at will, or at sufferance, or for any term or terms of years, or by or in virtue 6( any grant or lease not being for any life, or for any lives, or for any joint lives, or for a greater eaate.

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if arty freehold lands or tenements shall have been let or Persons en

demised, for any life, or for any lives, or for any joint lives, at tit, 'd L

a rent xeferved and payable for and in respect of the same, any jj'^ifed for

person who shall be entitled to receive such rent to his own use, lives to have

shall have a right to be enrolled as aforesaid, and to vote at any a right to be

such election as aforesaid for such lands or tenements, in like enrolied, etc.

mahher, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had only been

let or demised for a term of years: provided always. That the

rent so accruing to such person shall be of the clear yearly value

of fotty Shillings, within the true intent and meaning of this

aft.

XLI And whereas every freeholder being above the age of twenty-one years, who Shall have, within the hundreds or of

Highworth, Cricklade, Staple, Kingsbridge, and Malmibury, or one or more of them, in the county of Wilts, a freehold of the

dear yearly value of forty billings, and being duly qualified to vote L tltliions of knights of the hire for the said county of Wilts, by

1 law

40$ Ajmo vicesimo octavo Gborcii III C 36. [1788*!

law entitled to give his vote at every election of a or

to same in parliament for the borough of Cricklade, in the seed county of Wilts; be it therefore further enacted and declared From July 10, by the authority aforesaid, That, after the said tenth day of790, no per yu one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no such tree right to rote bolder as aforesaid shall have a right to vote (as such) at any for a burgess election of a burgess or burgefies to serve in parliament for the for Cricklade, laid borough of Cricklade, unless he shall, in pursuance of this wh rfi In a have qualified himself to vote at elections of knights of the voteforwilts. ftire. to serve in parliament for the said county of fpilts, fir and in respect of a freehold estate lying in or issuing out of one Retaining of or more of the said hundreds or divisions; and at every election of any burgess or burgefies to serve in parliament for the said act as Sheriffs borough of Cricklade, the returning officer of the said borough for counties shall, with refpea to the vole of every person claiming to vote under this by virtue of any such freehold estate, aft merely ministerially, etc. and in the same manner as the sheriff of any county aforesaid is by this act directed to a at the elc&ion of any knight or knights of the shire to serve in parliament for such county; and instead of the oath now by law directed to be administered at the election of any burgels or burgefies to serve in parliament for the said borough, the returning officer of the said borough shall and is hereby reqaired to administer, or to cause to be administered, to every person claiming to vote at any such election by virtue of any such freehold estate, the respective declarations aforesaid in the respective cases above fpccified,

N 1.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this specifying the form of the

"REGISTERS of FREEHOLDERS" for

in the county of

freeholder's christian name and surname — — - —

addition, prosession, or trade — —

freeholder's usual place ofubode, and if in a town,

naming the street - -- -- -- -- -

estate (that is) whether it be "Lands " or "Mejfuage" [naming some occupier of the, lands or message] or "Tithes" " "Office of"

[naming such office] or "Rent Charge "

If freeholder be present at the time of enrolment, i write the word "Present" " absent, write

"Absent- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - —

_ \

enrolment is N and was made on the day of one thousand

hundred and ( Witness my hand,

register keeper.

Memo

by

1adao viceiia>a<*aavo Georgii 111* C 36.

Memorandum. — This day of

one rhoufand hundred and I

one of the justices of the peace for do certify. That who alls as register keeper

for the abovementioned diftrhft, personally appeared this day before me, and informed me, that (to the bell of his knowledge, ihf6frmarion, and belief) the person whose name is enrolled' ifi'the above enrollment

/ A -- -- --*— .t -- -- — -- -- y<m

hat disposed of his estate in the said diftridh Witness

my hand

j

Justice.

Ms dead.

Witness 7 my hand, 5

Justice.

Nor roi the Printer, respecting the* Register of. Freeholders."

F VERY page of each register of freeholders mud bepf the abofo form, and made of large and durable paper; and each regiftar mutt ha*6'a substantial binding; and there must be five, hundred pages of the above form in each register; and every such register most eontain a copy of this act orf durable paper, of the same as. the said pages, and primed in the Roman letter, or

id the Roman and Itaikk. Each of the five hundred pages aforesaid must haw a progressive 'number printed in large figures (after the N in the above schedule); and particular care must be taken, that in each and every such register all the said numbers be in progseflive order.,

Note for the Printer, respecting the "Blank -: Forms of Enrolments."

THE blank forms of enrolments, on Angle half (heets* (mentioned in this act), must be of the exa6t form of the above schedule, and printed on one side only of the said half (heets; and the number (after the N) must be left blank j and the said hft mentionfed blank forms must be made of i liie to correspond with the books which are mentioned in this at, and which are particularly described in the following schedule, N 7.

N 2.

SCHEDULE

Rtftrrtd to by this ail, sating tbtof "RECEIPT.'*

4< T A. B. the register keeper for in thp county

X of do hereby acknowledge to.have received

" from) C D. the clerk of the peace for a register "

"enrolling freeholders, in which register is contained a "printed copy of an act, entitled, An act for tbt ftiuring Vox.. XXXVI Ee "tit

408

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii 111. C 36. [1788.

u the rights of perform qualified to vote at county elections, made and

C passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his raajesty

4t King George the Third; and I do hereby acknowledge to

C have also received from the said clerk of the peace

" [Specifying the number of J 44 blank forms of enrolments,

44 and " [Specifying the number of] 44 notices

44 to be dittributed by me; and also a charge in what manner

44 I am to execute the said a St. Witness my hand, this

<( day of one thousand seven hundred and

C

44 A. B."

n.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this act, sating the form of the "ATTESTATION."

44 T Request to be enrolled in the register of freeholders for 44 X in the county of and I do

44 solemnly swear" [or being one of the people called quakers, "Ido 44 solemnly affirm " J 44 That my name is A. B. and that I am

" [Specifying the addition, profession, or trade

of such person] 44 and that the usual place of my abode is at 44' [and if it be in a town confifiing of more Jhreets then

one, then Specifying in what street] 44 in the county of 44 and that 1 really and trqly have in the said parish or district" [or, 44 in the said parish or district, and in " Specify

tng in what other parish or difirift, if the case Shall so be, 44 in the 44 said county" ] "an estate of the clear yearly value of forty 44 Shillings, over and above the interest of any money secured by 44 mortgage upon the said estate, and also over and above all 44 rents and outgoings payable out of or in respect of the said 44 estate, other than parliamentary, public, or parochial taxes, 44 and that the said estate congfts of " [Specifying

whether the same consist of lands, or of message, or of tithes, or of Oft office, or of a rent charge; and if the said estate consists of lands, or of message, or of both, then naming some occupier of such lands or message \ if the said estate consist of an office, then naming the fame] 44 and that I am, by myself or others, in the actual pofleilion or 44 receipt of the rents or profits of the said estate, for my own 44 use; and that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, I have 44 in my said estate a Freehold. Witness my hand, this 44 day of one thousand hundred and

44 A. B."

44 The said oath" V 44 affirmation] was taken j 44 and subscribed, on the day and year afore / 44 said, before me, C D. one of the justices r Um 44 of the peace for the county of J

Nm

409

1788.j Anno vtccgmo octavo Georgii III C 3

N 4.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this hit, bating the form of the "OATH" to be

written (or printed) at the end of the N 3, in certain

tafts mentioned in the faii ait.

** T Do solemnly swear" " being one of the people called X Makers, "I do foletnnly affirm" ] "That my name is

"E. r. and that lam [fptcifying the addition,

profe/jion, or trade of such person "that the usual place of my "abode is at " [and if it be in a town consisting of

merestreets than one, fptcifying in what fireet] "in the county oif "and that the above attestation does, to the bell

"of my knowledge and belief, come from A. B. the person <( therein mentioned. Witness my hand, this day of

"one thousand hundred and

E. F."

"The said oath" [or "affirmation] was taken "and subscribed, on the day and year afore "

"before me, G. H. one of the justicea "of the peace for the county of

K 5.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this sating that form of the 44 NOTICE

u T A. B. the register keeper of the register of freeholders for 44 X in the county of do

hereby give notice to the clerk of the peace for the said county,

44 that the progressive number of the last enrolment entered in 44 the said register of freeholders is " {fptcifying

the said number] 44 and that the day of

44 one thousand hundred and is the date of

44 the said last enrolment. Witness my hand, this 44 day of one thousand hundred and

"AB."

Eea

6.

Anno vkcficfco o£u*ro Georgii III C 36. [lytt

SCHEDULE Rtftrrtd to by this act, sating tbt form of th "POLL BOOKS.

Parith %

or. r

diftna 3

of

in the county of

y

Name of freebolder*.

Their addition!, | prosessions, or trades. Theirusual places of abode. What the freeholds consist of, and where situate. (If lands, or tnefluage, or both, namefome occupier of t hefapte.) If enrolled less than i months, write "Ih death rf' or "By promotion to M or "By marriage with n If freehold consist of a lease, date date and parties. Candidates.

A. B. CD le. C

0

o

iy8ss] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 36.

N 7.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this afi> sating the form of the bool of CC COPIES of ENROLMENTS." [which bool is to be kept by the clerl of the peace, ]

The copy of enrolment, N must be parted upon this page.

[Note to the king's primer. each of the said books must

be of the lame size as the regirters of freeholders aforesaid 5 must have a substantial binding; must have five hundred leaves, as here specified; must be so bound as to receive two more leaves between every two opposite pages. The front of each of the said five hundred leaves must be of the above form. There must be printed (after every N) a progressive number; and particular care must be taken that in each and every such book all the said numbers be in progressive order; .and the same progressive number must be printed upon the back as upon the front of each respective leaf; and the back of each of the said five hundred leaves must be of the following form; videlicet; ]

The copy of enrolment, N must be pasted upon this page, provided any justice shall have signed the memorandum at the end of the said copy, stating either that the freeholder #< has M disposed of his efiatef or that he "is dead"

N 8.

SCHEDULE

Rtf erred to by this act, stating the form of the "CHARGE" to be delivered by the clerls of the peace to the register leepers.

to^the register keeper for in the county of

BY virtue and in pursuance of an act of parliament, made and passed in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for the better fecur* ini lb rights of persons qualified to vote at county electionsy (a copy of which alt is contained in the register sent you herewith), I do hereby charge you, —

That, (sometime in the month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine) you leave, or cause to be left, at the usual place of abode of every freeholder redding within your dif trits, one of the printed notices sent you herewith, and that you do subscribe your name, and your place of abode, to every such notice before you leave the same.

And also, that [on some one or more of the Sundays in the. said month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, ) you affix, or cause to be assisted, one of the said printed notices (subscribed by you as aforesaid) on the principal door of

E e 3 the

X

Anno vicesimo octavo Gborgh III C 36. f 1788.

the church or chapel (if any such there be) within your district, before the usual hour of morning service, or if there be no morning service, then immediately before the usual hour of erecting service.

And I also charge you, that when any person shall apply to you to make any enrolment in the said register, you do inform him, "That if any person shall (either by personal application, 44 or by attestation) cause his name to be enrolled therein, with 44 out such person adtualty having, at the time of such enrol c menr, a freehold, or if such estate shall not (at such time) C be of the dear yearly value of forty Shillings, over and above "the interest of any money secured by mongage upon the said (* and also over and above all rents and outgoings pay 44 able out of, or in respect of the said estate, other than par "public, or parochial taxes; or if the whole, 44 or some part of the said estate, shall not lie in the parish (or 44 district) in the register of freeholders for which such person 44 shall have caused his name to be enrolied, orifloeout ot lands 44 or tenements within such pariftt (or district); or if such per 44 (on (at the time of the making of such enrolment) shall not 44 be by himself, or others, in the actual possession or receipt of the rents or profits of such estate for such person's own use; 44 or if any person who shall cause his name to be enrolled in 44 any such register of freeholders shall be possessed of no freehold 44 estate, but of such as shall have been granted to him fraudulently, lently, or in which his interest shall be nominal or fictitious, 44 or shall, upon personal application to be enrolied, mif state 44 any of the particulars directed by this at to be specified in his 44 enrolment; every person who shall be found guilty of any of the said offences, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and 44 that no freeholder, under the age of eighteen years, has a 44 right to cause his name to be enrolled in the said register'

And also that you do enrol (or in your presence cause to be enrolled) the name of every person who shall (by personal application, or by attestation, and at your dwelling house, on any day, and at a seasonable hour) request to be enrolled in the said register, without your taking upon yourself to decide upon the right of any such person to be enrolied; but you are not compellable to make any such enrolment before the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, or on a Sunday, a Good Friday, or a cbri/lmas day, or on any day set apart by authority for general fasting or thanksgiving.

And also that you do carefully make every enrolment according to the manner set forth in the blank forms in the said register; and that you date and sign every such enrolment; and that you make every such enrolment "gratis"

And also that you permit every person applying to you to make any enrolment as aforesaid to be present, and to examine whether the same be correchy entered in the register, and to see that you llgn (iich enrolment forthwith.

And also that if any person shall by audiattaft w 7**

s?89.) Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii Its. C g5.

to be enrolied, you are to demand the said attention to be left with you; and you are to deliver "gratis unto every person who shall produce to you any such attention, a copy of the enrolment which you shall make in consequence thereof, provided the said copy be demanded on the day on which stich attestation shall be so produced to you.

And I alto charge you that you be ready at your dwelling house, on the first Monday in May one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine (between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon) in order to make enrolments.

And also that if any freeholder redding within your district shall have neglected to come to you to be enrolied, on or before the said first Monday in May one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, you do, before the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, deliver or eause to be safely delivered to every such freeholder a printed or written summons, in the following words, videlicet: "By an act of parliament "made and paifed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his u majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for the bet "feeuring the rights of per font qualified to vote at county elections u it is enacted. That it you have a freehold of the clear yearly " value of forty Shillings within my district, and if you shall not

eause your name to be enrolled in the register or freeholders 11 in my coftody, before the second Tburjddy in the month of "June one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; then, and 44 in such case, you shall appear before me, at my dwelling "house, on the said day, and between the hours of nine in the 44 forenoon and of three in the afternoon of the said day, in 44 order then and there to eause your name to be enrolied; for "you will not be entitled to vote at any election of any knight "or knights of the shire to serve in parliament, in virtue of the 44 said freehold, without having had your name enrolled in such 44 register of freeholders, at least twelve calender months before 44 the day on which you shall tender your vote at such election; " and that you do subscribe your name and your place of abode to every such ftimmons before you leave the same; and that if any such summons shall have been so delivered as aforesaid, then you are to be ready at your dwelling house, on the second Tburfday in June one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon) in order to make enrolments.

And I also charge you that, previous to the general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the said county (riding or division) in July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, you make, or eause to be made (upon the blank forms of enrolments, printed on (ingle half (heets, which you receive herewith), an exact and correct copy of every enrolment contained in the said register, and of (he progressive number of every such enrolment; and that you do then carefully examine ercty such Copy with the corresponding Original enrolment in the said ttg\fter> and that you bring and deliver all futth copies to me (or

E e 4 to

4*4

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 36. [ r 788.

to the then clerk of the peace), at the fa id general quarter sessions, and that you do then and there declare upon oath (or upon solemn affirmation, if a quaker), that the said copies are exact and true copies of the respective originals.

And also, that you do, in the months of January and July in every following year, bring and deliver to me (or to the then clerk of the peace), at the general quarter sessions of the peace which'shall (in such respective months) be held for the said county (riding ordivision), a copy (as aforesaid) of every enrolment that shall have been made in the said register, in the half year immediately preceding such respective general quarter session, and that then and there you do verify the said copies upon oath (or upon solemn affirmation, if a quaker) to be true copies of the respective originals in the said register, and that you make all and every of the aforesaid copies gratis "

And also that at every such general quarter sessions aforesaid you deliver to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) all suchartef tations as shall have been left with you in the half year immediately preceding such respective general quarter sessions.

And also that if no enrolment shall have been made in the said register since the last copy which shall have been delivered to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) as Aforesaid, then and in such case you (h*ll deliver (or safely transmit sealed up) to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) at the said general quarter sessions, a notice in the following form; videlicet,

44 T the register keeper of the register of

44 X freeholders for in the county of

44 do hereby give notice to the clerk of the peace for the said

4c county, that the progressive number of the last enrolment en

44 tered in the said register of freeholders is**

[fptcifying the said number] 44 and that the day of

44 one thousand hundred and

44 is the date of the said last enrolment. Witness my hand,

44 this day of one thousand

44 hundred and s

Which notice must be signed by you.

And I do also charge you that you do, in May 1790, (and in the same month in every following year) carefully examine all the enrolments entered in the register in your custody; and if any person whose name is enrolled therein shall be then dead, or shall have disposed of his freehold estate within your district, then, and^n either of the said cases, you are, in the said month of May (or in the month of June then next following) to carry the said register to some justice of the peace for the said county (riding.or division); and you are at the same time to carry to such justice a true copy or the enrolment of every person who shall be dead, or who shall have disposed of his freehold as aforesaid, in order that such justice (upon your application) may (in pursuance of the said act) fill up the blanks in the memorandum at the nd of such original enrolment in the register, and that

such

1788; ] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 37.

such justice may also fill up the blanks in the memorandum at the end of the aid copy, and that he may fignhis name at the cad of each such memorandum; and you are, in the month of July then next following, to bring and deliver such copy to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) at the general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the said county (riding or division).

And (by the said act) the said register is always to remain in the custody of the person who shall act as register kcepcr for the thne being, and the said register is not, upon any occasion, or under any pretence whatever, to he carried to any distance from your district, except when the said register shall be carried to any justice of the peace for the said county (riding or division) in the particular cases above specified, and except when you shall be duly required to produce the said register at any afiizes to be held for the said county.

And I also charge you, that you permit all persons who shall, at seasonable times, request leave to inspect the said'register, or any attestation in yourcustody, to inspect the same respectively, every such person first paying to you one shilling for every such inspection.

And also, that you deliver a true and exafl copy or copies of any enrolment or enrolments, or of any attestation or attestations, in your custody, unto all persons who shall demand the same re spectively, every such person first paying to you twoj>ence for every such copy of an enrolment, and at the rate of one penny for every thirty words in any such attestation, and you are to subscribe your name to every such copy; and all copies of enrolments are to be made upon the blank forms of enrolments, on fingie half (beets, which you receive herewith (or otherwise; always, that the said copies be in the form of the original enrolment.)

And you are to take care to be at all times provided with a sufficient number of blank forms of enrolments on fingie half sheets; if at any time you shall have but few such blank forms left, or if the register in your custody shall be materially damaged, or if such register be nearly filled with enrolments, then and in any such case you are to apply to the clerk of the peace for the time being to provide you with more blank forms, or with a new register (as the case may require).

And you are carefully to preserve the said register, and the same (together with this charge) is to be safely delivered to your successor in office.

CAP. XXXVII

An ofi for repealing the duties on buck or deer Jkins undrejjei, buck or deer Jkins Indian balfdrejfed, and elk Jkins undrejled, imported, and on hides and Jktns drejfed in oil in this kingdom, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof 5 for laying a duty on stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; allowing deer and other Jkins the produce of Florida to be sold by

auction.

Good

4i6

Anno vicefimb oaavo gfioxgil III £ 37. [17**

auttion, w /£* charged on fitch /alts; sr omening

several laws relative to the revenue of excise; to prevent the

salt of facets for consumption in the houses of reutikrs thereof, who hall not bavt licences to sell betr or ale

Preamble. WHEREAS, by an act made in the twenty seventh year ef % 1 Geo. 3. the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for ee

C 13. recited, pealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, sod merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), certain duties of cujioms are imposed for and in it fpi8 of buck or deer sans unarefftd, buck or deer sans Indian half dreffidi and elk sans undrejfedy imported into this kingdom, and certain drawbacks of customs are granted upon the exportation thereof 5 and certain duties of excise are also by the ad imposed for and in rejpefl of bides and fans, and parts and pieces cf hides and fans, drejj'ed in oil in Great Britain: and whereat it is expedient to repeal the faii duties and drawbacks of cufitms % and also the duties of exetfe, and to impo/e other duties and grant other drawbacks in lieu thereof % be it therefore enacted by the king's mot excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in (his present and from July parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, d t*788tbhc man aler l^c day one t^ou^aac* kven hundred

by imposedt ad eighty eight, the said duties and drawbacks of customs, and the draw and also the said duties of excise, shall cease and determine, backs ahowed save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying °ndbu(r dk, n any arrears hereof which may at that time remain unpaid, or 10 cease, 10 any ^ncs* Penalty or forfeiture, fine, penalties, or forfei9tures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

1 II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, and in lieu of That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand the repealed seven hundred and eighty eight, in lieu and in stead of the said torntthefok duties f customs and excise respectively, there shall be raised, lowing to be levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heifs and levied: successors, for and upon all buck or deer skins undressed, buck

or deer skins Indian half dressed, and elk skins undressed, which shall be imported into this kingdom, the following duties of Customs; that* to; fey.

For every For every buck«or deer (kin undressed, and for every buck or ljn* deer (kin Indian half dressed, which shall be imported into this ^irac^i^invkingdom, a duty of customs of twopence; dressed, imported, ad.; For

by Goodie

] Anno vlceluno o^avo Geoxoii IIT. C 37* 417

«rery elk llcin, which shall be imported into this king and foe every doty of customs of fourpence; the said duties of cut cut 5

0 be paid or secured by the importers of such skins re

ely before the landing thereof: . -, .

that there shall be also paid to his Majesty, his heirs, he repc*ied rceflbrs, for and upon all hides and skins, and pans and dutiei of ex of bides and skins, which shall be dressed in oil in Great cife, the fol

''J, ?b.c. Pa^£th*vdreffm; hctcof rcfp°aivc !evtdvn°(wn. tfollowing duties of exctfc; that is to say, dressed in oil:

every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck, deer, and foreveryll>.

ns, which shall be dressed in oil in Great and so of back, etc.

portion for any greater or less quantity, one shilling: is.

every pound weight avoirdupois of all sheep and lamb for every lb.

which shall be dressed in oil in Great Britain, and foin of

rtion for any greater or less quantity, threepence; an'd>s'

every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hide? and fr every lb.

and parts and pieces of bides and skins, which shall be of all other

1 in oil in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any skins, 6d. for left quantity, sixpence!

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 171 thevoi t from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand lowing draw hundred and eighty eight, there shall be paid for and upon hacks to be les and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, esrortation 1 shall be dressed in oil in Great Britain, and exported as of hides, and andize to foreign parts, the following drawbacks t that duns dressed foin oil in Great

# _ Britain, viz.

r every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck or deer skins, For every lb. Ik skins, which shall be (b dressed in oil in Great Britain, of buck, etc. for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof**"»'» have been paid), whether manufactured and actually made pods or wares or not, and exported as merchandise (o so iparts, one shilling :

S every pound weight avoirdupois of all sheep and Iamb for rvery lb.

, which shall be so dressed in oil in Great Britain, (and {rf<hleflfor duch the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall jreffed and been paid), which shall be manufactured and actually manufactur L into goods or wares, and exported as merchandise to fodi jd.;

(parts, threepence:

R every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and for every lb. it which shall be so dressed in oil in Great Britain, (and all other which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall mdmamsfac t been paid), which shall be manufactured and actually "ured, fid.; '*into goods or wares, and exported as merchandise to so '

it parts, sixpence

pound weight avoirdupois of all (been skins, which every It.

1 have been so dressed In oil in Great, and duly dreffttfand*'

, (and for which the duties by this act imposed in re duly marked, it thereof shall have been paid), and exported as merchan two thirds of 1 to foreign parts, two thirds of the duties by this act ini tbc dutf» bd in respect thereof respectlvely.

is

for <ffry lb. of all other Hi ns (except lamb skins) drefiedand duly marked, two thirds of the duty.

Buck, etc. fltins imported since June i, 1788, and not entered, to be subject to the duties, etc. of this act.

No excise draaback to be paid on hides or lkins, but those granted by this act.

Drawbacks to

be paid according to the rules, etc. of 115 Geo. $. C 74.

Buck or deer skins mult have had the hair only taken off to be deemed half dreflfed.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 37.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other! skins (except lamb skins) which shall have been ft oil in Great Britain, and duly marked (and for whickl ties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have I and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, two < the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof resp "

And be. it further enacted by the authority 1 That all buck or deer skins undrefied, buck or deer dian half dressed, and elk skins undrefied, which been imported into this kingdom since the first day t one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, but of \ "tries have not been made, shall be' ftibjed and liable 1 veral duties of customs and excise imposed by this s, other; and shall be allowed the like drawbacks upatfj portation thereof from this kingdom, in like manneri had been imported after the said fifth day of July one I seven hundred and eighty eight.

V And be it further enacted by the authority That no excise drawback whatsoever shall, from and a said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and! eight, be paid or payable on the exportation of any " skins, or parts or pieces of hides or skins, drefied in < there manufactured or 'made iftto goods or wares or 1 and except such drawbacks as are granted by this act.

VI And be it further enkdted, That the said drawbac paid and allowed out of the duties of excise hereby imp ipedt of such hides and skins, and parts and pieces <

skins, so drefied in oil in Great Britain, under, subjedfc, andi ing to the rules, regulations, reftrtdlions, nd provisions, 1 ed and provided in and by an act made in the twenty stbj the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for rtf duty imposed on tea by an act faffed in the lost flffion af partial for granting other duties in lieu thereof \ for repealing so much ral acts as relates to the removal of tea; for dire ft ing the 1 excise to examine and certify the exportation of excifeabti ties; and for better securing the duties on candles concerai^ exportation of exciseable commodities.

VII Provided always, and be it further enadleh by 1 thority aforesaid, That no buck or deer skins shall be < or taken to be half dressed, within the meaning of I but such as are now usually imported under that denomk and which have undergone no other operation or dre- that of taking off the hair.

VIII And whereas, immediately before the commencement 1 said act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of kiss Majesty, (entitled as aforesaid), certain duties were i allfluffs, except stuffs made of woollen, or whereof the gm in value Jbouid be woollen, printed, flamed painted, or 1 Great Britain: and whereas it was intended to charge, by fkj act made in the twenty seventh year rftbe reign of his prtfent'm

C ' )gle

4*9

r88.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 37.

?jp, duty upon all futb stuffs (extept as printed, slain,

, or dyed in Great Britain; but no duty is by that

tbargedupon ter tain sorts offutbfluffs ft flamed,

for dyed, and it is expedient that a duty Should be charged upon $ same be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, .For tot there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto a Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every yard in length, printed, etc. ckoning yard wide, of ajl Huffs, other than such Huffs for (not liable to f in respect whereof any duty of excise is, by the said at duty undersy lade in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Geo. 3. C is), bjehy, imposed on the same being printed, painted, or dyed*£3^ of one I Great Britain, (and except such thereof as shall be dyed colour, etc. a uroughout of one colour only, and Huff made of woollen, or duty to be thereof the greatest part in value shall be woollen), and which paid of 3d. aq. lall be printed, Hained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, nd foin proponion for any greater or less quantity, three ence halfpenny; to be paid by the printer, Hainer, painter, or tyer thereof.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be he several and respective duties by this act imposed Hull from leviedaccord imetotime be raised, received, levied, recovered, andfecur fo?c^vthe* rd by such ways and means, and under such management, and commence jnder such penalties apd forfeitures, and with such power of ment of this adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and subject to such rules and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as by any act or acts of parliament (as the case may require) in force at the commencement of this act, for or in respect of hides or skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, drifted in oil in Great Britain; or for or in respect of linens and Huffs printed, Hained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, is directed and preferred 3 and that the said act and acts, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things therein contained, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the said duties respec tively, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the respective duties by this act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and re enacted in this act.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all money arising by the duties by this act imposed, the Duties to be necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same ex paid into the cepted, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his carried to majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and the money so paid into tbeconfolu the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to dated fund, and made part of the fund called The consolidated fund.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all money from time to time arising for pr in respect of Account of any licences which the said commissioners of excise in England cences^o be and Scotland respectively, or the collectors or supervisors of ex kepl wilhout

cife.

distinguishing Ihcpcr cent duties.

and to be paid into the exchequer in entire Turns, to be carried to the consolidated fund.

7 Geo. 3. €.13.

From July 5, 1788, skins imported from East or West Florida, to be free of any avcrion duty, on the first sale thereof on account of the original importer, if it be within twelve months.

Clause of 5 Geo. 3. C 43. recited.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 37. [17*11,

cife, are by law authorised or empowered to grant, and wfakk are chargeable with certain duties commonly called per cat duties 1 shall be kept in the excise books of account in entire sums, without distinguishing how much of such money is due for or in respect of such percent duties; and such money, and also all other money from time to time arising for or in respect of any licences which the said commissioners of excise respectively, or the collectors or supervisors of excise, are authonfcd or empowered, by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for laying certm duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers a ixcifeable commodities therein mentioned), to grant, shall be accordingly paid into the said receipt of the exchequer in such entire sums, and be carried to and made part of the said fund, called The eonfolidated fund.

XIL And whereas, by an act made in the twenty seventh year tf the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties compofm^ the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), an excise duty of seven pence is chargeable (among aether things) on every twenty billings of the purebaft money drifting or payable by virtue of any Jale or auction, in Great Britain, of iter and other ftkins imported into this kingdom from East and West Florida in America: and whereas it will greatly tend to encourage the importation of such deer and other ftkins into this kingdom, if the same were allowed, under certain restrictions, to be sold by auffion fru tf the said duty; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, all deer skins, and other skins, of the produce of East or West Florida in America, and which (hill be imported into this kingdom directly from thence, shall and may be sold by auction free of the said duty: provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise the sale of any such deer or other skins free of the said duty, unless on the first sale of such deer or other skins, by or for the account of the original importer to whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the customhouse at the port of importation, and unless such sale shall be made within twelve months next after the importation of such deer and other skins respectively; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII And whereas by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act for the better securing and further improvement of the revenues of customs, excise, in

L

788.] Anno victfitpo e&tvo Georgii III C 37.

ik) and felt 4tlties; and for encouraging the linen naanufac of the lju tf Man and for allowing the importation of boffsl goods the produce and manufacture of the said island, antor certain restrictions and regulations); reciting that great rrm4i bad been tmmitttd by divan maker 1 of bard, by -

mg trodficreting large quantities tf faap, in the abfenee tj the off

*rs % from the tapper, pan, or other utenfel wherein the same was«*» it was enactedy That all and tvery person and persons wbo^after thgfftb dayt (July one thousand seven hundred and sixty five Should mgf* nay hard joapy Should at his, her, or their own expense, find ptwmdfy and affix sufficient wooden covers, to be approved of in v&iting by and under the hands of the respective surveyor or super njffie of excise of the division, or difirift in which every such respective maker of hardfoap Should refsde, to every copper, pan, or other utensil wherein he Should boil or make any bard soap which said coppers, party or other utensils, with the covers thereto affixed, and also the pipe or pipes that conveys or convey away the wqfie or salt lees from tm eipper* pany or other utensil, Should, and they were thereby re amend to bo securely locked and sealed down by the officer of excise who fmrveyed such trader, as Joon as the fire was damped or drawn from reader the copper, pan, or other utensil, whenever any sap, or axft thing of a soapy quality, Should be left therein; which said locks and keys to the same, and all other necessary fafienings for securing tha coppers, pans, or other utenftls, and also the pipes, Should be provided by the respective surveyors or supervifers of excise of the divi jfim or iijlrift in which such respective makers of bard soap Should rejfide, at the expense of such respective makers; and whenever any Jonh weaker of hard soap Should he desirous of lighting a fire under such copper, pan or other utensil, Jo locked and sealed down, and Amid have given to the officer of excise of the division or dijirift twelve hours notice, if such maker of bard soap Should refede within the limits and jurisdiction of the head office of excise in London, or if such maker of bard soap Jbculd reside in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice of such his, her, or their inten*> tiou, the officer of excise Should attend to unlock and open the copper, pony or other utensil, and the pipe or pipes so secured, under the pc unities in the said act in that behalf provided: and whereas djubts have ariftn, whether the provisions of the said recited clause, and the penalties therein contained, do extend to all makers of ball soap j and the provibe it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the provisions of the said recited clause, and the penalties "end to the " therein contained, do extend, and the same shall accordingly makers of ball extend to makers of ball soap. soap.

XIV And whereas by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of4 Geo. 3. the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An as For better fe C curing the duties on (larch and soap), it is among other things enacted. That no maker or makers of hard soap shouldfell any hard soap but in the Jbape or form of cakes or bars, or what is commonly called or known by the name of ball soap; and that all feraps and parings of hard soap Should be returned into the copper or boiler in the presence of the officer, immediately after the soap that bad been put into the

frames

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 37. [178?.

frames from any one boiling Should have been cut up for salt: ami whereas it has bten found by experience, that great quantities of such feraps and parings, injlead of being returned into the copper or heikr, as is directed by that alt, in the presence of the officer, are seat out

into consumption, to the great detriment of the revenue, and the injury of the fair trader, and it is difficult to prove the same to be feraps and parings, by reason that the officers ore not authorised by law to ftize the same, so as the same may be produced on the trial, and be proved to be feraps and parings; and it is equally detrimental to the revenue by whatever means such feraps and parings get out into consumption: remedy whereof, be it enacted by the an

Parinp of thority aforesaid. That if any feraps or parings of hard soap hard, ap, rc" shall be sold or sent out by any maker or makers of hard fbap, moved^ from^ or found removing or carrying, or removed or earned

one place to from one part of this kingdom to another, by land or by water, another, may the same shall be forfeited, together wkh the calks and pack the^nwlwrt^ aes contain'n6 ^ame» and shall and may be seized by any forfeitiool.° °cer or officers of excise; and the maker or makers of hard

soap who shall send out or sell the same, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the Aim of one hundred pounds.

XV And whereas by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for more effectually preventing traders in exciseable commodities from tiling faife weights and feales, and for explaining and amending severs! acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs), it is enabled, That if at any time after the twenty-fourth day of Jane one thousand seven hundred and evenly, any trader subject to the survey of any officer of excise, and required by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise to keep sufficient and jujl feales and weights, Should in the weighing his, her, or their flock or flocks, make use of, or cause or procure or Joffer to be used, any faise, unjust, or insufficient feales or weights, to the intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties by the send laws respectively granted, that then and in every such case the party or parties offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence: and whereas it is difficult to prove that such feales or weights are faise, unjujl or insufficient, by reason that the same are not forfeited, nor the officers of excise authorised by law to seize the same, and it is therefore expedient to forfeit the same, and to authorise such officer to seize the same; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any trader subject to the survey of any officer of excise, and required by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise to keep sufficient and just feales and weights, shall, in

Unjust feales the weighing his, her, or their flock or flocks, make use of, or or weights cause or procure or suffer to be used, any faise, unjust, or in hfcdin sufficient feales or weights, to the intent to defraud his Majes

may l^fcized re duties by the kidaws respectively granted, such

by any officer feales and weights respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and of the excise. may be seized by any officer or officers of excise,

eo. a. A VI And whereas by an alt/made in

e

4*3

1788.] Anno vicesimo o&tvo Georoxi IIL C 37.

the reign of his kte majesty King George the Second, entitled An act96k for encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits, of the growth, produce, and manufaaure of the British sugar plantations, from this kingdom, and of British fpirirs made from mo lades, it was among ft other things enacted, That oil rum andspirits of thegrowth, produee, and manufacture of the British sugar plantations in America, which Should be exported from this kingdom as merchandise*Should be proof spirits; and in order that the same might he properly examined, and the casks marked when any person or per jans Should be deferous of shipping any quantity of such rum or spirits, they were thereby required to give notice thereof in writing to the officer of excise of the divifm or place where such rum or spirits were intended to be slipped, five days next before such rum or spirits Should be put on flipboard, in which notice Should be expressied the number of casks, and the quantity of rum or spirits so intended to be slipped and it Should be lawful to and for the gaugers or other officers of excise, before the delivery of such rum and spirits from such ware boases, and at any time afterwards, to mark all and every such casks or other package, in such manner as the respective comm'fficners of excise Should dire and to take a ample or samples, not exceeding one pint in the whole, out of each of the aid casks or other package containing such rum or spirits, paying for such sample or samples (if demanded) according to the market price rum or spirits of the tike quality Should be sold for at the time such sample or samples Should be taken: and whereas doubts have artfen whether such gaugers or other officers of excise art by the said recited clause authorif ei to take by way of sample or samples more than one pint of such rum or spirits out of any such cask or package containing such rum or spirits; to obviate such doubts in future, be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That when any person or officer*ofex* persons shall have given any such notice as aforesaid, it shall eife may take and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise, before the delivery of such rum or spirits from any such ware think fit o7 house or warehouses, and at any time afterwards, to take as rum intended many samples as he or they shall think fit (neither of such fam to be export pies exceeding half a pint) out of each of such calks or pack CD at the rate ages containing such rum or spirits, paying for such samples (if °on3#8*pcr* demanded) at and after the rate of three Shillings per galion; 9

and if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any such officer or officers of excise in taking any such sample or samples, upon his or their offering to pay for the same as aforesaid (if demanded), the person or persons offending therein, shall, lor each and every such offence, several ly forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII And whereas it is expedient to allow the officers of ex eft to take famplet of rum or spirits, of the growth, produce, or nanufofture of the British sugar plantations, which flail be delivered out of any warehoufo or warehouses in which the same Shall have been lodged in pursuance of the said last mentioned act, as floret to be pent and eonfumed on board any ship, in any voyage to parts beyond the seas, according to an act made in the seventeenth year of Vol. XXXVI F f tbi

4*4

and also of ftorc rum for ships on their voyages.

Rum, shipped for ftoree, if relanded, to be forfeited, flee.

and every person concerned therein to forfeit treble the value;

and if he belong to the ship, tool.

19 Geo. 3. C 56.

Anno vicesimo octavo georgii IIL C 37; [1788,

tit reign ef his present Majtftj, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise, before the delivery of such ram or spirits so delivered as (lores, to be spent and contained as aforesaid, from any such warehouse or warehouses, and at any time afterwards, to take as many samples as he or they shall think fit (neither of such samples exceeding half a'pint) out of each of the calks or packages containing such rum or spirits, paying for such samples (if demanded) at and after the rate of three Shillings per galion; and if any person or perfoas shall obstruh or hinder any such officer or officers of excise in taking any such sample or samples, upon his or their offering to pay for the lame as aforesaid (if demanded), the person or persons offending therein shall, for each and every such offence, fete rally forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII And, for preventing the relanding futb rum er spirits m flail be fa slipped for ft ores, be it further enacted by the author rity aforesaid. That in case any such rum or spirits so shipped as (lores as aforesaid, shall be unfhtpptd in order to be rdanded, then not only all such rum or spirits, together with the calks or other package containing the same, together with the boats and vessels, horses, cattle, carts, and carriages made use of in such rclanding thereof, or in the removal or carriage thereof after such relanding, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (end by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; and all sod every person and persons who shall so uoship, or cause or procure to be so uoffiipped, any such rum or spirits, or shall be 'assisting, or otherwise concerned in such unshipping the same, or to whose hands the same shall knowingly come after suck unihipping thereof, shall forfeit treble the value of such rum or spirits, to be estimated at the bed and highest price which rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the Bru tifl sugar plantations in America shall sell for in London, at the time when such forfeiture shall be incurred; and if any mailer or other person belonging to, or on board any ship or vessel on board which any such rum or spirits shall be so shipped as (lores, shall assist in, or connive at, such unihipping or islanding any faefi rum or spirits, he or they (over and above all other penalties provided by any ad or as now in force) shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIX And whereas by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of kit present Majesty, entitled, An act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an a made in the seventeeath year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as auctioneers; and certain rates and duties on ad lands, houses, goods, and other things, sold by auction; and upon indentures leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments \ relates to the method of granting licences to auctioneers, and to the col le6ling the duties on estates and goods sold by auction, it is amongst other things cnaclcd, That, from and after the fifth day of

iy88.j Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III c.37.'

425

Joly mt thousand /evenhundred and Jiif any sale by auffitn J'ofany efiait, goads, or e battles, Should be rendered void by reason that the per/on for whose benefit the same was sold had no title to the same, or no right to dispose thereof, then and in every such case it Should and might be lawful for the auflioneer who paid

the duty for the thing so sold, or for the ptrfon for whose benefit the same was so sold, to lay his, her, or their complaint before the ummissionersof excifit, orjujlicesof the within whose juris

diflion refpeflivtlyjuch sale was made; and the said commissioners

of excise, or justices of the peace respectively, upon such complaint to them made, by or on the behalf of such au or by or on the

behalf of the ptrfon for whose benefit the same was sold, Should and were required to hear and determine all such complaints, and examine the witnesses upon oath which Should be produced, as well on the behalf of the party making such complaint, as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties, which oath they had thereby power to adminifier; and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve the party so complaining of so much of his, her, or their respective payments as Should be so mode out before them to have been overpaid: and whereas it is expedient to afeertoin the time within which such complaint Should be ft laid, so os to entitle the party complaining to reliefbe it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Complaints of in order to entitle the party complaining to relief, all such com sales by auc plaints shall be laid within twelve calendar months after such tion being sale, if the sale shall be rendered void as aforesaid within that time, void to be or if the sale shall not be rendered void as aforesaid within that made in a time, then such complaints shall be laid within three months year if they after the discovery of the person for whose benefit any such be rendered estate, goods, or chattels, was or were sold, having no title to orclfe

the same, or no right to dispose thereof; and no such complaint j, thre'e shall be laid, or any relief given thereupon, unless such com months after plaint shall be laid within the time herein before in that behalf the discovery, prescribed.

XX And whereas by the said af!, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is also enabled. That in case the real turner of any estate, goods, or effitfl put up to sale by way of auflion, hall become the purchaser by means of his own bidding,

or the bidding of any other person on his behalf or for his use, at such sale, without fraud or collujion, then and in such case the rejpefiivt wmmiffmtrs of extife in Great Britain, and such,

and other officers of extife, as are thereby respectively thorifed within their respective colleflions and dijlrifls to receive the said duties mentioned in the said act, are thereby auihoriftd and required to make an allowance to such owner of the duties by

that act upon such bidding, provided notice be given to the before such bidding, both by the owner and the person intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale for the use and behoof of the seller,

and providedfuch notice be verified by the oath of the auflioneer, ^as also the fairness and reality of the said transaflion to the best of bit knowledge and belief t and whereas it is expedient that no futfi

allowance

416

No allowances of duty to be made to purchasers of their own effects at auction!, unless prior notice of their having authorised a bidder be given to the auctioneer.

Goods liable to excise, and the materials in the custody of themanu fatsurer, C to be subjefl to arrears of duty, etc.

slow fines are to be recovered and applied.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 37. [178*.

allowance Shall be madey unless such notice in writing be given as h herein after dir efted \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such allowance shall be made unless notice in writing, signed by the owner and the person intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale for the use and behoof of the seller, shall have been given to the auctioneer before such bidding, nor unless such delivery of such notice shall be verified upon the oath of the auctioneer, as also the fairness of the transaction to the bed of his knowledge.

XXI And whereas it is expedient that all goods and commodities for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by law imposed and also the materials, preparations, utensils, and vessels, in the custody of the mater or makers manufactwrer or manufacturers cf fweb goods and commodities respectively, for the purpose of making or manufacturing such goods and commodities respectively, fhovld be fab jest and liable to the duties of excise in arrear and owing from rhyme to time by such maker or makers, manufacturer or manufacturers, and also Subject to all fines penalties, and forfeitures incurred by such maker or makers, manufacturer or manufacturers relating to his, her, and their trade or business; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all goods and commodities for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by law imposed, apd all materials, preparations, utensils, and vessels in the custody of the maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers of such goods or commodities respectively, or in the custody or possession of any person or persons to the use of, or fa trust for such maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers, shall be subject and liable to, and the same are hereby made chargeable with, all the duties of excise in arrear and owing from time to time from or by such maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers, for or in respect of any such or the like goods and commodities respectively so made or manufactured by him, her, or them; and shall alfa be subject to ell fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred by such maker or makers, manufacturer or manufacturers, or other person using any workhouse, warehouse, or other place, to such maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers, for any offence against any act or acts of parliament relating to the duties oa such or the like goods or commodities; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy such fines, duties, and penalties, and use such proceedings as may lawfully be done, in relation to such goods and commodities, in case the debtors or offenders were the true lawful owners thereof.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this a ft, shall befued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways means, or methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, io any of his majesty's courts of record at Wfflnunfter^ or in

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo gboroii III C 37. 427

the court ofexchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceltors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or fut for the same.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of again (I any person or persons for anything by him or them action, eic. done in pursuance of this or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to his majesty's revenues of customs and excise, or either of them, such ad ion or fiiit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county § and the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards £ verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, be?, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, again ft such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any information or suit shall be commenced and If in any ae* brought to trial, on account of the seizure of any goods, wares, tkerc or merchandise seized as forfeited by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, canfe for a relating to the said revenues, or either of them, or of any ship, seizure, the vessel, or boat, or of any horse, cattle, or carriage used r claimant not employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a verdict to costs C shall be found for the daimer thereof, and it shall appear to the 9

judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, that there was a probable cause of seizure, the judge or court before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall certify that. there was a probable cause for making such seizure; and in such case the claimant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person or persons who made such seizure be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution, on account of such seizure; and that in case any and in any action, indictment, or prosecution shall be commenced and such action in brought to trial against any person or persons whatsoever, on who f«z account of the seizing any such goods, wares, or merchandise, ecj j8 defen or of any such ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, or carriage, dant, be shall used or employed in removing or carrying the same (whether not be liable any information shall be brought to trial to condemn the same ^''daroakc" or not), and a verdict shall be given against the defendant orlc\ 8*defendants, if the court or judge, before whom such action, indictment, or prosecution shall be tried, shall certify that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing so seized, or the value thereof, shall not be in titled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit; nor shall the defendant, in such prosecution, be imprisoned or be fined above one shilling.

No writ to be sued out against any person acting under any act of parliament relating to the customp or excise, in lef* than a month after notice given etc.

108. to be paid for such notice.

Tender of amends may be made within the month after notice, and pleaded in bar of action, etc.

No evidence to be given but such as i contained in the notice.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 37. £1788-

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no writ or process shall be sued out against any officer of the customs or excise, or against any person or persons a&ing by his or their order, in his or their aid, for anything done in the execution or by reason of this or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the said revenues, or either of them, until one calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been delivered to him or them, 'or left at the Usual place of his or their abode, by the attorney or agent for the person or persons who intends or intend to sue out such writ or process as aforesaid; irt which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained, the cause of action, the name and place of abode of the person or persons in whole name such action is intended to be brought, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney of agent; and that a see of twenty Shillings and no more shall be paicj for the preparing and serving of every such notice.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such officer or officers, or other person or persons acting in his or their aid, to whom such notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any time within one calendar month after such notice shall be given, to tender amends to the person or persons complaining, or to his, her, or their agent or attorney; and in case such amends are not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him or them grounded on such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea or pleas, with leave of the court in which such action shall be brought; and if upon ifliie joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or m case the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discon tinue such action, or in case judgement shall be given for such defendant or defendants, upon demurrer, then such defendant, or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs as be or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the general issue only; and if, upon issue so joined, the jury shah lind that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants in such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and such damages as they shall think proper.

XXVII Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That no such plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any, case where an action shall be grounded on arty aft done by the lfl defendant or defendants, shall be permitted to produce any evidence of the cause of such action, except such as shall be contained in the notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any verdict against such officer or officers, or person or persons acting in his or their aid, unless it shall be proved on the trial of such action that such notice was given, and that in default of such proof the defendant or defendants in such aftioa shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid.

17w, ] Anno vicesimo octavo gkokgii in. C 37. 429

XXVIII And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any such officer or officers, or other petfbn Amends may or persons acting in his or their aid, shall neglect to tender amends, or shall, have tendered inefficient amends before the htoc joined? action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, lay leave of the court in which such action shall be brought, at any time before ifltie joined, to pay into court such him of money as he or they Stall think fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, from

That this act shall commence and take efied, as to all such w5, i7gg, matters and things therein contained in respect whereof no fpe inailinstances rial commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and where no par imsnediatcjy after the fifth day of July one thousand (even hun j^cementit dred and righty cighr. fpccified.

XXX And wbtreasy by an ab made in the tweietyseventh year

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituledy An act for laying7 Geo. 3. additional duties upon licences, to be taken out by persons C recit€d' dealing by retail in spiritoons liquors; noting that it was expedient that additional duties jbnh be paid by all per sins who Should Sake out lianas to deal by retail in spirituom liquor it is enabedy That9 from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven9 there Should be raifedy levied, cobebedy and paidy unto and for the nfe of his Mejessy, his heirs and fiuajforsy the severed and refpebive sums in the foetid ab in that behalf mentionedy four and upon all Barnes to be taken out annually, in manner in the foetid ab mentionedy by all persons who Should retail any dijfilled spirituous liquors or Jbrong Waters within Great Britain: and whereas diverse ferjbnsy dufy'luenfedfinte the faffing of the said ab to retail distilled spirituous liquors, have now no liana granted to them by the Justices of the peas in due form of law to Jell aley beery or other easy table liquors by reason of such justices of the ptaee having re fufei to grant such licences to such personsy and similar eases may occur in futurty and Jucbpersons being unable to sell ally beery or other endfeable bquersy for want of such licencty have become greatly reduced in their circumstancesy and been deprived of the means by which they might have been enabled to make good though payments by the said ab direbed to be made for or in refpeb of the licences by the said ab direbed to be taken outy and it is therefore expedient to refund to futb persons the money received from them refpebively on account of such paymegtsy since such their refpebive licences granted to them refpebively by the justices of the peace have expired; and also to exonerate such personsy as well as all other persons who may hereafter be in similar circumstancesy from all further payments by the said ab direbed to be niadey for or in refpeb of the licences by the said ab direbed to betaken out; be it therefore enacted. That it shall commffion and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise in etc^torcturn England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them re to the persons foe&ively, within thp limits of the chief officers of excise in licensed tore«f 4 London uil fi "riu

m

43°

, since parting the rrciicd ad, and who shall not have ale licences on July 5* 1788, the moneys paid under! hat ait, iiace their aie ''licences expired, etc

47 Geo. 3. C a

vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 37. [1788.

London and Edinburgh refyedively, and for the several collectors of excise in other parts of Great Britain within their respective collodions; and such commissioners and collectors of excite respectively are hereby required to pay, out of the monks arising from the duties of excite upon licences to retail difiilled spirituous liquors, to all and every person and persont who Wereduly liqenfed since the parting of the said act to retaildiailkd spirituous liquors, and who, on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, shall have no such licence to sell ale, beer, or other exciteable liquors, by reason of such justices of the peace having refused to renew such licence to such persons, the money received from them respectively for or on account of any of the payments by the said act directed to be made for or in respect of any licence or licences by the said act directed to be taken out, since his, her, or their respective licences, granted to them respectively by the justices of the peace to sell ale, beer, or other exciteable liquors, have, expired; and that no such person or persons as aforesaid, nor his, her, or their executor or administrator, shall be liable to the payment of any sum or Aims of money whatsoever by the said act directed to be paid, for or in respect of any licence or licences by the said act directed to be taken out; and no perfeo or persons whp now is or are, or hereafter shall be, duly lkenfed to retail diddled spirituous liquors, and who shall afterwards have no licence to tell ale, beer, or other exciseabk liquors by reason of the justices of the peace having refused to renew such licence to him, her, or them, nor his, her, or their executor or administratqr, shall be liable to the payment of any fut or Aims of money whatsoever by the said act directed to be paid for or in respect of any payment by the said act directed to be made, for any time elapsed since the expiration of any such licence or licences which any justices of the peace shall so refute to renew; anything in the said act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXI And whereas by an afty made in the twenty fisventbyear of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties on glass made inx Great Britain, it was enabledy That in lieu of the duty of extifiy then chargeable and payable for or in respect of any materials, or metaly or other preparations made use sin Great Britain in the making of cajl plate glass, there Should be paid to his Mojeffiy his heirs and fuccejj'orsy at and after the rate of one pound one billing /mdfive pence halfpenny per hundred weight, for all cast plate glajs whuh Should be made in Great Britain, and which Should be fiptarei into piatcs of a superficics not less than one thousand four hundred and eighty-five incbesy and of a tbicknefs according to their superficiesy as isr therein mentioned and described: and whereas by the said act it was cnaftedy "I hat all and every maker and makers oj cajl plait glajs Should break into Jmall piecesy to the satisfaction of the officer of excise under wkofe survey such maker or makers Should be, immediately

1788.3 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 37.

upon Mag rtquijled foto do by such officer % all cajl plate and all tul let which Should not be squared into plates, according to the dir elf ions of the fond a Jo as to render futb glass and cullet unfit for any pwrpofe kei that of remelting \ that if any maker or makers Jbemld ncgltff or refuse foto do be Jbe, efr they Jbouldyfor every hah offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds: and whereas it has been sounds by experience, that there is no certainty that any soft plate of glafis will turn out to be in all its parts of the tbicknefs preferred by the fimid recited ay although the maker thereof may intend and be deftnats to make the same of the tbicknefs so prescribedy and by rea fim thereof \ the same is liable to be broken into small pieces, according to the direhions of the said recited ally to the great loss and injury #/ the maker thereof be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the fifteenth day of June From Juoerj, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, no cad plate 17*8, plate glass, the superficial content whereof unit be one thousand of the tout hundred and eighty-five square inches and upwards, and herein fpeci the thlckaefs whereof mall, upon an average, be at the lead fied, not to be five twentieth parts of an inch, shall be liable to be broken into broken into small pieces, according to the directions of the said recited act, pieces, anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas by an afty made in the twenty ftxtb year ef his present Majesty's reigns intituledy An act for granting to his6 Gccrt S additional duties upon sweets, and for ascertaining the C 74# duties upon licences to be taken out by persons dealing in sweets $ was enalfed % That from and after the fifth day of July 000a thousand seven hundred and eighty six ir Should and might be lawful to and for his Majesty's commffioners of lamps or any two of them, to grant upon any piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of popery any licence for filling of sweets or british wdr mats by any retail measure to any person or persons applying for*the same, (although such person or persons Should not have a spirituous liquor or ale licence), stamped or marked with a fiamp or mark of two pounds and four billings; and that all and every person and persons Jelling Britidi made wines only under Jucb licencesy Should be freed and discharged from any penalty by the as therein mentioned impofied for selling wine under licences not Jfampedy as by the said as were dtre8ed: and whereas it is expedient to refrain the selling British wines or sweets for consumption in the loufes of retailers thereof to such persons only as ball have obtained as well a licence for soiling beer and ale, as a licence for the sale of britishmade wines; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That From July s from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, no person shall, by virtue of any licence for british wines the sale of bntijb made wines or sweets, be entitled to sell such for confuirp wines or sweets for consumption in his or her own house, tin in their unless such person shall also have obtained a licence for selling j^0u°u.[c# beer and ale. beer licence.

CAP.

Preamble.

All alls in force, in as far as they relate to the carrying coastwise, cor to the exportation of the articles herein specified, to be repealed, except so much of9and so'gul. 3. e. 40. as relates to wool iborn,

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III 0.38.*[1788. CAP. XXXVIII

An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parhameus, several laws now in being for preventing the exportation of Sue Jhecp, rams, and lambs, wool, woolfels, mortlings, jborthugs, yam, and worsted, crueh, toverlids9 waddings, and other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made of wool flightly wrongest up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to and muk iefe of as wool again, mattraffes or beds fluffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing, fullers eartb9 fulling clay and tdbaeea pipe clay, from this kingdom, and from the ijles ef Jerky Guera- fey, Alderney, Sai k, and Man, into foreign parts; and fur rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth', intituled, An 2& for the winding of wool.

WHEREAS the several acts of parliament am in forte far preventing and prohibiting the exportation of live jbetp, ram, and lambs wool woolfels9 mortlings9 Jbortlings, yam or wrnfloi made of wool wool flocks, cruels coverlids9 waddings9 or other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made ef wool flighty wrought up, or otherwise put together, Jo as the same may be reduced to and made vfe of as wool again, mattraffes or beds fluffed with combed wool or wool fit for tombing or carding, fullers earth, febag clay, or tobacco pipe clay, from and out of this kingdom, meet thrifts of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into fordgo parts \ and the regulations and reftriciious made and specified m ike said several acts have in many respects been found mjuffhient toaufmr the good purposes intended thereby: and whereas it would tend more effectually to prevent the exportation of the find foverpl articles, if the said acts, or so much thereof as concern the said severed articles, mere repealed; and such and so many of the powers, provisions, regulations, and reflrifiions therein contained, with such amendments and additions as may be expedient and requisite for effecting the abovementioned important purpose, were comprised in one act: may it therefore pkafe your Majesty that it may be enacted? and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritualand temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and singular the several as of parliament now in force, or so much thereof as relate in any manner to the carrying coastwise, or to the said ides, or any of them, or to prevent the exportation of the following articles, goods, or commodities; (that is to say), live (beep, rams, and lambs, woo), woolfels, mortlings, fhortlings, yarn, or worsted made of wool, wool flocks, cruels, coverlids, waddings, or other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made of woo) (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to and made use of as wool again, or mattrafles or beds fluffed with combed wool, or wool tit for combing or carding, or any fuller's earth, fulling clay, or tobacco pipe clay, except so much of an a &. of parliament, passed in the ninth and tenth years of the

n t xcign

*78*3 Anno vicesimo octavo 6eoroii III C 38. 433

reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An hid up within ai far the explanation and better execution of former acts made agoinjl? ies of treptfport alien of wool) fullers earthy and scouring tiny, as relates to^p wool (horn, laid up or lodged within ten miles of the sea fuie, reading wkh trithin the counties of Kent or Sussex, or either of them, or to in 15 miles of any person or persons residing within fifteen miles of the sea in fca*, a the said counties of Kent or Suffix, shall be, and the same are suffext hereby repealed; and that from and after the pafiing hereof, this act, 'and all the powers, provisions and regulations herein contained, refpcdling all or any of the before enumerated articles, goods, or commodities, shall commence, take effet, and be in lorefc, in such (banner as are herein after mentioned.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That If live sheep, if any person or persons whosoever shall, from and after the ie con pa sling of this act, bring, deliver, send, receive, or take, or qat ^ntaiit cause or procure to be brought, delivered, sent, received, 5r or jersey, taken into any ship, vessel, or boat, any rams, sheep, or lambs, thevand the of any sort or description whatsoever, of the breed of the king veffcirc for dom of Great Britain, or of the ides of Jersey, Guernsey, Alder fclted» mqf, Sark, or Man being alive, to be carried and conveyed out of the said kingdom of Great Britain, or any of the said ides, the fold ranis, sheep, or lambs, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, bn board of which the same shall be taken or received, shall become forfeited, and liable to be seized and secured for the benefit of any person or persons seizing the same; and every such per and the person or persons so offending, his, her, and their aiders, abettors, fons assisting procurers, and comsorters, knowing thereof, and who shall be t^c|[cin topat thereof convicted, shall, for every sheep or lamb which shall be j^d brought, delivered, sent, received, or taken, with any such in suffer three tent as aforesaid, into any ship, vessel, or boat, forfeit the sum months im of three pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall also prisonment; suffer solitary imprisonment in the commom gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, shire, or flewartry, tvhetein such offender or offenders shall be refptlively convidfed, for the space of three calender months, without bail or main prize, add until such forfeiture shall be paid, so as the whole of Tuch imprisonment for the nonpayment of such forfeiture shall hot exceed the space of twelve calendar months; and in case of and fora fob any further conviction for or upon a second or other subsequent kquent of offence of the same kind, the person or persons so again offend ing shall, upon every second or other subsequent conviction, for and to suffer feit and pay for every such sheep or lamb the sum of five pounds six months of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall also suffer solitary i^prison imprisonment in the common gaol of house of corrcdtion of the ment* county, riding, division, shire, or (tewartry wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of six calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeitures shall be paid, so as the whole of the imprisonment for the nonpayment of the forfeiture incurred by such second or other subsequent offence shall not exceed the space of ffr/c, f^rc810 (Wo years j all of which laid several forfeitures shall be for the so^ying1^

benefit the lime.

Not to extend to live sheep carried for diet of crew.

If olive wether (beep to be fbipt for diet witbont licence from the port officer of the cnftomi.

Licence to specify the number of (beep which malt be fbipt intheprefeocc of the officer on penalty of forfeiture and nos. for each iieep.

Where there in no officer, the licence to be granted by the officers at the nearest place, CC

Not to extend to vessels bound to or from any place between the mull of Can tyre and tape Wrath;

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38. [ij|

benefit of the person or persons who shall sue for the fastrj vided always, That nothing in this act contained ihaskl wise extend to subjedfany person or persons, or any ship, i or boat, to any of the pains, penalties, or forfeiture!, I contained, for the carrying or conveying away of an sheep, or of the wool growing upon any such wether I be carried alive in any ship, vessel, or boat, out of the I of Great Britain, or out of any of the said ides, for and I the only necessary food and diet of or for the m after at 1 mander, mariners, passengers, or persons therein, and 1 towards no other purpose whatsoever.

III Provided always, and be it further enacted by they rity aforesaid. That no live wether sheep shall be put ore on board any ship, vessel, or boat, for the necegary foodc of the matter or commander, mariners or passengers f until an application shall have been made to the com and collector of the customs of such port or place wh same are intended to be shipped, and a licence obtained I them for the shipping thereof, which licence shall ipedf number of wether sheep (o to be pot on board such ship orf and they shall in no case exceed such number as in the jl ment of the officers granting such licence shall be deeawd^ cient for the use of such master or commander, maria passengers, during the intended voyage of beb ship em according to the distance thereof, nor shall the same bef'but in the pretence of the proper officers appointed tol same, upon pain that the sheep fb put on board shah 1 forfeited to the person or persons seizing the same, and I son or persons shipping or attempting to ship the same t every such offence, forfeit and pay the (um of twenty I for every such sheep, to the person or persons who shall W thereof.

IV Provided always, and be it enacted. That if it I pen that there shall be no comptroller or coue&or of the < at the place where the said live wether (beep are intended! shipped, that then and in every such case such licence 6'obtained from and the shipping of such live wether fbcepf made in the presence of some one or more officer or on his majesty's revenue nearest to such place, and every officer is hereby required to grant such licence and to atfiea and overlook the (hippingof such sheep; anything herdac tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandisg.^

V And whereas there arey within same parts of that part sf' Britain called Scotland, very few officers of his Majifiys te be it therefore enacted. That nothing in this act contained refpsd to any officer being present at the shipping of live*sheep, or the granting a licence for that purpose, shall cite be construed to extend, to the shipping of live wether sheep board any ship, vessel or boat which shall be bound only I from any port or place between the All of Gvttire aodc

7*8.) Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 3$. 435

p^rath % for the necessary food and diet of or for the matter or commander, mariners, passengers, or persons on board such Chips, vessels, or boats, and for and towards no other purpose wbaitsoever,

VI. And whereas, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, estates and farms often conjijl of mainland and small islands within the different firths or Jeas adjacent, on which islands Jbeep are fed and de pmftshred, and which, for that and other purpose j, mu ft necejfarily be removed on board boats or other vefjels from one island to another island % or to the mainland, or therefrom to the said islands; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this a, or anything nor to the herein contained, shall not extend to prevent or hinder any land ^**7

holder, proprietor, or tenant of such estate or estates, or farm Mainland to or farms, from moving, transporting, carrying, and cxchang islands wit hi vng from the mainland to any island or islands in the firths or the firth of seas adjacent, or from any such island to another such island, or sc.otiand, from thence to the mainland, on board boats or other vessels,onc([ftofa any live, (beep or lambs, as occafton may be or require. both.

VII Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted,

That it shall not be lawful to or for any such landholder, pro Proprietor, prictor, or tenant of such aforesaid estate or estates, farm or ct rucl? farms, to remove, transport, carry, or exchange, any such live £not°to« sheep or lambs as aforesaid, until he, (he, or they shall have port sheep to entered into a bond, to the use of the King's majesty, his heirs foreign part, and futceflors, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, that such an? to obtain landholder, proprietor, or tenant, will not export, or knowingly for

permit to be exported, to foreign parts, any live sheep, lambs, therat**woo!, woolfels, mortlings, or fhortlings, to him, her, or them belonging, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof; and Hull have delivered such bond to one of his majesty's justices of the peace, officer of the customs, or officer of excise, nearest to the residence of such landholder, proprietor, or tenant; and also until he, (he, or they shall have obtained a licence for the moving, transporting, carrying, or exchanging any such live sheep or iambs as aforesaid, from such aforesaid justice of the peace, or officer, under his hand and Teal; and which such aforesaid' justice and officer are hereby required to grant upon .receiving such bond, or at any time thereafter.

VIII And be it further enacted, That every such licence Licence to shall express and contain the name and residence of the person contain the and persons to whom the same shall be granted, and the names onto*and situations of the islands to and from which any such live whomgrant sheep or lambs shall and may be thereby moved, transported, ed, etc. and to carried, or exchanged; and every such licence shall continue in continue in force until a forfeiture shall be made of the last aforesaid bond; be flr which said bond, and a copy of every such licence, shall be fenr, fejted. by thejustice or officer who shall take or grant the same, within Bondandcopy one month next after the receiving of such bond or granting such of licence to licence respectively, to the commissioners of his Majesty's cuf he sent to the terns in Edinburgh.*ofzcu'e

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Edinburgh.

That

436 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 39. [ 17sc

Persons con That all and every person and persons who shall, from ars veying wool, after the passing of this act, directly or indirectly carry, exports greatbrttain, transport, or otherwise convey, or cause or procure to be carrier or Jersey, etc! exported, transported, or otherwise conveyed, out of the kin owners, etc. dom of Great Britain, or out of or from the said ides of j&fw of ships, carts, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and or out of or from any if orrevenue* them, into any parts or places out of the kingdom or ides afefy officers, ex said, any wool whatsoever of the growth of the kingdom or m porting, or af the isles a fore said, or any woolfels, mortlings, fhortlings, yam sitting in the or worsted made of wool, woolflocks, cruels, coverlids, wad fce«, w«s, dings, or other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made etc. liable to of wool dightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so a tfcr penalties. same may be reduced to and made use of as wool again, or mat trades or beds (luffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing or carding, or any fullers earth, fulling clay, or tobacco pipe clay, and also all and every owner and owners of any ship or other vedel, and all and every owner and owners of every horse or other bead of burden, wagon, cart, or carriage, upo*

- which any sheep, wool, or other articles before enumerated

and hereby prohibited from exportation, shall be exported transported, carried or conveyed, packed or loacted, with an intent to be exported, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, assisting, or contenting thereunto, and also every matter am commander, and mariner of or in such ship or other vessel wherein any such wool or other articles aforesaid, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or loaden or laid on board as aforesaid, with any such intent or purpose as aforesaid, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, aflitting, or confendag thereunto, and also every tactor or servant, or other person whatsoever, and every collector, customer, comptroller, waiter, searcher, surveyor, or other officer or officers whomsoever, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, aflitting, or consenting thereunto, and who shall be thereof convicted, shall Penalties. forfeit and pay for the first offence three Shillings for every pound weight of such wool, or other the aforesaid enumerated articles, which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain in the whole, at the election of the person or persons who shall sue for the same,

# and shall also suffer solitary imprisonment in the common gaol

or house of correction of the county, riding, division, shire, or jstewartry wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of three calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until the penalty in which he, (he, or they shall be convicted shall be paid, so as the whole of such imprisonment for the nonpayment of such penalty shall not exceed the space of twelve calendar months; and in case of a further conviction for or upon a second or other subsequent offence of the same kind, the person or persons so again offending shall, upon every second, or other subsequent conviction, forfeit and pay three Shillings for every pound weight of such wool and other

articles

4j7

V Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 38.

irticles bercin before mentioned, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the sum of fifty pounds of lawful uooey of Great Britain, at the election of the person or persons who (nail sue for the same, and shall also fufifer solitary impri foament in the common gaol or house of correction of the axmty, riding, division, shire, or stewartry, wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of IX calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until the penalty in which be, (he, or they shall be convicted shall be paid, Jo as the whole of such imprisonment for the nonpayment of the penalty which shall be incurred by such second or other fubfequeat offence, shall not exceed the space of two years; all Forfeiture to which said several forfeitures shall be for the benefit of the per P (bn or persons who shall sue for the same; and the said wool, them. g and other the said herein before enumerated articles, which shall Wool, etc. be packed loacted, removed, carried, conveyed, or shipped, conveyedcon wkh intent to export the same, otherwise than under and ac triryt?5hi? cording to the restrictions and regulations, and subject to the ^c|w, ^ctht^ powers and exceptions herein after mentioned and exprelfed, be forfeited, shall, together with the ship, vessel, bottom, or boat, wagon, cart, and other carriage, horses, or other beasts, on or by which any of the said hereby prohibited articles shall happen to be Co loacted, carrying or conveying, shall be liable to be seized, and shall become forfeited for the benefit of the person or persons who shall ieize the same.

X Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That nothing adnottoex iatbis ad contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed tohc

extend, to prohibit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from ^ba^o^pipef any port in this kingdom to any British sugar colony or planta cay to the tion in the West Indies, in any ship or vessel which may lawfully britifocoio trade thither, so long as the exportation thereof shall be allowed n the. by virtue of an act made and passed in the seventeenth year of ihowtd the reign of his present majesty, intituled, An act for repealing by 17 Geo. 3. the eleventh ruli in the book of rates % so far as the same relates to C 43. mating any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and rrijmy and for making the importer of fetch goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof \ and for explaining the said rule with respect to stub allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the exporta lion of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britishb sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, for a limited time which said recited act has been continued by several subsequent acts of parliament.

XI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all If wool, etc. and every owner and owners of wool, or any other the said here intended to in wore enumerated woollen and worsted articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or his, her, or their jng toward agent or agents, who shall at any time hereafter carry, or cause the sea with to be carried, any wool, or any other the said last mentioned out entry articles, to any port or place on the seacoast within the said jl^b^n^kingdom of Great Britain, with an intention to convey the same ^ade, to be to aoy other port or place on the seacoast within the lame king forfeited, etc.

dom,

43?

but not to extend to wool

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38.

dom, from whence the same may be shipped off, of otl transported, conveyed, or carried into foreign parts, shall, first place, cause a due entry to be made of the said wool, other the said last mentioned articles, at the port from the same shall be so intended to be conveyed, containing exact weight, marks, and numbers of the same, before fcfc (he, or they, shall presume to load or carry away any of thefifal wool, or the last mentioned articles, within five miles of mf such port or place on the said seacoasts, from whence the is or are foto be conveyed; and if any wool, or any other Ac said last mentioned articles, shall be carrying towards the fa, ] for the purpose aforesaid, without being first entered in nnumr aforesaid, and without being accompanied with a certificate! such entry, and which the officer with whom such entry (hafffce made is hereby required to give, the woo), and other the aftsc* said articles, so found, and also the horse or horses, or other beast, cart, wagon, or other carriages conveying the (Me, shall be forfeited Tor the benefit of the person or persons who Ad 1'eize thereupon.

XII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That the aforegoing clause is not intended, nor shall be construed to ex carrying from tend, to the hindering any person or persons from carrying fab,

(heanngto°thelcr> or t*lc*r wol from pace &ear*ng the same, on horses, owner's or by carts and wagons, to his, her, or their own dweffing house, though house or houses, or outhouses thereunto belonging, though thfe within 5 miles same be within five miles or less of the sea, so as such person or the quantity pcr^°ns» within ten days after the (hearing of the said wool, and be certified to before he, (he, or they remove or otherwise dispose of thefome^ the officer of or any part thereof, from the place where it was first carried the after (hearing, do under his, her, or their hands, certify to the

temiontore" °cers f customsin the next adjacent port the true quantity move it. of the said wool; (that is to say), of the number of fleeces, and where the same is housed, and that such person or persons do not remove, or otherwise dispose of the said wool to any other place, without first certifying to the officer of such port, under his, her, o t their hands, of his, her, or their intention to remove the same, three days at leaf! before such removal; and the officer and officers in their respective ports, and the limits of such ports, are hereby required to receive and keep Rich certificates, and to make a register of them; but in case any such person or persons shall neglect to make and send such certificate to the officer or officers of the next adjacent port as aforesaid, or shall remove, or otherwise dispose of any of the said wool before such certificate of his, her, or their intention foto be made and delivered as aforesaid, such person or persons shall have no benefit by this proviso, but be liable to the penalties ex pressed in the foregoing clause.

XIII Provided always, and be it further enafied, That if such next adjacent port shall happen to be at a greater diftaoce certificates to than ve mes fro the dwelling house or houses of such afore b«r given to*said person or persons, that then and in every such case every justice, etc. such

^

Officer to register such certificates.

If there be no port within five miles.

X 788.] Anno vicesimo odaro georgii III C 38. 439

filth aforesaid entry, notice, or certificate, shall and may be mamitc or given to any one of his majesty's justices of the peace, ear muay officer of his majesty's revenue, nearest to the dwelling or houses of such person or persons; anything herein con laissed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case 02*nt*ty of any Ihtep shall be (horn between the first day of March and the cp flierri first of July in each year, for the sole purpose of sending them for market to.market, and in case the owner or owners of such sheep shall between not remove or otherwise disposeof the wool or fleeces, which March i.and shall be (horn from such sheep, from the places where the same jo/be'certifi twe first carried after (hearing, without first certifying in three ed tju after days in manner aforesaid, it shall not be necessary for such owner the general or owners to certify the true quantity of the said wool and num flaring, if ber of such fleeces, and where the lame are housed, until such ^ou$y8 owner or owners shall certify in manner before mentioned the notice of the quantity of the wool and number of the fleeces (horn from the removal be whole of the flock or flocks belonging to such owner or owners, certified as after the general (hearing for that season of the said flock or flocks. aforcfald

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons. Qualified per authorised and qualified as herein after is mentioned, to seize, \hrir own take, and challenge, to and for his and their own use and use, wool, C benefit, all such wool, woolfek, mortlings, (hortlings, and other found near the said woollen and worded articles, fullers earth, fulling clay, lea or and tobacco pipe clay, which he or they shall happen to see, rwer^ fth C know, or discover, to be brought, carried, or laid oq (bore, at an intent to or near the sea, or any navigable river, to the intent or purpose be exported, to be exported or conveyed out of the said kingdom of Great Britainr or out of the ides aforesaid, or any of them, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and the offender or Penalty on the offenders therein shall be subject and liable to the like forfeiture, orders, pains and penalties as persons by this act are subject unto for exporting, transpojting, or shipping: of wool, or other the commodities aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof.

XVI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Wool for the shall and may be lawful to export and transport the several etc.°mavbc* quantities of wool herein after mentioned out of or from the port cxportedtroiri of Southampton only, unto the ides of Jerfejy Guernsey, Alderney Southampton or Sariy by or for the only use or behoof of any of the inhabi uncjer the re tants of the said ides, or fomc oroncof them, but under and subject herein°con to the regulations in this act contained, respecting the removal tained.

and shipping of wool, and so as such wool fbali be shipped or laden on board some ship or vessel then the property of some person or persons refuting within one of the said ides of jersey,

Guernfejy Alderney, or Sarky and so as such person and persons as shall so ship or put on board such wool aforesaid in any such ship or other vessel, do, before the shipping or'putting on board such wool, deliver unto the collector, customer, comptroller, surveyor, or feardier of the port of Southampton aforesaid, (out

Vox.. XXXVI G g of

of which the same wool is to be exported), a writing under hand and seal of the governor of the said isle of Jersey or of 1 deputy or deputies, as to the wool which is to be exported! to the said island; and under the seal of the said governor Guernsey* or of his deputy or deputies, as to the wool whkfeii' to be expqrted to, the said ides of Guernsey* Alderney and Ssrb* or any of them; iirwhich writing it shall be expressed that d party named therein is authorised and appointed to export! cause to be exported out of the port aforesaid so much wool, e pressing the number of tods, to the same isles, or fovne or^ooe of them, to be used and manufactured in one of the same ite, or in some of the members or parts of the same, and that fadk party, so authorised and appointed to export or cause to be«x* ported such wool, hath, before the making and sealing of ifee said writing, entered into sufficient bond to his majesty's ufcfor the landing of the said wool in manner aforesaid.

Quantity that XVII And, to the intent that the quantity of wool to be exported ported annu out f f0*1 f Southampton aforesaid into the said isles or either ally to Jersey, f them in any one year account mg the year to begin from the flrfl etc. day of January now last pajl % andfo from the first day of January in

every succeeding year may not exceed the quantity hereunder specified

(ithat is to say unto the isle of Jersey four thousand tods aid m more of uncombed wool; and unto the isle c/ Guernsey two tbottfend tods and no more of uncombed wool; and unto the isle of Alderney four hundred tods of uncombed wool and no tnore\ and unto the isle if Sark two hundred tods of uncombed wool and no more each tod wet exceeding thirty-two pounds in weight; be it further enabled by the Governor of authority aforesaid, That the governor of the said Hie of Jersey Jcriev, etc. or xs deputy, for whom he mall answer, shall not make to aay Life tb/ex °* person or persons any writing or writings, such as is above fpe portatfon of Cified, to authorise and appoint such person or persons as afore more than the said to fetch, export, or transport, out of the port of Southamptm quantity fpe aforesaid unto the said isle of Jersey in any one year, account un<x ' ing the year from the said first day of January any greater quad

tity of woouhan four thousand tods; and that the governor of the said isle of Guernsey* or his deputy, for whom he shall answer, shall not make to any person or persons any writing or writion, such as is above fpecihed, to authorise and appoint such perm or persons as aforesaid to fetch, export, or transport out of the port above specified, unto the said isles of Guernsey* Alderney and Sark in any one year, acounting the year from the first day of January as aforesaid, any greater quantity of wool than two thousand tods for Guernsey four hundred tods for Alderney and cust^mer of two hundred tods for Sark and that the customer of the port Southampton C Southampton aforesaid shall keep a true account of ali the said obced*and Iluant, iy f wo him permitted to be laden by this act, forfeit 5©ot. an shall not permit any greater quantity of wool to be laden it he permit a than by this act is prescribed, in any one year, to any of the said larger than islands re(pedfively, under any pretence whatsoever, upon the quatititytobe oath forfeiture of his place, and of the sum of five hua

jaden. 7 dred pounds in money, one moiety whereof to the King'* mij

Anno Vicelimb o£uvo gfeorgii IIL C j8. 44*

jesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to him bjr

them that will sue for the same in any court of record, wherein

00 effoin, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance,

shall be allowed: and if any of the governors of the Vathorrf

feid isles, their or either of their deputy or deputies, shall give, fng'a )arg<r

grant, or make any licence or licences for exporting from South quantity to be

amp tonne aforesaid into the said ides respechvely any greater quan exported, to

tity of such wool than is before, by the true meaning of this ac

and appointed in that behalf; that then the respecuve pcr

governor or governors of such of the said ides shall forfeit and

pay to the king's majesty, his heirs or successors, the sum of

twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every tod of

wool which shall be so licensed to be exported, over and above

the rate or proportion of wool in and by this ct, or the true

meaning thereof, limited or appointed, one moiety whereof shall

be paid to the king's majesty, his heirs or successors, and tyre

other moiety thereof to him or them that will sue for the same

in any court of record, wherein no effoin, protection, or Wager

of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1* j? hp patd That the respective governors aforesaid, or their respective d

puties, or any of their clerks, officers, or servants, for the granting, making, signing, or sealing of every such writing of licence before directed, and for the entering rremembrance ojf the same into some book which they shall have and keep for that purpose, shall h4ve and take the (urii of one (hillirig, and rtd more.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That wool, or any of the herein before enumerated woollen No wool, etc. orworsted articles, fullers earth, fulling clay, or tobicco pipe day, shall, on any pretence whatever, be put on board any ship belonging to or orher vessel, hulk, or boar, whereof any alien born, or natural born whereof any naturauboru subject, not inhabiting within the subjech reti kingdom of Great Britain, shall be owner or part owner; and br|\a\n^rcat every such ship or vessel, hulk, or boat; whereirt any (belt wool, r 1*or other articles herein before enumerated, shall be shipped, put, or laid on board, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forfeited to and for the use df the person and^ % persons seizing the same: provided always, That this act (h&ll foumb fleins not extend to any lamb skins ready dressed and prepared, fit attd drfcflvdforfur useful for fur or linings. or linings.

XX And whereas by the said at of the ninth and tenth years of Recital of part the reign oj his late majesty King William the Thirds it is enabled9and 10 Jhat no person or persons reftding within fifteen miles of the sea, in Gu C the counties of Kent and Sussex, stall prejunto to buy any wool before they enter into bond to the kings majesty, his heirs or fuuejfors, with sureties, that all the wool they buy shall not be sold by them to any person or ptrfons within fifteen mites of the sea; and in case any wbol be found tqrr 'red tbwatds the seaside in the counties aforesaid, such wool be first entered and security. given, the same Shalt be forfeited, and the person or persons offending therein Shall also forfeit

Ggz thru

M

44* Anno Ticcsimo octavo Georgii III C 38. [1788.

three Ihillings for every pound weight of ail such wool; and that m wool removed from the place id here it was first boufed % lodged, or laid after hearings within ten miles of the seaside, in Kent or Safest Shall be lodged after the first removing within fifteen milts of tbtjm, in the said counties, upon pain of forfeiting alljuch wool if found kit if carried away, then every person or persons who were the owners of the said wool to forfeit, for every pound weight, the fium of three JUS lings: and whereas buyers and manufacturers of wool residing within fifteen miles of the sea, in the said counties of Kent and Suflbr, who pur chase quantities of wool, are often obliged to Jell again the whole, V or some part of the wool which they have pur chased, and which tiny, by the said act, are prevented from selling to any person or perfims in the find counties within fifteen miles of the sea, which is attended wish'great hardship to the said buyers and manufacturers of wool - for the

Wool may be remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, vdtffin C romane ater 1 ie pan f Ms a<^5shall an may be lawful milesot the fr any buyer or manufacturer of wool within the said counties lea in Kent of Kent and Sussex, residing within fifteen miles of the sea, hax and Sussex, ing given such bond, with sureties, as is before mentioned, »wartievhave any wo to an kuyer or nianufaislurer of wool within the gtven thevc kid counties, who has also given such bond, with sureties, as is bond rea lore said, and to remove and lodge the same at the warehouse or quired, etc. other place belonging to the person or persons to whom the same 1 shall be sold, and who has entered into such bond, with sureties, as is aforesaid, as often as shall be thought necessary, although the person or persons purchasing the fameshall live within fifteen miles of the sea, such wool being removed, and such person or persons giving such notice of the lodging and houfin^ thereof, as is required by the said act of the ninth and tenth years of C reign of his late majesty King william the Third.

XXI Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited act contained shall extend, or be conftraed to extend, to prevent or hinder any wool shorn, or housed, laid up or lodged within ten miles of the seaside, within the counties of Kent and Sussex, or either of them, from being removed or carried to any town, field, or place, where a regular and cflablifh ed fair shall be held for the Tale of wool; and in case the same shall not be sold or disposed of at such fair, 'to bring back such wool to the house or place from whence the same had been taken: provided that, previous to the retpoval of such wool, a permit be taken out containing the quantity of the wool to be removed, and to continue in torce for and during such time as may be necessary for the removal of the same to the fair as aforesaid, and the returning thereof to the house or place from whence the same had been taken, in case the same shall not be sold or disposed of at such fair, and the proper officers are hereby required to grant all such permits upon application to them made for that purpose Permits for from the grower of the wool.

wool so sold XXII And be it further enacted. That every permit shall to be pro accompany the wool for the removal of which the same shall

officer tete ave een grantet*5 and all, in case of such wool being foldor

0 1 disposed

Wool (horn or housed within 10 miles of the sea in Kent and Sussex may be carried to fairs for sale, etc, on permit.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38. 443

disposed of at the fair whereto the same shall be carried, be pro by the purchaser or purchasers thereof to the proper officer*of officers, who shall then grant to such purchaser or purchasers another permit, or other permits, for the taking such wool faom such fair, and which permit or permits shall specify the mnntity of wool to be moved, and the time during which it uaau be to continue in force.

XXIIL And be it further enacted, That in case of the return Wool re*urn* of any such wool unfold to the house or place from whence the f^m^ra to same shall have been faken, the same shall become subject and be subject to liable to the same rules, restrictions, and laws, as it would have the same rules been, in case the same had never been moved, or taken to any a8 before fair as aforesaid. rem<mk

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afore said. That if any person or persons whosoever shall counterfeit, coun"

erase, or in anywise alter any certificate or acknowledgement in certificate the said recited act mentioned, or any licence, certificate, or in etc. to forfeit ftrument hereby directed to be made or given, of shall cause or 20i. procure the same or either of them to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in any respect, or shall knowingly make ule of any counterfeited or altered licence, certificate, or acknowledgement, he, (he, or they so offending shall forfeit and pay the fuoi of twenty pounds for every such offence to any person or persons who shall sue for the same.

XXV And be it further enacted. That no wool, or any Wool, etc. other the aforesaid woollen or worsted articles, and which are

hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be removed or car fctt7ngand*ried towards the sea, within five miles of the seacoast ofany part fun riling, of, the kingdom of Great Britain, upon any pretence whatever, within five between fun setting and fun rising, upon pain of the same being forfeited, together with the horses, wagon, cart, or carriage, forfciteu etc. in and by which such wool, and other the said woollen and worsted articles, shall be so conveying, for the benefit of the person or persons seizing the lame; and the driver or drivers of^every such wagon, cart, or carriage, knowing thereof, and being thereof convicted, shall be committed to the house of correction for the space of one month, there to remain without bail or mainprize.

XXVI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That but not to nothing in the last aforesaid dause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any farmer or grower ^nd°carried of wool from removing or carrying, at any time after fun setting, after fun such wool as shall have been (horn that day, from the place or setting, the places of (hearing the same to the dwelling house or storehouse

of such farmer orgtower, although such removal shall be houses! towards the sea, and within five miles of the coast thereof.

XXVII Rrovided always, and be it enabled, That nothing Worfredyarn, herein contained shall prevent or hinder any person or persons not exceeding

' from carrying and conveying, at any time, any parcels of wool len or worsted yarn twisted, of two or more threads, and manu inay^carmd factored and prepared for knitting, so as each parcel be bona side toretaillhopi,

G g 3 directed etc.

wool, etc. is to be packed.

Penalty for drgloft.

directed to, and carrying for and to the reftdence or (hop of same retailer or retailers of such woollen or worsted yarn, and fa ar there be not more than fourteen pounds weight directed to and carrying for any one person at the same time, and fa as fucti parcel be marked according to the directions of the act or acts of parliament requiring the marking thereof.

XXVIII And be it farther enacted' by the authority afortr said, tthat no wool, woolfels, mortlings, fhortlings, wool flocks, worked bay, or woollen yarn, shall be packed up in any other package otherwise than packs or trustes of leather or caw' vafs, commonly called pack clothes, or in linen or woollen; and that all such padks or trusses of leather, canvas, linen, or woollen, shall be stamped or marked on the outside thereof with the word jvooly in large characters, not less than three inches in length, on forfeiture of all such wool, or other the aforefetf articles, to the person or persons seizing the same, and also upon forfeiture, by the person or persons to whom such wool or other aforesaid articles shall belortgiofany fumor sums of money, not exceeding one shilling for emy 'pound weight of such wool, or other the aforesaid articles so seized, to the person or persons seizing the same, as (lie court or justices before whom such woo), of other the aforesaid articles, shall be condemned, shall direst:

w°hlfd ?ld prove always. That nothing herein contained shall extend to maybe pace prevent any person from packing or putting any worded or woollen yarn in paper, so that such paper is fairly directed to the person or persons to whom the same Is intended to be sent, and the word Worsted or Yarn, as the case may be, wrote or marked thereon, in letters not less than one inch in length, and that the quantity in any one such paper contained do no exceed fourteen pounds in weight.

XXIX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the justices before whom any complaint or information respect itjg the word Wool not being stamped or marked on the outside

packagr7tobe of the park age of such last enumerated articles, according tole returned, but directions or this act, shall be made, shall and may, and they not to mid are hereby empowered, if they shall so think fit, tp order and direst the wool, and other the said herein before enumerated articles which shall have beenfeifeed, to be returned toanddelive/pd up to the owner or owners thereof; but that in every such case the forfeiture or penalty incurred Jay such offence shall not be mitigated or reduced below sixpence for every pound weight of such wool, or articles so seized.

h XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Wool, CC not r a anc every person and persons who shall pack any wool, packed ac*tih r the aforesaid woollen or worsted articles, in any box, afttosfar 1 bvryjl case, cliest, or any other package, otherwise than

feiicd. and js. acjordrte to the directions herein before contained, or who shall for every lb. pre .toge^er, orcause or procure to be pressed together, with any fcyjws£. vnreffes, or other engine, any wool whatsoever, or any yarn miflfe of wool, or other the woollen or worsted articles by this act prpjui'ited from being expqrfcd, Into any pack, truss

( U. or

in paper, if marked, etc.

Justice may. order wool, etc. undamped on the

Southeast the pe iy below per lb.

weight.;

t ?89.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 3?. 445

of other wrapper, or put, press, pack, or (lean the same, or cane to be put, pressed, paeked, or (leaned, into any burr, pipe, hog (head, chert, or other cask or vessel, upon any pretence whatsoever, shall forfeit all such wool, or other aforesaid woollen or worded articles, with the package thereof, and three (hiuings for every pound weight of wool, or other such woollen or worded articles, so put, pressed, paeked, or (leaned, the whole of which penalties shall go and be paid, by the owner or packer of such wool, or other the aforesaid woollen or worded articles, to the person or persons who shall seize the same, or foe for such forfeiture.

XXXI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons (halt press together, or cause or Persons pack procure to be pressed together, with any ferews, presses, or »ng wool, etc. other etigine, any wool, or other the woollen or worded articles hereby prohibited from being exported, into any truss, sack, pack, bag, or other wrapper, or shall put, press, pack, or dean m, to be liable the same, or cause or procure to be put, pressed, paeked, or to the same rteaned into any butt, pipe, hogshead, chert, or any other cask penalties a or vcuel, upon any pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true in cr8° tent and meaning of this act, every person or persons so offending, and all person and persons aiding and a flirting in such paeking, shall, over and above the penalties and forfeitures before mentioned, be subject and liable to the same pains and penalties as are herein before directed to be inflicted upon exporters of wool; and the court and jurtices by and before whom such person or persons thall be tried and convicted, shall and hereby have power and authority to punish every such offender accordingly: provided always. That in case any person or persons who may perfvuvs assist have assisted in such illegal package shall, before hit, her, or inginfuchil their being apprehended for the same, appear before any of his ]e] package, Majesty's jurtices of the peace, and then and there make a true ^imn onhc discovery of the master packer, and other the persons concerned matter packer, in such illegal package, so that he, (be, or they may be prose etc.; ormaster cuted toconviction, then the person or persons giving such in packer, etc. formation shall not be liabloto the pains and penalties aforesaid, tjj^yinputy and, on the conviction of such offender or offenders, shall be era, to be erf entitled to the wool, or. other the woollen or worded articles titled ta the so packed: provided always. That in case the master packer, or wool, any person or persons assisting in such package, shall, before any information shall be taken against him, her, or them therein, discover to any justice of the peace the name or names of the person or persons by whom he, (he, or they was or were employed to pack or press tthe same, so that suchperson or persons, by whom he, (he, or they, was or were employed, may be prosecuted to conviflion for the same, then fuclv master packer, or the peifon or persons who shall give such information, (hajv not be liable to the pains*and penalties aforesaid, and (halt be entitled to the wool, or other the woollen or worded articles so font to be paeked, and the person or persons diredling*. such wool, and the!em or qth^r the aforesaid woollen or worsted article, foto be*pack ployers to be

g24 iia>ie tother

0 T penalties on

44 6

exporters of woqi.

Wharfingers to enter into bond not illegally to ship wool, and

to' keep an account of wool, etc.

Penalty on re fusing to giyi bond, or to keep an account of wool, etc.

ir for suffer. jng it to be illegally shipped.

Anno vicefioio octavo Georgii III C 3*.

CD shall, on conviduon for the same, be liable to and I fer the pains and penalties herein before directed to bej on exporters of wool.

XXXII And whereas great quantities of wool are fn ing at the public wharves in different parts of Great Brn wool being under no control of the commfftoners of the their officers, evil disposed personi may in the night time put on board vejftls ready for feeding to foreign parts j and edfo 4 taftsy where wool is regularly entered to be put on beard viffil coajlwaysy it is easy to put on board such vffels in the \?sgbti larger number of packs of wool than have been duly enim that purposey and which, by being concealed under such packs i been duly entered, cannot easily be discoveredf and which after the said ship has proceeded someway on her intended 1 put on board other vessels bound to foreign parts: for remedy f of, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That everyt and persons who shall keep any wharf for the reception < in or at any port in Great Britain shall, within six mot the passing of this act, and every person and persons < hereafter keep any such wharf shall within one month 1 he, (he, or they shall begin to keep the same, enter intoi to the use of the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, i penalty of two hundred pounds, and which shall be dp with the commissioners of his majesty's customs at the j f oniony that no part of the wool which shall be lodged! posited with him, her, or them, shall, with his, her, privity or cpnsent, be illegally put on board any Chip car 1 and such wharfinger shall also keep a regular emry and 1 of the quantity of bags or clothes of wool by them received! livered, the time when, and the names and refidcncc oft fons from whom such wool was so received, and to wh wool was so delivered, with the marks and numbers 1 sheets, and weight of such wool, a copy of which be by him, her, or them delivered to the principal the custotps at 'he port at which such wharfinger (I at the end of every six moqths, and oftener if the same (

- required by such officer: and if any wharfinger shall refuki ter into such bond as aforesaid, within the said respective.l he, (he, or they so refuting, shall forfeit and pay the fumf hundred pounds to the person or persons who shall (ucf same; and in case such wharfinger shall refuse to keeps liver such account, or shall be convicted of keeping or < ing a false account, pvery such wharfinger shall, for every! offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be j the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and m if such wharfinger shall at any time knowingly permit any such wool to be put on board any ship or vessel, oth that) according to the directions in this at contained, then I wharfinger, and also all and every person and persons wh»4 be aiding and affiftipg therein, shall on convicfton be fufc$ed«i fiable to the pains and penalties herein before enatfed \

shall i

: ed by

788.} Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38. 447

tie exporters of woo); and any person giving information, so Informers to is abate such wharfinger, person and persons, or any of them, I entitled to nay be conviaed, every such informer shall be entitled to the 40*um of forty pounds, which sum shall be paid to such informer y the commissioners of his majesty's customs immediately after uctx ccraviaion.

JCXX1IU And be it further enacted, That every person and Wharfingers persons keeping a wharf at which any wool shall be lodged or re to giictant ceiled shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, r officer within seven days next after he, (he, or they shall receive any of the quan wool at such wharf by land carriage, or by inland navigation, tityofwool to transmit or deliver a note in writing, signed by the owner of received, on such wharf, or his, her, or their agent, which (nail certify and pena tyofl° acknowledge the quantity of wool so received, and the number of fiieets in which the (amt is contained, to the customer or comptroller at the port at which such wharf shall be kept, in case there shall hpppen to be at such port or place any such officer, and, for want thereof, to such other officer of the customs.(if any) as shall happen to be stationed at such port or place, upon pain of forfeiting, for every neglea, the sum of ten pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXIV Andy the better to prevent any fraudulent exportation of wool) woolfehy mortlingsy shortlingsy combed wool woolflocks, or waolien bay yam, worjled yarn, cruelty or wool Jlightly manufactured, end which are hereby prohibited from being exported, under the pretence of carrying the same coastwise in the kingdom of Great Britain 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wool, Regulations or any other the last before enumerated articles, and which are^or^'pping hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be pu on board carried any ship, vessel, or boat, to be carried coastwise, or from one coastwise port in Great Britain to another, unless notice be first given to the commissioners or chief managers of the customs, or to the customer, or colleaor and comptroller of the customs at the port. from which the same is intended to be sent, of the quantity, quality, and package, together with the marks, numbers, and weight thereof, with the name of the ship, and master or commander, on board of which the said goods are to be laden, together with the name or names of the owner or owners of the said goods, and the place of his or their abode or habitation, and the place and port at which the same are intended to be landed, and the names of the person or persons to whom the same are consigned; also unless a bond be first entered into to the use of the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, by two good and sufficient persons, in treble the value of the said goods so intended to be carried coastwise, that the same (bill (the danger of the seas excepted) be landed accordingly, which said bond shall be executed by the owner of owners of the said goods, or some person or persons by him, her, or them appointed to execute the same, and which execution shall be deemed to be the a A of such owner or owners, or (hipper or (hippers thereof; which id (hipper or (hippers, if aaing as agent, or having sold such

goods j

448 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38. [17mj

goods to any person or persons, (hau and may sue for and 1*4 cover, of and from the proprietor or proprietors of the goo

so shipped, all such sum and sums of money as such (Upper Ihippers shall or may pay, expend, or be put unto withouttheifl wilful default or negligence, for or by reason of his, her, ft their entering into such bond or bonds; and in case anyfeckj bond or bonds shall be so entered into for any wool, or any other the lad herein before enumerated articles, being the property different persons, then such owner or owners, or person or pen fons for whpfe account such bond was so entered into, flkad W accountable for his, her, or their share of the money so expend ed, in proportion to the amount of such goods so shipped; aol also unless a licence be first taken out under the hands of (he commidioners or chief managers of thecustoms for the timefac ing, or any three of them, or from the customer, or collector and comptroller of the customs where any such bond is gjwa, for the lacting, carrying, and landing thereof as aforesaid, which licence they are hereby required to grant without any fee or reward, or any other charge, to the person. demanding the same, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary in anywise notwitfc* If wool, etc. (landing; and if any wool, or other of the said last mentioned b?not shipped goods shall be earned or laden on board any ship, vessel, bar coaftwtfe lom» or k°ar' n order to be carried coastwise, or from one port to according to another, before such bond shall be enteredinto, and such licence this act, to taken out as aforesaid, and before all the directions in this act t ./orfeited made to prevent the exportation thereof ihail be fully and duly CTC " complied with, then all such wool, and other such last oienoon* CD articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with (ho ship, veffd, bottom, or boat, in which such goods shall be so laden or put on board, and all the guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, of or belonging to such ship, veflej, bottom, or boat, for the benefit of the person or persons first informing thereof.

XXXV And whereas in that part (/'great Britain tailed Scotland, there are a great many lochs or inlets of the seato and open which it may be unavoidably tiecejfary to carry wool, and other the soil enumerated articles, from one part of the coajl of such lochs or inlets te another part of the coajls of the same lochs or inlets, respectivtlj, «board boats or others vessels; and that there are also, adjacent tube coajls of Scotland, a great many islands from whence tvool, the produce of the said islands, mufl neccjfarily be brought to the moin'mitf Scotland, or be carried from such mainland to the said islands, bykoti Wool, etc. or other vessels; be it therefore enacted, That the carrying, hip waybeearned ping, or landing of wool, and other the said enumerated article, 3 10ntent or purposes aforesaid, only to or in such lochs or the lochs or inlets, or from such islands to the mainland of Scotland, or from fro.oifunjfcto.such mainland to such islands. not be deemed or taken to the mainland, carrying, shipping, or landing of wool, or other the said in bco. an, arl; cies> for the purpose of carrying the same coastwise; nor shall the carrying, (hippipg, or landing of such wool, or other the

said

449

788.3 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38.

id herein before enumerated articles, to or in such lochs or ftete, or from such Ulands to the mainland of Scotland, or from eh mainland to such islands, for such intent or purposes as brefaid only, be subject or liable to the restrictions or regula ons herein contained, respecting the carrying, shipping, anti ndtng of wool, and other the said articles intended to be cared eoaftwife, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof 1 any wise notwithstanding: provided nevertheless, that nothing but not to sin, eran contained shall authorise the carrying such wool, or any (her the said articles, to open sea, save as aforesaid, but under tjonsotthis ich restrictions and regulations as are herein for that purpose aft. mentioned and expreflfed.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afore lids 'That when any wool, woolfels, mortlings, (hording, Customer at ombed wool, ytoolflocks, woollen or bay yarn, worsted yarn, the port ot ruels, or wool (lightly manufactured, shall be shipped to be pro

anried coastwise under the authority of this act, the customer, per notice to n collector and comptroller of his majesty's customs at the port the officer at from whence such goods shall have been shipped, shall, imme the port for diately on the clearance of such ship at such port, transmit a no ^ctahffiipped# rice in writing, felting forth the quantity, quality, and package to forfeit lol! of such wool, or other the said last mentioned articles, together with the marks and numbers thereof, with the name of the ship m which the same shall be shipped, and of the matter or commander thereof, to the customer or collector and comptroller of the bort to which such wool, and other the said last mentioned artides, are intended to be conveyed, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be paid by the officer neglecting to transmit such notice, which said penalty shall be paid to the person who shall.

inform agatnft such officer; and that the bonds herein before onffifpoing' directed to be entered into on the shipping of the said wool, and wool, C to other the said last mentioned articles, shall not be dischargqd until be discharged a certificate, under the hand and seal of the customer, or collector by a ccrtifi and comptroller of the port or place in Great Britain where the ^ffice^r at\he same were landed, expressing the quantity, quality, and pack port of land age, marks, numbers, name of the ship and matter, out pflng; which such wool, and other the said last mentioned articles, were fended, shall be produced to and left with the person or persons in whose polteflion such bond shall be kept, at the customhouse of the port from whence the said wool, and other the said last mentioned articles, were shipped, ind which certificate the said which he is to customer, or colletftor and comptroller of the said port at which office^at the such wool, and other the said last mentioned articles, shall be port of hip landed, is hereby requirod to transmit to the customer, collector, ping within 7 and comptroller at the port from whence the same were shipped, X °? within the space of seven days next after the landing thereof, nd ty 0 IO*under the penalty of ten pounds, to be paid by the officer neglecting to transmit such certificate to the person or persons who shall inform against such officer; and the said customer, or col Certificate of ledlor and comptroller at the port at which such wool, or other the said last mentioned articles, shall be landed, shall also grant rerofthevef

and fel,

45°

Notice of wool not landed in a reasonable time to be sent to the officer at the port of hip ptng, wty> to inquire how it has

Anno vicesimo octavo Gkoroii IIL' a 38. [stand

deliver another certificate of such landing to the commanders of the ship or vessel from which the same fealf|| Bonds notdif landed, without fee or reward, when the same shall be reqimm charged in six e(j and that all such bonds as shall remain undischarged by Ml sent tole* certi<icate fr Pace f calendar months, shall be tomj^l commission mitted to the commissioners of the customs at £*»/**, who ersofeuftoros. hereby required to put them in suit immediately; and

wool, or other the said articles mentioned in such notices, - not be landed at the port to which the same were consigned in a reasonable time for that purpose, then the customer, C ledtor and comptroller at the port to which the same wt censed to be sent, shall transmit a notice thereof to the custdtgfifc or collector and comptroller at the port from whence stich wtiw or other articles were shipped, in order that proper inquiry ngjht be immediately made in what manner the same have bem posed of or delivered, and which inquiry the said customer^disposed collector and comptrqller, is and are hereby required Co of. without delay.

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority Wool, etc. said, That no wool or any other the said hereinbefore ec ^ptt"rparts rated woollen or worsted articles, fullers earth, fulling clay, fra°tobe for ^bacco pipe clay, shall be put on board any ship, vessel, or b feited, and the bound to parts beyond the season any pretence whadootcr, vessela. der the penalty of forteiture, for the benefit of the person or Tonnes who shall inform thereof, of all such goods, and al such ship, vessel, bottom, or boat, on which such goods be so laden or put on board, and all the guns, ammunttkflb tackle, apparel, and furniture belonging to such ship, vessel Matters to be bottom, or boat, and moreover the master or commander of fiscal fubjra to the ftjjp or vessel, bottom, or boat, shall in such case be deemed A ccpt they dif exporter thereof, and shall be iubjedt and liable to the paiotattfl.

penalties in such case made and provided, unless such master or commander shall and do, immediately upon his being appro hended, discover and make known the person or perfboa who actually shipped such goods, and enter into a recognisance witk two sufficient sureties, before some justice of the peace for the county, city, borough, or place, in or at which suchlaft mentioned goods shall be discovered, to prosecute and give evidence against such (hipper, so that he may be convicted thereof.

XXX VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That urr? "clear noth'ns n t^lc a^ove exception contained shall extend to the ed ou^to so matters or commanders of ships or vessels not regularly deared reign Darts, out to, foreign parts, but that if any wool or other the said Ia

as well as all mentioned goods, shall be discovered on board any such fhipor

rin pdivy vefre1' and whcrc

no such clearance can be exhibited, then and trauatf inn m ^uctl ca^e rie maeror commander of such ship or vessel ftudl to be liable'to be deemed the (hipper of such goods, and such master or com the same mander, and also all and every person and persons on board any

penalties as fuc|1 or vessel, knowing of any such illicit transadiion, Thall

be liable tct the pains and penalties herein before enabled against the exporters of wool: provided also, That in calc any person

or

cept they cover the (bippers.

Matters of

exporters of wool.

s

Anno vktsimo octavo Georgii III C 38* 451

flk on board any ship not regularly cleared out to foreign ^hker than the master or commander thereof, shall, im mfen his or their being apprehended, give information, Informers to srmptfe master or commander may be convicted, or the ship be iatitled to i^epftndemned, every such person and persons so informing Pi

Mbe liable to any pains or .penalties to which he or they -jpfcerwife be liable, and shall also be entitled to a reward ^ft^bends, which reward shall be paid to such informer or the commissioners of his majesty's customs imme after such convicuon.

XIX Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Matter of vef g in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to tels or driver to prevent evidence from being received, in any suit or hearts, etc. nation brought for the forfeiture of any vessel bound epaft fm Smiilh -- or to foreign parts, which shall have been regularly clear ment, if it is 't, and also the guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and proved from jre thereto belonging, for or on account of any wool, or thefmallnck her the said herein before enumerated articles, and which thither reby prohibited from being exported, which shall be found were not privy covered on board any such vessel so regularly cleared out, to wool, etc.

the forfeitue of any other ship or vessel, other than such as C in tlkrir xnot have been regularly cleared out, or for the forfeiture of vc C ctc "iggon, cart, carriage, horses, or other bead of burden,

nor whereupon any wool, or any other the said herein e enumerated articles, shall belaid, or which shall be carry

- the same, or in any prosecution which shall be ht against the master or commander of such vessel, owner iver of such wagon, cart, carriage, horse, or other beast rthen, in order to shew, from the smallness of the quantity C said wool, or other the said articles, that the same were: ard such vessel, or within such wagon, cart, or carriage, on such horse or beast of burden, without the knowledge nvity of the owner or of the master or ocher person hav he charge or command of such vessel, or the care of such on, cart, carriage, horse, or other beast of burden, and out any wilful neglect, or want ofreasonable care in thedif , C of the duty of such owner, master, or other person hav ae charge or command of such ship or vessel, or the care of wagon, cart, carriage, horse, or other beast of burden; in every such case where proof shall be made, from the small of the quantity of wool, or other the said articles, and other mstances, that such small quantity was on board such vef or within such wagon, cart, or carriage, or upon such.. beast of burden, without the knowledge, privity, or nt either of the owner, or the master, or other person hav ?he charge or command of such ship or vessel, or the care of wagon, cart, carriage, horse, or other beast of burden, without any wilful neglect, or want of reasonable care, er in the owner, or in the master or other person having the Igr or command of such ship or vessel, or the care of such gpo cart, carriage, horse, or other beast of burden, iben,

Mri and

byxjock^lc

45 2

but the wool, etc. to be forfeited.

Port officer to keep a register of allwool, etc fentcoaft wise, and to send a copy half yearly to the commis. tionera of customs.

The regitter at the customhouse in London to be inspected for m. and a copy of it transmitted annually to every customhouse.

If wool slipped to be carried coastwise be unpaeked, the mailer of the vessel to forfeit 408. for .each bag.

Anno tffctesimo octavo georgii III C 38. [1

and in every such case, such owner, matter, or commandant crew, on board such ship or yeffel, person or persons - punished, nor shall such ship or vessel, ammunition, apparel, or furniture belonging thereto, or such wagged, or other carriage, horse, or other beast of burden, be*for or on account of such small quantity of wool, or oti said herein before enumerated articles, having been found covered on board of such ship or vessel, or within such cart, or other carriage, or upon such horse or other burden.

XL Provided always, and be it further enased by the rity aforesaid. That the wool, and other the said herein enumerated articles, hereby prohibited from being C which shall be found on board any such ship or vessel or such wagon, cart, or carriage, or upon such horse or burden, shall be forfeited to the person or persons who. find, discover, and seize the same.

XLI And be it further enacted by the authority That a regitter of all wool, and other the articles before merated, and sent coastwise, with the quantity, quality, package thereof, the name of the ship and matter, the the (hipper or (hippers of such goods, and the name or of the person or persons to whom the same shall be oonfiguad, and his or their place of abode, and also a regitter of the retan of the landing of the wool or other articles so shipped, (hadte kept by the customer, or collector or comptroller at each part, and a copy thereof shall be transmitted once in every (Utiariii to the commissioners of his majesty's customs at the pact of London, there to be regittered in a book to be kept at tbeeef* tom house, by some person or persons to be by the said commissioners appointed for that purpose, and which regitter andrt gifters shall at all seasonable times be inspected, on paymentot the sum of one shilling by any person or persons whomfoeve*, on application for that purpose; and a printed copy of suchie gifter shall, within sixty days next after the end of each year, be transmitted by the commissioners of his majesty's customs at the said port of London to the respective custom houfos within Ibis kingdom, and which said copies so transoiitted shall be infpc&ri by any person, on payment of the like see in manner aforesaid, upon application for that purpose.

XLIL And be it enatfed by the authority aforesaid. That no matter or commander of any ship or vessel, who (hah ship or load any wool to be carried eoaftwife, shall, at any time, uqder any pretence whatsoever, unpack, or permit, or suffer to bean paeked, any wool to him delivered, (except by or through sb solute necessity, of which necessity such matter or commander shall make oath in writing before one of his majesty's justicesot the peace, on his arrival at the port to which fych wool shall be consigned), upon pain of forfeiting, for every bag so unpaeked, the sum of forty Shillings to the owner or owners proprietor proprietors of such wool.

u XLIII M

<7*88] Anno vkeflmo o&avd Georgii III C 38. 453

XL III Andy for the better preventing offrauds in the collusive tending of any wool, or woollen or worjled yarn, or in the hipping or tending any of the several articles herein before enumerated, carried toafhoise; be it further enalled by the authority aforesaid, That Wool. etc. none of the said articles carried coastwise shall be hipped or carried coast knded, but in the presence of the proper officers appointed to Jjjjjj^ attend the same, nor at any other place or places than the law landed in the lul quays let out in the manner prescribed by the alt of frauds presence of an yzfled in the fourteenth year of King Charles the Second, for officer, and at England, Wales y and Berwick upon Tweed, and by the alt passed Jf*

in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anney forfeiture of for settling a court of exchequer in Scotland for that part of the the wool, and united kingdom, or at such other wharves or places as the com 3** for every smflioners of the customs, or any three of them (and which they are hereby empowered to do) shall from time to time, by writing under their hands, appoint for that purpose (such appointment to continue in force until they shall revoke the same) without special sufferance and leave had and obtained from the commis (ioners or principal officers of the customs, upon pain of forfeiting the said wool, or other articles, or the value thereof, and three Shillings for every pound weight of such wool, or other articles, to be paid, by the person or persons concerned in such unlawful shipping or landing, to the person or persons who shall inform thereof.

XLIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all cocquets for carrying wool, or any other the aforesaid Cocquets and articles, from any port within the kingdom of Great Britain, or n

the iftes aforesaid, shall be written on paper, and not parch pap^rn. cn oa ment and signed by three or more of the chief officers of such V9refpdtive ports, and all certificates of landing the same again, in any other of the said ports, shall be written upon paper only, and signed in like manner; and that all such wool, and other the weight, the aforesaid articles, both at shipping and landing, shall be0^°* weighed in the presence of the said officers giving such cocquets piri wand certificates rcfpchively, and that the exall weight, marks, them, and numbers, of such wool, and other the aforesaid articles, so shipped and landed, shall be likewise particularly expressed in the said cocquets and certificates refpellively, and written therein, without any obliteration, erasure, or interlineation whatsoever.

XLV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That act and every person or persons who by way of insurance, personsinfur orotherfcife, shall undertake or agree that any sheep, wool, or ingthecon any other of the articles herein before enumerated, shall be car to

ried or conveyed to any parts beyond the seas, from any port or foreign part, place whatsoever within this kingdom, contrary to the true in liable to the tent and meaning of this all, or in pursuance of such insurance, same penalties undertaking, or agreement, shall deliver, or cause or procure ^woot^and to be delivered, any sheep, wool, or any of the said articles, in '

any parts beyond the seas, such person or persons, and all and every their aiders, abettors, and assistants, shall, upon his and

their

persons paying for such insurance, liable to the

the articles insured

Any person concerned in such insurance giving information to the com mifttoners of the customs, to have the

Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 38. [17w5

their convdion, be liable to be punched in the same mamn||b is herein before directed with respect to the exporters of woqt XLVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforcfii|^ That all and every person and persons whosoever, who (hills

Or agree to pay any sum or sums of money for the infusing, veying, or exporting any sheep, wool, or other the articles hke*penalties, by prohibited from being exported, contrary to the true II and to forfeit and meaning of this act, shall, upon his and their conv* be liable to be punished in manner as herein before directed fpeding the exporters of sheep or wools and moreover, fm/k sheep, wool, or articles aforesaid, which shall be so insured, 4b|b become forfeited to the person or persons who shall foe for At same.,

XL VII And be it further enacted by the authority afordsm, That in case the insurer, conveyor, or manager of or in fatfc fraud, or the person or persons agreeing to insure, convener manage therein, do and shall, within the space of six mond after such transaction or agreement, first give notice thereof It the commissioners of the customs in Great Britain for the Ih being, so as the person or persons concerned with him, her, t^cm in such offence be conyided thereof, he, (he, or they fe ihcep!&c!orif 6rft making such discovery, shall not only be clearly acquitted the informant and discharged of such offence, and from the pumthment to be insured, to which he, (he, or they is of are liable by reason thereof, but t^premium a have, to his, her, or their own use, such sheep, wpoi, etc.*and other the articles herein enumerated, and which shall be

insured, after the charges of prosecution are dedudet), and shall likewise retain and enjoy, to his, her, and their own use she insurance money or reward given or paid to him, her, or them therein; and in case the party or parties insured shall, within the like space of six months, first make discovery thereof to the said commissioners of the customs, so as the person or persons concerned with him, her, or them in such offence, hallbecoa vided thereof, he, (he, or they so first discovering, shall recover and receive back such insurance money or premium as he, (he, or they have or hath paid upon such insurance or agreement; and in case the said insurance money or premium shall not at the time of such discovery be actually paid, then the person or per''so first discovering is and are hereby saved harmless and indemnified from paying the same, or any part thereof, and all and every the agreement or agreements entered into for paying such moneys is and are hereby declared to be null and void, and the person and persons so first discovering shall also be dearly acquitted and discharged of and from the punishment hereby directed to be infii&ed upon him, her, or them, and to which he, (he, or they would have been otherwise liable.

XLVIII And whereat policies af insurance are commonly made m goods and merchandizes, as well as on ships and vessels, wherein the insurer undertakes, in confederation of a premium given him by the af fund, to bear all the risk and hazard of the voyage, and it is generally unknown to the insurers whit sort of goods and merchandizes are

laden

455

*788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38.

ladta on board any ship or vessel; whereby it frequently may happen that insurances may be made on wool or woollen yarn, or other the articles hereby prohibited to be exported, to be carried from Great Britain to foreign parts, as well as on the ships or vessels having #« board such wool woollen yarn, or other*articles: and whereas the diftouraging of all such insurances may be a means to prevent the Jrmgdulent exportation of futb wool, woollen and worjied yarn, end aether the aid herein before enumerated articles; be it therefore further enacted by the, authority aforesaid, That all policies of Policies of in igfurance which shall be made on goods and merchandizes vom^ifrnade laden or to be laden on any ship or vessel bound from Great onvooljetc? Britain to foreign parts, which shall afterwards appear to be to foreign**iool, woollen or worded yarn, or any of the before enume parts, rated articles hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be deemed and taken to be null and void, notwithstanding any words or agreement whatsoever which shall be inserted in any such policy of insurance, and nothing shall be recovered by the allured from the insurer for loss or damage, or for the premium which shall have been given as the consideration for in faring such wool, woollen or worded yarn, or such other articles; any law, cudom, or usage, to the contrary not with fta "

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall be lawful for the madcr or commander, or any Comnwiderj, other commissioned or deputed officer of any of his majesty's °* king's ships or (loops, in any port, creek, or road, or in the open tcffd8°andc Teas, within the limits of the dation which shall be assigned fcizc such as to any such ships or Hoops, and he is hereby required to enter bavefoeep, and (earch, or cause to be entered and searched, any ship, vef ct.c*on>°zrd fel, or boat, and if upon such search any sheep, wool, or anyqc°ut a L other of the said articles hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be found therein, and the mader or commander of such ship, vessel, or boat, shall not immediately produce to the commander of such ship or Hoop a lawful cocquet or warrant, licensing such articles to be carried coastwise, or to the said isles, or same of them, such commander is hereby directed to take and seize such ship, vessel, or beat, and to carry the same, together with the crew and cargo thereof, into some port in Great Britain, and there deliver the same into the custody of the collector and comptroller of such port.

L And be it further cnatfed by the authority aforesaid.

That all the wool, and other the said articles hereby prohibit Wool, etc. ed from being exported, found on board any ship, vessel, or boat, contrary to the intent and meaning of this af, and which are hereby declared to be forfeited, and which shall have warehouse8 been so seized by any of his majesty's ships or (loops, shall be till condemn lodged in the king's warehouse in such port where the famecc*i shall be taken or seized, or into which the dune shall be brought, until condemned according to law, and being so con wool, etc.

^t^» 1 / «^11 r 1 snil te,

, such wool and other such articles shall be exposed to

publick.lv to sale, after sixty days public notice being given in 1 '

vol.'xxxvi.

H h

writing

by.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii 111. C 38. [178?*

writing at the custorti house of the said port, and on the Rfjfl Exchange of London, by inch of candle, to the last and best bu der, and all ships, vessels, or boats, that shall be so fazej^ and which arc hereby declared to be forfeited, and which (bdl be condemned as aforesaid, shall, together with all their gopt^ tackle, furniture, and apparel, be exposed to sale in like mzqp and the pro ner, and the produce of the wool, or such aforesaid articles dace divided ships, vessels, or boats, so sold as aforesaid, after dedujtfqg mentioned. expenses an charges of the prosecution and condemnation shall be divided in manner following, (that is to say); 00^ thiftd part thereof to the commander or commanders, m.p. third part to the officers of the ship or ships, (loop or Hoops that took the same, and the remaining third part to the qmfir f ners belonging to such ship or ships, (loop or Hoops, to bt

equally divided and paid amongst the said mariners, by tfii, colleflors of the said port, or such person or persons as (Ml be authorised to pay the same; and t^iat if fuclr feizore Hal be made upon the information of any person or persons Ml being a mariner on board any such ship or Hoop so appointed cruise, such informer or informers shall not only be indemnified from the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, to which exporten of the said prohibited articles, their aiders and abettors, are liable, but shall also receive one third part of the produce of such sale or Tales, after deducting the expenses attending the lam and the residue thereof shall be divided and distributed in manner as is before direfled.

LI And be it further enacted by the authority aforefirid. Penalty on That every commander of such ship or (loop neglefling his Cf n»andcr8 duty by this act required, shall lose and forfeit all pay and )eaing\hc»r wascs due to him or them, and suffer six months impflruoa duty. ment and be for ever incapable of serving his Majesty in aoy

Informers of office in the navy, customs, excise, nr salt duties; and that any such ne^lefl person or persons giving information against any such com to be paid 40i. mander for neglecting his duty shall, on the conviflion of such offender or offenders, be entitled to receive and have the (bo - of forty pounds, to be paid to such informer immediately after such conviflion, by the commissioners of the customs, excise, or salt duties, or other his majesty's revenue as herein after mentioned, with respect to forfeitures incurred by persons unable $0 pay the same.

LI I. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the an no person, thority aforesaid, That in order to prevent collusive feiznra fice^ohhe^ anc agreements ad fraudulent practises, whereby the penal customs, etc. es and forfeitures inflifled by this act may be evacted, it shall tofeize theep, not be lawful for any person or persons, except an officer of etc. without a his majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, who shall have constable. cause to fulpefl that any sheep, wool, or any of the before enumerated articles, 'and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, is or are carrying or conveying, contrary to the directions and true intent and meaning of this act, to pxamine or seize such sheep, wool, and other the said enumerated articles,

3788.j Anno yidchma octavo Georgii III C 38.

cks» other than together and in company with a conftabie, or other officer of the peace, who are hereby required on application being made to him or them, immediately to attend the person or persons applying for such allistance; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in'any wife not withstanding.

Lilli. And be it further enacted, That if any conftabie or other officer of the peace, of if any officer of his majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, upon application being made to him for that purpose, shall neglcdf or refuse to attend any period or persons who shall make such application, or shall neg le his duty in the premises, every such conftabie, or other officer of the peace, and officer of his majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety whereof, when recovered and after deducing the costs and charges of recovering the lame, shall go to the person or persons suing for the same, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the poor of the parish of place where the offence shall have been committed: provided always. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away the power hereby given to the commanders and officers of his Majesty Vlhips of war, or armed (loops, to take and seize any ship, vessel, or boat, having therein any sheep, wool, or other the said enumerated articles, the matter or commander whereof shall not produce any such cocquet or warrant as aforesaid.

LIV And, to prevent any dispute relating to tie authority of any person or persons cuing as an officer or as officers of the customs, excise, er salt duties in this kingdom, for putting in execution this act, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every per ibn who, by deputation, commission, or other instrumenr, under the hands and seals of the commissioners of the customs, exetfe, or salt duties in this kingdom, or the ides aforesaid respectively, shall be appointed to at as an officer or servant under them for putting this act in execution, shall be esteemed an officer of the customs, excise, or salt duties respectively, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

LV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer of the revenue, or other person or persons shall, directly or indiredlty, make any collusive seizure or information of any of the said articles hereby prohibited from being exported, or any fraudulent or collusive agreement whatio soever, whereby the owner or claimer thereof, their agents or Servants, or any offender, or offenders against this act, may avoid the forfeitures, punishments, and penalties, or any part thereof, incurred or inflicted by this act, he, (he, and they shall, upon conviction, be subject to the like penalties as are herein before directed to be incurred by the exporters of wool 5 and every such information and seizure, and all the proceedings thereupon had, shall be and are hereby declared to be for the benefit only of the person or persons (not being an accomplice H h 2 or

457

Cohstables, etc. neglecting their duty to forfeit 20i.

frothing in this act to take away the power given to commanders of kinv's ships to seize vessela, call

persons adtirig under the authority of the commissioners of customs, C to e deemed their officers.

Persons making collusive Seizures, See. to be subjedfc to the like penalties as exporters of wool.

and the Seizures, See. to be to the person discover

458 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38. [1788*

in? the collu or accomplices) who shall first discover such collufivc irifonm fion tion and feizurc: provided nevertheless, That any person wlwfr.

Any person f0ever, concerned in any such collufivc or fraudulent feizntv fi?ch?ouu, n agreement, who shall first discover such his offence to the cm lion, making missioner of the customs for the time being, shall be cieaifc the first difeo acquitted and di Charged thereof, provided he makes such very thereof, covery within the space of three months after the offence ba ted C acquit have been committed, and so as any one or more of his and if not a complices therein be convifled thereof; and if such perfoo HA revenue offi making such discovery as aforesaid, within the time aforefim, err or owner be not an officer of his majesty's revenue, or owner of tlfc of the goods, goods, he or she shall, as a further encouragement for mafchie to have 40. |uch discovery, have and receive, to his and her own ofeam benefit, the sum of forty pounds, the same to be paid by A commissioners of the customs on the conviction or convictions

Person9 of

thi* act to be transported.

of such offender or offenders.

LVI And) for the more tjfcfiual putting this act in executim^ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if nay one hi the ex person or persons whosoever, putting this ain execution, ecution of shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, tnolested, wounded, or beaten, in seizing or attempting to seize any sheep, wool, wool fels, woolflocks, mortlings, fhortlings, or any other fpeciet of goods before enumerated, by any person or persons whomfe ever, either in the day or night, by land or water, 0m1 were intended to be exported, or which were carrying onboard any ship or vessel contrary to this act, the person or periods who shall so hinder, oppose, obstruct, molest, wound, or beat, any such person or persons in the making, or attempting to make, such seizures as aforesaid, and also all and every other perfoo for persons whatsoever, being armed with offensive arms or weapons, 'or wearing any vizard, mask, or other disguise, who shall refeue, 'or attempt to refeue, any sheep, wool, or other the goods aforesaid, which shall have been seized according to the directions of this act, every such person or persons that shall be convicted of any of the said offences shall, by order of the court before whom fuel; offender or offenders shall be convicted, be transported to some place beyond the seas for such term. as such court shall think fit, not exceeding seven years 5 and if any such offender or offenders shall return into Great Britain before the expiration of the time for which he, (he, or they shall be so transported, contrary to the intent and meaning hereof, he, she, or they, so returning, and being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer as felons, and have execution awarded against them as persons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LVI I. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrebid, Persons offer That if any person or persons whosoever shall offer or promise Ing bribes to to give any bribe, or recompense or reward whatsoever, to any evafiortof This °cer or 'officers of the customs, extife, or salt duties, or to act to forfeit any p^son or persons whomsoever, to connive at, or permit jool. the exportation or the concealment of any sheep, wool, or

other

459

7*5-3 Anno vicesimo o£uro Georgii III C 3$. other the articles hereby prohibited from being exported, or ffcc removing thereof, contrary to this act, or to conceal or wdoive at any other a whereby any of the provisions hereby Qtode may be evaded or broken, every such person or persons io offending shall, for every such offence (whether the same of propofai, or promise, be accepted or performed or not), ibffeit and pay the sum of three hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied ro the use of him, her, or them, who shall 3a£arm or sue for the same, by aduon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at ivejl mfjf/ter* wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more tin one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

"That every officer of his majesty's excise, customs, or salt du Officers of the ncglcaing the fluty by this act required, or compounding neg 1 rifling fqr any (nip, vessel, sheep, wool, or other the articles herein their duty, to before mentioned, and which are by this act directed to be for fuflfer the same felted, shall be deemed aiders and abettors in the exportation punishmentas of sheep, wool, and other the articles aforesaid, which are here, ^, by prohibited from being exported, and suffer the punishment herein enacted against the exporters thereof.

LIX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all bonds taken, or to be taken, in Bonds not to pursuance of this act, shall not be chargeable with any of the be chargeable duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, any law duties" 1* or ftacute made, or to be made, to the contrary not with handing.

LX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in all queitions, prosecutions, suits, and informations, In all prose which shall happen to arise or be commenced, brought, sued, cutiof.r" ', e or prosecuted, between or against any p£rfon or personsior any upon the de thing done or committed, or neglected to have been done, fondant, contrary to the directions, true intent, and meaning of this act, touching or concerning the sheep, wool, or other articles hereby prohibited from being exported, it shall not be necessary for the prosecutor, or person or persons commencing, bringing, or prosecuting any such suit, indictment, or information, nor shall he, (he, or they, be obliged or required, upon any hearing or trial thereof, to prove that such sheep was or were of the breed of this kingdom, or that such wool was of the growth of this kingdom, but that without any such proof, upon every such hearing and trial, it shall be held, deemed, and taken, that such sheep was or were of the breed of this kingdom, and such wool of the growth of this kingdom, unless the contrary shall be proved by or on the part of the person or persons who shall happen to be defendant or defendants in or upon any such hearing or trial, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Prosecutions all actions, suits, prosecutions, and information, to be had my be com jnd toomienced upon this, or upon the fqid recited act of the couno{n"y

h 3 nimh

nunster, etc.

460 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 3$. [ 178!.

cord at West mnth and tenth year of his late majesty King William the n. — Third, for or in respect of any offence or offences done committed against this or the said recited act, or for or in retpeft of any penalty or forfeiture in or by the said acts, or either df them, imposed or inflicted, shall and may be entered and'ptffr fecuted (except where it is in this a otherwise directed) inwkf of his majesty's courts of record at wej1minstery or in the courtt of exchequer in Scotland, or in any court of oyer and termmerg great session, or gaol delivery, or at, the quarter sessions of tm peace, or before any two justices of the Reacts for any coomj^ city, or place in this kingdom, in a summary way, at the etoc* tion of the feizer or informer, wherein no esloth, protedtida* or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any moire than one imparlance.

LXII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the afr> thorify aforesaid. That no prosecution or information (hah be had, commenced, brought, or proceeded upon, before ^nvfitmmary two such justices of the peace in a summary way, where the fa way for more zure, penalty, or forfeiture then claimed shall exceed, in tlfe than aool. whole, the sum of two hundred pounds.

lx11i. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Joftices to or That the said justices who shall beaflembled at any such gen tobepuwfck ra cluarter cons of the peace, and also such aforesaid two

No Prosecution to be proceeded upon

epu ly sold, and penalties to be levied by distress.

How penalties are to be applied.'

justices, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to order and direct all such ships, vessels, goods, carriage, and cattle, as shall be by them declared to be forfeited, and which shall have been seized by virtue of this or the said recited to be publicly sold to the highest bidder, at such time and place as they shall think proper and direct; and a Ho, by their order or warrant, to levy all and every the penalties and for feiturerwhich shall have been incurred by any offender or offenders against this or the said recited a, and akb all such costs as shall have been awarded upon any appeal touching the same, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner and owners of such goods and chattels, after dedudlin^ the reasonable charges of such distress and sale.

LXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That one clear moiety of the respective seizures, penalties, and forfeitures (except the penalties of the bonds) by this act directed lobe inflicted upon offenders against the same (except such as are by this act otherwise directed and applied) shall when recovered be paid and applied to such person or persons who shall give such information to any officer of his majesty's customs, excise,or salt duties, as may be the means of recovering the same; and that after deducing the expenses of recovering such penalties, the remainder of the other moiety shall be paid to the officer or officers assisting in making any such seizures; but that in case any officer or officers of his' majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, shall make any of the seizures hereinbefore directed without information, then, after deducting the 1 1 ' expenses

*788-3 Anno vicesimo oltavo Georgii III C 38. 461

expenses of recovery as aforesaid, the remainder of such produce shall be paid to the officer or officers seizing the same.

LXV And be it further enacted by the authority afore fiid, 'That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or Persons ex officers of his majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, confta porting fhccp, bits, and other officer or officers of the peace, and for all per ^edbefore*!* ions affing in their or any of their aid or afiistance, to flop, justice, who arrest, and detain all and every the person and persons who may commit shall be found actually exporting or attempting to export, any them to gaol, (beep, wool, or any other the said herein before enumerated C articles, or who shall be aiding, abetting, or affixing in the exporting, or attempting to export the same, or any of them, and him, her, and them, to carry and convey before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace near to the place where the offence shall be committed or done, and the justice or justices shall, if he or they see cause, commit the person or per tonnes so brought before him or them to the county gaol or house of correltion until the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the same county, riding, division, or place, there to be tried and dealt with as by this act is directed; and the justices at such sessions are hereby authorised and required to examine, hear, try, and determine all and every such offence and offences, and, upon conviltion of the offender or offenders, to punish him, her, or them in manner herein before mentioned.

LXVI And be it further enacted, That the officer or offi personscon cers, person or persons who shall convey any offender arrested veying offen by the authority of this act before any justice of the peace as aforesaid shall, in case such offender shall be committed to pri enter'into re son as aforesaid, enter into recognisance to his said Majesty, cognizances his heirs and successors, before such justice, in the sum of to prosecute. forty pounds, conditioned to appear at such general quarter sessions of the peace, and to prosecute the person or persons so committed.

LXVII And be it further enacted. That if it shall appear Where goods to the satisfaltion of the justices before whom any offender or infiiffici* offenders shall be convilted of any of the offences herein be en^°.^nfwet^ fore mentioned, for which only a pecuniary penalty is hereby imposed, either by the confelfion of the party convilted, or by offender may the testitnony of a credible witnefc, that such offender or offen be commit ders have not nor hath goods or chattels sufficient to answer ted the penalty or penalties against him, her, or them recovered, then without giving any warrant for the purpose, or if such penalty or. penalties cannot be wholly levied by virtue of the warrant or warrants which shall be for that purpose issued, the justices who shall have convilted such offender or offenders, or any other two justices of the same county, division, borough, 'town or place, upon proof thereof, shall and lawfully may commit every such offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correllion of the county or place in or for which such juftjee pr justices shall then ad, there to remain, without bail

h 4 9f

462 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii IH. C 38. f ij9fkr

or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless the whole of fitch penalty or penalties shall btf sooner paid

Justices may LXVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That' accept fccuri jf any offender ordered to be committed to prison under or bft rna^pcws* virtue of this act, for any offence for which a pecuniary penal 1 ties P*ty alone is hereby imposed, shall, before his aftuafl commitment to prison, procure security, to be given by two fufficio^ sureties, to the satisfaction of the justices before whom he (half have been convicted, for payment of the penalty or penalties him incurred, with the charges incident to his conviftioi^ within thefpace of fourteen days, exclusive of the day ofconvib* tion, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for suck; justices to accept such security, and upon nonpayment thereof at the time stipulated for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the same justices, or any other two justices of fhk peace for the same county, division, or place, to cause the pal ty convicted, and his sureties, to be apprehended by warrant or warrants under his or their hands and seals, and them, and each and every of them, to commit to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, division, or place inorfoir which such justices shall act, for such space of time as the party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned, iq case no such security had been given, unless such penalty and charges shall be sooner paid.

Appeals from laix. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if justices may any person or persons who shall be convicted of any of the of thenar ter ^ences n act herein before mentioned shall think himfidf iessions^on r themselves aggrieved by the judgement or determination of I two furetieg such justices of the peace, upon any complaint or information entering into brought or made before them, it shall and may be lawful to and recognizan for any such person or perf0ns to appeal to the next general or cc8f quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, division,

or place in or for which such justice or justices shall have aftedi such person or persons giving, and being hereby required to give, within fourteen days then next after such conviction, notice in writing to the informer or informers of such appeal, and shall and do at the time of making such appeal, with two sufficient sureties, enter into recognizances before the same justice or justices of the peace, to appear and prosecute such appeal at the said general or quarter sessions, and abide by the order or determination of the same court, and to pay the costs and charges thereby awarded against such person or persons (if any); and every such appeal shall, by the said court of general or quarter sessions, be examined, and the circumstances of the case fully inquired into, and the matter heard and determined; and in case such judgement, determination, or conviction, so appealed against, shall be affirmed, the party so appealing shall pay unto the informer or informers double costs, to be ascertained by the order of the same court, and if the ap LXX Provided also, and be it further enacted, That ia pdiant pay'' -'case

788.] Anno vicefimb octavo Georgii III C 38. 463

afetheperson or persons so appealing shall pay the penalty on the penalty, er any such conviction as aforesaid into the hands of the said jftfccs by way of depofir, or (halt be committed to prison, fur*ticj. jch person or persons shall and may appeal to the said general uarfer sessions, on hi or their entering (without sureties) into ach recognizances as herein before mentioned, and remaining n prison in the mean time, or depositing such penalty into the riuods of the said justices, there to remain until the merits of he said appeal fhafl be heard and determined.

ltxxi. And be it further enacted, That every information o be made under this act shall be made upon oath; and that Justices may t shall and may be lawful to and for the justice or justices be summon wit fore whom any complaint or information shall have been so nc" cs made, to summon before them, at the instance of either party,

person who shall, in their judgement, appear to be a northeast ceuiry witness for either or any of the said parties upon the said complaint or information, to appear before him or them, at a time and place to be fpecifted in the summons 5 and the derfi>n so summoned shall appear at the time and place fpecir tied, and submit in all things to be examined as a witness in the premises.

LXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons shall receive or take Penalty on re any greater fees for any sufferance, licence, or certificate, or ^£" 1 e* matter herein directed, than the sum or see herein for mited sees, that purpose limited, the person or persons offending therein shall forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved, the sum of five Shillings for every one penny which shall be taken over and above the see hereby allowed to be taken, and soon after that proportion.

LXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore '

said, That in case any person shall be prosecuted in any of his Persons pro majesty's courts of record at Westminster for any penalty in fc.cut5^..to purred by this act, a capias shall and may issue, the first: prog, vc 1*cess specifying the sum of the penalty sued for, and the person or persons so sued shall be obliged to give good and sufficient bail and security, by natural born subjects or denizens, to the officer serving or executing such process against him or them, to appear in the court out of which such capias shall issue, at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution, and likewise shall, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, to answer and pay the forfeitures and penalties incurred for such offence or offences, in case lie or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his or their bodies to prison.

LXXIV Andy for the better and more impartial trials of all oflions and informations which Shall be commenced or prosecuted by virtue of this be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Actions to be such actions and informations shall be tried in any of his Ma tried byajury jelly's courts of record, by a jury cf good and lawful freehold f athff*crent$

county fropi

464 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III 0.3$. [17v.

that wherein ers, to be summoned out of any other county than that when the in the fact shall be committed.

committed. LXX V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pr&onedfor1* That any p^011 or persons shall be in prison for want of want of hail sufficient bail for any of the pecuniary penalties herein before refuse to plead inflicted, and shall refuse to appear or plead to a declaration to informati qt information to be delivered to such person or persons, or umj°udge^° 6a°kr* or keeper, or turnkey of the prison, a the (ail nent to be prison, for any of the aforesaid penalties, for the space of one entered term, judgement shall be entered against him by default, against them. LXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afore Where there said9 That if any person or persons, offender or offenders, mse^nyfeh^conv^ed fr any f the offences specified in this act, zurc, oat of ln there shall happen to have been no seizure whereby the m which to reformer or prosecutor can be rewarded, then, and in such case, ward profecu^shall and may be lawful for the respective coromissioncri of soncwof" cu^oms> excise, or salt duties, or other his majesty*s re the revenue venue, and they are hereby rcfpesively required to cause one torecom shilling per pound weight for all such of the said articles for pence them as which such offender or offenders shall be convidfed, or the Aim herein men of forty p0unds> n case the quantity cannot be known, to be nc*paid by the receiver-general of the revenue, under the management of the respective commissioners, out of any publiefc money in his hands; and the money paid by any receiver-general, cathier, or other officer as aforesaid, shall be. accepted of and allowed in his account as so much money paid to his Mai jetty, and every such officer is and shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any law, cuttom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho profccntiona rity aforesaid. That no person or persons whatsoever shall at to be com any time hereafter be liable to be prosecuted for any offence, years' D 3 a matler* or thing done or committed contrary to this a, unless such prosecution shall be commenced within the space of three years next ensuing the offence committed.

LXX VIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore the first three said. That the better to encourage persons to discover the CX pcifons con porters of sheep, wool, or other the articles before enumerated, Sporting'and ^hich are hereby prohibited from being exported, the first fttcep, etc. three persons who shall have been aiding, abetting, or assisting not being the in carrying out or exporting of sheep, wool, or any of the said swfje" i who articles, wo shall give information thereof to any justice of thereof to be Pcacc kingdom, whereby the punishment and

exempted penalties appointed by this at may be ipflidted and recovered, from penal he party or parties so discovering (not being "owner or part tics; owner of the said sheep, wool, or other the articles as aforesaid)

shall not suffer any of the said penalties or punishments herein and also the before mentioned: provided always, That if any owner of any owner, etc. of ship or vessel, or any matter, commander, or mariner, or per tjje upon son aiding or assisting in loading any ship, vessel, or boat, herein mt n ns knowing of such exportation of sheep, wool, or of any the ar tioned. ' 1 ' lidw

*S8.J Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38. 465

cles before enumerated, and which are hereby prohibited from eusg exported, shall, within three months next after the riowledge thereof, or after h»s return into the kingdom of Trout Britain, give the first information thereof before any of Mr barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, or be re the head officer of any port where he shall first arrive, or icfore any justice or justices of the peace, upon his or their rath, of the number and quantity of the said articles fb carried, xsnreyed, and transported, and by'whom, where, and in what ship or vessel, and shall enter into recognisance to his aid Majesty, his heirs and successors, with two sufficient cure ies^ before any justice of the peace, in the sum of forty pounds ch, personally to appear and give evidence of the same, then Rich owner and owners, matter, commander, mariner and mariners, or other person or persons so aiding oraffifting therein, (had! not be liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures im this act contained or enacted for the offence a fore said, tfut (timl be, and is and are hereby enabled to recover and receive such behefit and advantage as is appointed to he received and allowed by this act oq conviaion of such offenders.

LXXIX And whereas an act of parliament was passed in the hoenty tbirdyear of the reign of his majesty King Henry the Eighth,

For the windfog of wool, whereby it was enaftea, That from 13 Heovl. thenceforth no manner of person or persons do wind, or cause to ho C 17* and wound, any fleece of wool being not Jujficiently river ed or wafbed, mr wind, nor cause to be wound, within any fleece, day, lead, jhones, fond, tails, deceitful locks, cots, cals, cumber, lamvs wool, or any other thing, whereby the fleece might be made more weighty, to the deceit and loss of the buyer, upon pain the seller of any such deceitful wools to forfeit for every such fleece sixpence, the one moiety to the King, the other to the finder and prover of the same deceit, by action of debt, by original writ, bill, plaint, information, or otherwise, in any of the Kings courts, in which action, no wager of law, ejfinn, or protection, should be allowed for the defendant; and it was provided in and by the said act, that the same aft concerning rivering and wafting of any wool should not in anywise extend to any Jtire or tyres, ' the inhabitants whereof had not customably used before that time to river or wash their sheep afore they were shorn, nor should in anywise be hurtful or prejudicial to any person or persons that had used customably to sell their wools by tale or number of the fleece or fleeces, and not by weight, anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding 4 which said statute was made perpetual in and by another act of parliament, passed in the thirteenth year of her majesty §>ueen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for reviving and ijeliz. C 15. continuance of certain statutes: and whereas the said laws have*&**& not now the good effectts thereby proposed and intfiyded, by, reason of the aid penalty being so fmdu, and one moiety thereof being directed to be paid to the King, and the great expense attending the recovery of the same; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, and the pe that, from and after the passing of this a A, every person and nalty thereby persons offending against the said lad mentioned a As shall, in imposedon

I" '*J Jicudcccufql

466

winding of wool increased to as. per fleece, the whole to be to the prover thereof. Offences against the recited acts may be determined by a justice in a sum m ary way.

Complaints for deceitful winding of wool to be discharged, if there appears no intentioa to defraud.

The aforesaid penalty, if not paid in six days, to be levied by distress.

Persons complained of for selling wool deceitfully wound, may, if it was done without their privity, re

anno vic6fima octavo Georgii III C 38. [ 17m,

lieu of every sixpence which, by the said acts, or either of them, might be recovered, forfeit and pay the sum of two shilling, the whole whereof shall be paid to the finder or prover of ck abovementioned deceits; and the offences against the kid acts, or either of them, from henceforth shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined by and before any one justice of the peace residing at or near the place where such offence or offences shall be committed, in a fammary way; and (nek said justice of the peace shall be and he is hereby imposvcttd to cause the respective person or persons against whom any such information shall be laid, to be summoned at a certain time and place to be fixed by such justice, and he is hereby folly authorised, empowered, and required, upon the appearance r default of such person or persons, to examine into and give judgement in the premises; anything in the kid recited aids, 9* either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise nottoithstanding.

LXXX Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thu if it shall appear, to tyre satisfaction of such justice, that the matter complained of was not done, committed, or suffered, with intent to deceive the buyer of any such aforesaid wool, or that any clay, sand, or earth, which shall be (bund in such fleece, was not intentionally put there to make the fleece more weighty, but became mixed or connected with the same by ro (bn of the oecefltary paftmring, folding, or keeping of the sheep, whereupon such fleece (hold have been grown fubfequeot to therivering.or washing affuch sheep, that every such justice shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to discharge every such complaint, and to acquit the person and persons thereby accused of and from the payment of any penalty or forfeiture, on account of the matter or offence therein set forth and aliedged; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXI And be it further enacted, That in ca£e the penalty or penalties hereby infii&ed or imposed, for or in respect of the false winding of wool, or the selling or dicpofing thereof, shall not be paid within six days next after such conviction, the same penalty or penalties shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of the justice or justices before whom he or they shall have been convicted.

LXXXI And whereas it may frequently happen that that ftder of such deceitful wools, or wool folfely wound or folded may not he the person who actually wound or folded the same, or that the same were deceitfully or falsely wound or folded without the privity, knowledge or conjent of such seller; be it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful, in every such case, to and for the seller of woo), touching which any complaint or information shall have been made, and which mall be then pending, immediately after he shall have received such summons as aforesaid, to apply to the justice of the peace who shall have granted'such

788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38. 467

ick fuounons, and require him, upon information having choir the ap een given for that purpose, to summon the person who au pcarance of tiv wound or folded the wool then complained of as being so wound^\t imcly or deceitfully wound or folded, to appear at the time before a iuf nd place mentioned in such original summons, or at such other tice, who is iwm and place as such justice shall think proper (of which time determine nd place sufficient notice shall be given by the seller of such root to the person or persons complaining), when the said uftice shall, and he is hereby empowered, whether the person ftwrged as being the actual winder of the wool then complained yf shall'appear or not (proof being made that he had been duly summoned), to hear and determine the matter of such com phint* and if it shall then appear, to the fatbfaciion of the said justice, that the wool then complained of had been actually wound or folded falsely and deceitfully by the person then charged by the seller thereof with having wound and folded the same, and that without the privity, knowledge, or consent of fiach seller, that then, and in every such case, the person who had actually wound or folded such wool (and not the seller thereof) shall be (ubject and liable to the penalties herein be fore imposed upon the seller and sellers of wool deceitfully or falsely wound or folded, and such remedies for the recovery of the lime as are herein before mentioned; but if it shall, upon feoh hearing, appear otherwise to such justice, or if it shall appear and be determined otherwise upon the hearing of the appeal, and which is hereinafter given, then, and in every such cry, the seller of the wool so complained of shall remain and be (ubject to such penalties, and remedies for the recovery thereof, as aforesaid, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding 5 and in case of nonpayment of such penalties by, or that the same cannot be recovered of and from, the person who shall have been convicted of having actually falsely and deceitfully wound or folded such wool, every such person shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for the county, riding, division, Or place wherein the offence was committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than twenty-one days, unless the penalty and costs (if any) shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXXIII And be it further enacted, That if any person Persons ag or persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the grieved raiy judgement or determination of any such justice of the peace, quw^rfef upon any complaint or information which shall have been Sons, CC brought or made before him, respecting the winding'or folding of wool it shall and may be lawful to and for any such person

persons to appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, division, or place in or for which such justice shall have acted, such person or persons giving, and being hereby required to give, within five dtfys then next after such conviction, notice in writing to the respondent or respondents in such appeal, and shall and do, at the. n I time

468 Anno vicesimo octavo gfiorgif III C 38. [17

time of making such appeal, with two sufficient sureties «#* recognisance before the said justice or justices of the peatfj$ to appear"and prosecute such appeal at the said general or qum. ter feffipns, and abide by the order or determination of the fii court and to pay the costs and charges thereby awarded agaiflft such person or persons (if'any) 5 and every such appeal ferit by the said court of general or quarter sessions, be cxamiti* 1 and the circumstances of the case fully inquired into aok dm matter heard and determined; and the said justices in the NT general or quarter sessions are hereby authorised to award fadk costs as shall appear to them just and reasonable to be paidt£ either party. V

k<r con via ion LXXXV Provided aifot and be it funhtr enacted, Tfct tobefet tfide no con V id ion made or judgement given, upon any oflfencefr form °* °«nces this act mentioned or created, shall be fet afidrit or by any court whatsoever for want of form, or through till. rais stating of any, circumstance, or other matter wbaa* ever, provided the material fads alleged in such convidioa* judgement, and upon which the same shall be grounded, 4k proved to the satisfaction of the said court $ any law, statute, r custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV And whereas, by an act of parliament puffed in 44 twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King Edwali 97 Ed. 5. the Third, entitled, The officers of the staple, and merchant Hat. ac.3. repairing lo it, (half be sworn to maintain the staple, and^lt laws and customs of it, it was oretained, That a certain market 4 winders of wool, and other officers therein mentioned, be ffiffidtm ordained for the place where the Jlaple is, and they and the corrtdjl and all manner of officers of the Jlaple, bfjides the constables, JUBE sworn before the mayor of the Jlaple, that they lawfully jhab etfr cute thiir office, without fraud or deceit: and whereas all winders! now to be Jworn do repair to the mayor of the Jlaple at Westmmfer*for the purpose of being so sworn, whereby the persons so defirmef 1

being sworn are subjected to great expense and inconvenience; belt | quarter fcf. enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall mb

fions may ad "lay be lawful for the justices of the peace, who shall hereafter minister to te assembled at any general quarter sessions of the peace, with persons proin the kingdom or Great Britain, or any adjournment thereof, Sed to be an arc ^eby empowered and required to administerto sworn wind every such personas shall be desirous of becoming a sworn ersof wool, winder of wool, and shall produce a certificate under the hand the following of any two growers of wool, testifying to the satisfaction of the entered such justicca, that such person is properly qualified to become in the records a f*w& winder of wool, an oath to the following purport and 4rftbcfdbons; efsect, that is to say,

AB. do swear, That I will truly and justly, without Jemf, wind and sold all and singular the wool which I Shall take ufen me to wind and sold, without leaving or putting any clay, lead, Jloues, jand, tails, deceitful locks, lambs wool, or any other thing, whereby the fleece may be made more weighty, to the deceit and hfi

788.j Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 38. 469

tbi buyer; and that I will not use any other deceit, crafty guile,

'fraudy in the winding or folding of any such afore [aid wool.

So help me GOD.

n entry of the administering and taking of which oath shall

5 made in the records of the said fcflions, and a certificate vereof shall be delivered by the clerk of the peace, or other roper officer, to the person who shall have taken the same.

LXXXVI Provided always, and be it enacted, That no but persons, herein contained shall be construed to hinder or prevent ntn ny one from employing any person in winding or folding of £]oyed!cm- ko, although such person shall not have been ('worn irf manner before mentioned. -

LXXXVI And whereas many persons are now confined in pfl,

in for penalties and fines set upon them in consequence of their hav*been convifled of offences against the laws now in being to promt the illicit exportation of live sheep wool, and other the of ore aid enumerated articles, which they are unable to pay; and many '0 avoid such penalties and forfeitures, and the punishments dire fled »

'0 be inflicted upon persons convifled of such offences, have withdrawn themselves into foreign parts, and process of outlawry may have issued against some of them: and whereas it is expedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to persons under the aforesaid circum ftonces; be it therefore enacted, That no profeeption, a £1 ion, No jfrofecu suit, or information, shall be commenced, for or upon account tionij|0*. or by reason of any offence committed by any person or persons so^offence* against any of the proviiions of any act or acts now in force prior to May against the exportation of live sheep, wool, or any other the X i78£, against aforesaid articles, before the first day of May one thousand fe the laws re ven hundred and eighty eight, but that the penalties, forfei c^ortationof tures, and puniftunents shall be wholly pardoned and rc live foeep, C leased..

LXXXVIII And be it further enabled. That, as to all penalties or fines now due, on any former conviction upon any no^due, or" of the acts hereby repealed, or which may become due in con which may sequence of prosecutions now carrying on, the same shall he become due pardoned and discharged, so far as regards the share or interest j? profecu of such penalty or fine given to his Majesty; and that all per pending, to be fons against whom any process of outlawry hatlrtsqen sued out, remitted, and for the matters aforesaid, may be at liberty to apply, by mo reversal of tion, to the court Out of which such process issued io fet aiide or outlawries reverse the same. r for?'

LXXXIX And be it further enacted, That if«any«pfrfon V^or persons, who shall claim tl C benefit of this act, shall after

such claim, bring or commence, or cause to be brought or personsclaim commenced, any action, plaint, information, or otherprofo ing the bene cution whatsoever, against any officer of his majesty's navy, fit of this act ot in the service of the customs, excise, or salt, or other per for

fen who shall have aided or^assisted any such officer, for or ady thing concerning any act, matter, or thing, done or committed by done in regard

a them, to matters

.

470 Anno vicesimo octavo GEORG 11 III C 38. (>?»

hereby dir them, or any of theta, on occasion of, or for, or by reafofev charged, they means Of any of the offences, frauds, tnifijemeanofs, or aim wncfai?ffue.c malters or l^*ngs intended to be released and discharged If h*this art, such claim'is and shall be deemed to be an a.

discharge and reieafe to every such officer, or other person, of*and from all and. every such artions, suits, and profecutiousj and such officer and other person may plead the general in and give the special matter in evidence; and the said of cer or other person shall recover his costs of suit agaioft fk, person or persons so bringing or commencing such action or prosecution.

a&nottoex XC Provided also, and be it enabled. That nothing io this 1 t^nd to the art contained shall extend, or be oondrued to extend, to4f» any fdzure^of carse or release any seizures of wool, or any other the wool etc! or herein before enumerated anicles, or of any ships, ve$b» any profccu boats, horses, wagons, carts, carriages, or other thing what tion now de soever, or any prosecution now depending for the forfeiture rf In rrt^rt^to* wo or any otllcjr l^c herein before enumerated ar such parts of tic, cs vessels, boats, horses, wagons, carta, carriage,

fines as be or other thing, under any act or acts of parliament now along

to the force, againd the exportation of live sheep, wool, or any qthcr

informer; the herein before enumerated articles, nor to acquit Icafe, or discharge any judgement or judgements, where the f V moneys or other things recovered have been actually levied, or the body or bodies of the offender or offenders now in ctifio dy, or which have been taken in execution before the making of this art, nor to acquit, reiease, or discharge any infatuation which has been already entered, or any artion or fat which has been already commenced or brought, against any person or persons, for the recovery of any penalty, fine, or forfeiture, incurred by any offence committed by him or them againd any such art or arts of parliament, verdirt or verdiffs obtained, or judgement or judgements recovered thereon, ia refpert to such part thereof as belongs to or has been ufuadj allowed and paid to the officer of his majesty's navy, or ia tbc'service of the cudoms, excise, or salt, (at whose indance the

prosecution is or was carried on), according to the mode in which such suit or suits hath or have been commenced and car but such suits tied oh; but such information, salt, verdirt or verdirts, or may be pro judgement or judgements, shall and may be proceeded upon as seeded on. originally commenced, entered, and proceeded upon, without any alteration in the proceedings upon such information, salt, verdirt or verdirts, judgement or judgements, for the recovery in due course of law of such part of the penalty or forfeiture incurred, as belongs to or has been usually allowed and paid to such officer of his majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs, excise, or salt, at whose instance the prosecution is or was carried on, according to the mode in which such suit or suits hath or have been carried on.

XCI And be it further cnarted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That in case any artion, suit, or information shall be com adiow. menced,

1^88.] Ahno vicesimo octavo geoaouiii. 0.3$; 47 r

tncneed, brought, and prosecuted on account of the seizure of ai»f ship, vessel, or boat, wagon, cart, carriage, horse, or ot£er beast of burden, or of any sheep, wool, woolfels, wool, more lings, fhortlings, worked, bay or woollen yarn, ohaels, or wool nightly manufactured, or mattrafles or beds ftjuffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing or card ikig, fullers earth, fulling clay, of tobacco pipe clay, as illegally carried or exported, or intended or attempted to be exported, or for any matter, cause, or thing dorie, committed or executed by virtue of this actor any clause or article herein contained, such action shall be commenced within sit months after the committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the proper county where the fact Was done or committed j and the person or persons so sued may file common bailor enter a common appearance, and plead the general issue not guilty and may give thi* ad, apd the special mat General issue ter, in evidence at the trial, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if upon the trial it shall appear to be so done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or if the said plaintiff or plaintiffs, or prosecutor, shall become nonftiit, or fusses discontinuanefe, 'or if upon demurrer judgement be giveit against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants in any such case shall, treble Costs, which he or they shall sustain by his of Treble costi.. their defence to such adliort or suit; ahd that in case any in If in any ac formation shall be commenced and brought to trial oh account tionfof asci of any seizure which shall be made under or by virtue of this b^fosnd^ wherein a verdict shall be found for the daimer thereof, the claimer, knd it shall appear to the judge or court before whom the same be shall not shall be tried that there was a probable calife of seizure, the be entitled to judge or court before whom the said information shall be tried, ^vprobsi^ shall certify on the recced that there was a probable cause for ca f the profecutor's making such seizure, iri such Case the defendant making it, shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatever, nor shall the etc. person or persons who made any such seizure be liable to any adtioft, ihdidtirienr, or other suit or ptofecution, on account thereof; and that in case afty adiioft, indictment, or other prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial against any person or persons whatfoeves, which shall be made under ot by virtue of this act, wherein a verdict shall be given against the defendant or defendants, if the courr or judge before whom such action or prosecution shall be tried shall certify on thfi said record that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the ship or goods which shall happen to be seized, or the value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit, nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

Vot. XXXVI II Cap.

by

47*

Anno vicesimo octavo georgii IL c.39. [1788.

CAP. XXXIX

An act to allow the importation of rum, or other spirits, from bh Majesfs colonies or plantations in the West Indies, into the province of Quebec, without payment of duty, under certain conations and rejiriftions.

Preamble. T XT H E R E A S, by an act made and passed in the fourteenth year W of the reign of his present Majesty a duty ofsixpence is tm pofcd on every gallon cf rumy or other spirits, which Shall he imparted or brought into any part of the province of Quebec, from any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in the West Indies: and whereas it WU greatly tend to encourage a proper commercial intercourse between the said province and the said coionics, if rum, imported into the said province in any flap or vessel which shall carry from tbenccy and land in anf of his majtly's sugar colonies in the West Indies, a cargo if lumber or pjcvisions, horses or neat cattle, was exempt from payment of the said duty: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent roajesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual X ani temporai> and commons, in this present parliament af which carried sembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after lumber, etc. the first day of August one thousemd seven hundred an eighty rom Quebec eight, in all cases where any rum, or other spirits, being toe indies^he h pro^uce or manufacture of any of the said colonies in the West voyage, to be Indits % shall be legally imported or brought into the said province permitted to from any of the said coionics, in any ship or vessel which, in import, duty her Jaft preceding voyage, shall have carried to, and landed in, free, into that any of tfoe fgjj coionics, a cargo of lumber and proviftens, quantity of horses or neat cattle, from the ftid province, it shall and may rum equal to be lawful to admit to an entry and land any quantity of such rum the value of or spirits, not exceeding in value the cargo of lumber or previ the lumber, f]0nsj horses or neat cattle, so carried and landed, without pay ctc. ocarrie. ment of the duty of f]xpence per gallon.

Sfiipscarrying II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the in all cases where any rum or other spirits, being the produce or the fa d pro ° manufa<^urc of any of the said colonies in the West Indies, shall vince, and be legally imported or brought into the said province from any loading there of the said coionics, in any ship or vessel which, in her next with lumber, clearing out from the said province after such importation, shall mitted to en"oa<^ a car lumber or provisions, horses or neat carter, duty free, tien the province, and shall carry to and land the same in a quantity of some of the said coionics, it dull and may be lawful toadraitto rum equal to an entry and land any quantity of such rum or spirits, not ex ihe said him ceet^n§ D vahie the cargo of lumber or provisions, horses or hfr< on K; ving neat cattle so loacted, without payment of the said duty of six bondasherem pence per galion; provided always, That the owner or owners of mentioned, such last mentioned ship or vend, which shall so as aforesaid have legally imported such rum or other spirits, or in case of such owner or owners not residing in the said province, the matter o person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, together with one or more fuftkient sureties refitting within the said province, shall, before such rum or other spirits shall

be

j'

473

t78s.j Anfio vicesimo odafo geofton III C 39.

be so admitted to an entry without payment of the said defy, give bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be taken bf the two principal officers of the customs there, in the penal sum of fice hundred pounds, with condition that the said ship ot vessel shall, in her next clearing o6t from the said province after such importation, be laden with a cargo of lumber or provisions horses or neat cattle, equal in value to the rum or spirita so admitted to an entry, without payment of the said duty as aforesaid; that the said lumber or provifionrs, horses or neat cattle, shall be carried to and landed in some of the said colonies in the fest Indies

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That the value of the rum or other spirits so admitted to an entry Rum and

as aforesaid, and the value of the cargo of lumber or provifrons, lumber to bd Kories or neat cattle, so loaded as aforesaid in the said province, ableu thee'" shall respectively be estimated and computed according to the va annexed febe luations contained in the schedule annexed to this a. dule.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, Valuations in with the advice of his privy council, by order or orders to be if theschedule sued and published from lime to time, to alter the valuations b contained in the said schedule whenever it shall appear necessary Majesty ra or proper, upon any representation or report made by the go council? vernor and council of the said province.

The SCHEDULE mentioned and referred to in this aper

cwb

J C s. d.

Sterling.

Flour, ft soft, i — — 1 0 10 9?

2d sort,0 7 4f

Biscuit — — — — — 10 63

Wheat - — - 0 3 o'

Peas — — 2 9

Oats — 0 1 1

Barley 0 2 o r

Flax seed 0 3 0

Potatoes e 1 6j

Fresh beef —*— 6 6 i

fr$(h pork»—»— 0 0 4j

T urkey s — — 6 I 9

Oak timber squared, per cubic foot o D plank 3 to 4 inches thick, per 0 6

square foot 0 0 3

D ditto 1* to. 2 inches 0 0 2

per Winctufler bufhcl.

each, per foot

do. do.

Barrel staves, fit for the West Indies, 3 feej 6 inches long, 4

inches broad, and t inch thick 4 (0 o p£f thousand feet; Heacting, 2 feet 6 inches long, 5 to 6 inches broad, and 1 inch thick

Squared pine timber — —

4 10 o per thousand feet, o 0 2 per cubic foot.

I i a Pine

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III c.40. xl/m* Pine boards, 12 feet long, 1 inch y

thick, 12 inched broad 226 per thousand feet,

D -- -- -- -- -- 15 feet long, 1 inch

thick, 12 inches broad 2 15 o per thousand feet

Do -- -- -- -- -, g feet long, ; nch

thick, and 12 inches broad 3 10 o per thousand

Do -- -- -- -- -- 10 feet long, 1 inch

thick -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 1150 per thousand feet

Do -- -- -- -- -- 12 feet long, 2 inches

thick — 3 7 6 per thousand fact

Hoops, 12 feet long -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 300 per thousand feet.

Shingles -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 012 o per thousand fact.

Windward islands jvejl India rum o 19per gallon.

2amalca rum -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 020 per gallon.

orfes -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 15 o o per head.

Neat cattle 8 o o per head.

CAP. XL

An act for giving relief to such persons as have fiiffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, is consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government; and for making compensation to such perfostis have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cessionoftfc province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Preamble. Reciting 13 Geo. 3. C 80. 25geo. 3. C 76. t6 Geo. j.c.it and7 Geo. 3. C 39- By Jan. 1, 1789, the commifroners appointed to inquire into the loires of American fuffererstotranfmitto the treasurythe names of those who shah have produced satisfactory proofs of their loflffr with the amount of the same; deducing therefrom the proportions herein mentioned, and the fuuis paid on account; viz. 101, percent, for above io, oool. where sofa more than 35, 0001. 15b percent, for above

10, 0001. where sofa not more than 50.0001. sol. percent, for all above

10, 0001. where loss more than 50, 000!. Also from those resident if Great Britain, and loyal Bvitish proprietors, sot. percent, of all above

lo.oool. if loss above 50, 0001, and 701. .percent, for all above to, cool, if loss more than ioo, oool. and all money received before first of Jaa. 1789; andthecommifitioner8 appointed toenquire into the lodes offufferen by the cession of East Florida, to transmit an account of their Losses, deducing therefrom what has been already paid. Treasury toautbmifc the exchequer to make forth orders for the sums fet again ft the nanesdf tnc sufferers respectively. Orders to carry 31.10 s. interest from July 5, 2788. Principal and interest to be paid off by half yearly infulroerts; the first to be April 5, 1789. Orders to be afhgnable. Treasury to direct payment, on April 5, 1789, of all orders under 50!. cotnmtffiodcn to deliver certificates to the sufferers, of the sums to which they are entitled, to be transmitted to the treasury. See. Orders to be numbered arithmetically. Powers of the malt a & for 1788 to extend to the orders to be made out under this act, except the rate of interest. Tnrtfunr may cause new orders, to be made out in lieu of such as may be defaced. Treasury may order persons employed in the execution of this act, Ac. to be paid out of the supplies, etc. for the years 2789, 1790, 1791, 1791. >793*794. 1795 and 1796. Deficiency of aid to pay orders, may be Supplied out of the.conforidated fund. Money so Blued out of thgcoo folidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Persons counterfeiting orders, etc. to suffer death.

CAP.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 41 — 44. CAP. XU.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to the moll noble Aubrey duke of Saint Albana.

Preamble. Geo. 3. C Si. recited. His Majesty may grant an annuity of 1000i. to the duke of Saint Albans, from Feb. 16, 1787, to Oft. 10, 1803. Grant under this all not to restrain his Majesty from giving any other pen lions.

CAP. XLIL

All ah for obviating a doubt in an act, made in the tvrenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for settling and teeming a certain annuity for the ule of lady Maria Carlton, wife of sir Guy Carlton, knight of the moult honourable order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Tonnes of the said sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent services performed by him to his Majesty and this country.

Preamble. 26 Geo. 3. C s3 recited. The annuity intended to lady Maria Carlton, (now Dorchester) Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, for their lives and the life of the survivor. The annuity granted by the recited act, to be payable during the lives of lady Dorchester, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, and the life of the survivor.

CAP. XLIJI.

An act for obviating a doubt in an all. made In the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, 'An act to enable hi Majesty to grant a certain annuity to Brook Watson esquire, late com imssary general in North America, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services in that office.

Preamble. 26 Geo* 3. C 93. recited. The annuity granted by the recited all to be payable from January it, 1784, to Brook Watson, C in trull for Helen Watson, during her life.

CAP. XLIV

An act for appointing commissioners further to inquire into the losses and services'of all such persons who haive suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Preamble. 23 Geo. 3. C 80. Commissioners, John Wilmot, esquire, colonel Robert Kingston, colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh, Jeremy Pemberton, and Robert Mackenzie, esquires. Commissioners to be fvrora. The oath:

I A. B. do swear, That, according to the bell of my skill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several powers and trusts veiled in me by an act, entitled, "An act for appointing commissioners further to inquire into the loftes and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and pro frifions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in confluence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government, " according to the tenor and purport of the said all.

Commissioners may examine parties on oath. Commissioners to meet, and to send for persons or papers, to appoint clerks, etc. Persons delivering in fraudulent claims to be excluded from any compensation. Persons riving false evidence to be liable to the penalties of purjury. commis uoners may appoint persons to travel In America to inquire intp falls. Commissioners in England after August 1, and commissioners in America after December i, 1788, not to proceed in claims presented, ex

1 i 3 cept..

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 45, 46. [1788,

cept to complete such As shall have been proceeded on previous totbofe

Jcriods respectively. Memorials presented to the treafory previous to one 3, 1788, by persons who furniifaed provisions to the nary and army in America, etc. to betranfmitted to the commissionejs. Conamiffioecn may receive the claims of the persons herein named: Robert lord Fairfax, John Penn the elder, John Penn the younger, lady Juliana Pole widow of Thomas Penn, Richard Penn, William Atkinson, Brobson, Thomas Cobham, George Dundafs and Ann his wife, Walter King, Grace Farley, major Ralph Phillips, Ann Fiiilayfau, Robert Taalfe, Junes Higgins, Bartholomew Henery, John Po'son, Hugh Potion, and lieutenant colonel Thomas Young, to be proved on oath. Com missionerg to inquire into the claims of futterers by the cession of Georgia to the Americans Commissioners to give an account of their proceedings to the treasury and secretaries of state. Treasury to pay 4000l to the commissioners; for paying clerks, etc, Commissioners may receive half pay on taking the following oath:

AB. do swear, That I had not, between any place

or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, be tides such compensation as shall have been or may be made to measacoa* missioner for inquiring into the lodes and Services of all such perfbni who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

In case of the death, etc. of acommiqioner during the recess of parliament, his Majesty may appoint another. Continuance of this as one year from Jfuly 15, 1788.

cap. XIV

An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Preamble. From pading this act, no hay to be shipped for exportation. Penalties for offences against this act, hay forfeited and also tool, per toa penalty. Penalties to be applied, one moiety to the King and the oiber to the prosecutor, and to be recovered by altion or information in coons of record in England and Wales, and in courts of feffiotta in Scotland. Hay, discovered on board any vessel, and not entered for exportation on June o, 1788, may be seized, with the vefitel, etc. Hay, for support of the cattle in a ship, may be Carried therein; or to Ireland, when the exportation thereof from that kingdom is prohibited, on bond being given to land it there, etc. Hay may be carried coastwise, on security being given, etc. His Majesty in council may direlt hay for the use of the cattle at Gibraltar to be exported. His Majesty, by prociaimtioa, etc. may permit the exportation of hay. Bargains made for hay (if too tonnes) after May 24, 1788, may be declared void prior to July i, 178!. Continuance of this act for one month after commencement of next session

CAP. XLVI

ftn act for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties pey* able in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, 1vojb, and 'other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the exportation of british made spirits from England 1$ Scotland, and from Scotland to England 5 and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of

other

4 77

'Anno ricesimo o#avo georgii III C 46.

other duties in lieu thereof: and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for dhcontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the west Indies.

WHEREAS it is expedient that spirits made in that part ef Prca able,

M, Great Britain called England, for exportation to that part

: af Great Britain called Scotland, and spirits made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, /> exportation to that part of Great Britain called England, Should be made and exported under the rules, regulations, reflrift'ioni, and provisions herein after in that behalf provided and that the several duties of excise by this all granted Should be imposed; and alj'o that the fveral rules, regulations, refit ic thus, and provisions herein after contained for securing the due pay merit of the aid duties, and for preventing, detecting) and punishing frauds relating thereto, Should be provided; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

M'hat, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven Fori year hundred and eighty eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, )u, y V and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and dor fowineduties ing the term of one year, to be computed and reckoned from to he levied in the fat'd fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty Scotland, viz. eight, the several duties of excise herein after mentioned; (that is to say).

For and upon every galion, English wine measure. of the For every gal cubical content of each and every still, including the head, which n English of shall be used or employed in that part of Great Britain called of^used* Scotland for the making of low wines or spirits from corn, for making grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor made low wine, etc. or brewed from ahy sort of British materials, or any mixture from therewith, the sum of three pounds: ma ena 9*3

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu For every bical content of each and every still, including the head, which for

shall be used or employed in that part of Great Britain called making low Scotland, for making low wines or spirits from melafles or sugar, wines from or any mixture therewith, the sum of five pounds: melasses, 5i.

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the "jj for every cubical content ofeach and every still, including the head, which fhofc used for shall be used or employed in that part of Great Britain called making low Scotland, for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wines from wine, or foreign cyder, or wall prepared from foreign materials, foreign re (except melafles and sugar), or any mixture therewith, the sum di, nc of six pounds;

Which said respective duties shall be paid by the person or persons, and at the respective times, and in the manner herein after mentioned.

114 II And

by,

47«

No person to erect or work a (till) in sect land, without taking out a licence.

and paying a proportion of the duty, as herein after directed.

licences to be registered at the excifeoffice in edinburgh.

No licence to be granted for wafti stills of a less content than 50 galions, nor for any wash till on less there be licensed with it a low wine (till of one fourth of its contents.

Distiliers, obtaining licences poftc riorto July 5, 1788, may prepare worts, but notdifti) low wines, prior to the time fixed by licences.

Anno vicesimo octavo gborgii III C 46. [ 17 % %

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatever shall, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons whatever employed bf him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use or benefit; bred, fct up, or work any still or stills for the dialling, nub ing, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits from malt or cora, or any of the materials aforesaid, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out a licence or licences foe that purpose; which licences shall be granted by such person or persons in Scotland commissioners of his majesty's treafory, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall authorifcaod appoint for that purpose, and which person or persons shall be under and subject to the order and control of the commifltanett of excise in Scotland, in such manner as the said com midi oners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer shall dire, and which licences the said person or persons, so authorised is and are here? by directed and enjoined to grant to all persons who shall apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the same, ten dqys at fcaft before he, fhb, or they shall so ered, setup, or work any fuefc still or stills, and first paying into the hands of the proper officer of excise, such proportion of the yearly rate or duty hereby imposed as herein after is directed, according to the content or capacity of the still or stills foto be erected, setup, or worked af aforesaid: provided always. That no such licence, nor any other licence to be granted by virtue of this act, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be of force or effect until the same shall be produced to the commissioners of excise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and duly registered at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, in such manner as the said commis (ioners shall direct: provided also, That it shall not be lawful to grant any such licence for or in respect of any wash still which (including the head) shall not be of the content or capacity of fifty gallons English wine measure, or of a greater content or capacity; nor shall it be lawful to grant any such licence for or in respect of any wash still whatever, unless there shall at the same timb be licensed therewith a low wine still of a content or capacity (including the head) not less than one fourth part of the content or capacity of such wall still.

III Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any distiller or distiliers, after obtaining such licence as aforesaid, and not having been licensed within the year ending the fifth day of Jufyone thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, under an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prepare worts, wah, or tilts for the space of ten days before the time fixed by any such licence for commencing distillation: also, That such distiller or distiliers, not having been (b licensed as aforesaid, shall not begin to distill any low wines or spirits previous to the time fixed by such licence for that purpose, upon pain of incurring all the penalties and forfeiture? by

479

r788.I Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 46.

his al directed to be inflicted on persons working with unli cnfcd ft ills.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Licence to

That every licence to be granted by virtue of this act, shall con July

linuc in force from the time of granting thereof until the fifth 5, 1789. day of yulj onc.thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and

no longer.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall erect, setup, work, make personsered use of, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, any io?!elc* u (fill or flills for the drilling, making or manufacturing of low ^ncetofor wines or spirits from malt or corn, or any other of the materials fritool. and aforesaid, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without the (tills, etc. first taking out such licence as is herein before directed, he, (he, or they shall respectively forfeit for every such ft ill the sum of two hundred pounds, together with all and every such (fill and (fills, with the tubs and utensils thereto belonging; and all materials for brewing or manufacturing worts, wail, low wines or spirits, in the poifcffion of such person or persons, and all and every such dill and (fills, tubs, utensils, and materials, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers or excise.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That upon or previous to the granting of any such licence, the Duty for k person or persons applying for thp same shall, before he, (he, or CC in ad they shall be entitled to such licence, pay down in advance in Sance, as*money to the proper officer of excite appointed to feceive herein mcn* the same, the proportion of the duty from the fifth day of July tioned. one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, to the day of granting such licence; and also one (ixth part of the duty by this act imposed for or in respect of his, her, or their (fill or (fills specified in such licence, and shall afterwards at the expiration of the first two months, and so afterwards at or before the end of every two months, pay down in ready money in advance, a further sixth part of the said duty, until the whole thereof shall be fully paid.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no person or persons shall be capable of taking out or re Persons apply

ceiving any such licence as aforesaid, save only the actual owner

or owners of the (fill or (fills intended to be worked by virtue that the tolls

thereof, and of the implements thereto belonging 5 and every arc their own

person or persons demanding such licence, shall take and fub property, etc.

feribe an oath before one or more of the commissioners of excise

in Scotland, or any justice of the peace for the county in which

he, (he, or they shall happen to reside, (and which oath such

commissioners or justice are and is hereby empowered to administer),

that the said (fill or (fills, and implements, are his, her,

or their own property, and that the work intended to be carried

on is at his, her, or their risque, and on his, her, or their own

account; and in every such licence which shall be granted by Particulars to

virtue of this act, there shall be expressed and specified the fpccificdin

christian name or names and the surname or surnames of the llccncc#*

person

4&0

Wash Rills may be used as spirits (tills, and contrariwise, on giving notice to the officer.

Licences not to be granted to rectifiers, brewers, or victuallers

Di (tiliers, whilelicensed, carrying on the trade of a brewer or victualler, to forfeit aool.

rectificr* not to carry on trade m brewers, con a penalty of aool.

New bills may

be erected in lieu of such as may be destroyed, of the

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C 46. [17#*

person or persons to whom the same shall be refpe£hvely graft CD the place or places of his, her, or their respective refidend^. and the name of the particular place and parish where fbch fit ' or (tills are intended to be setup, erected, and used, togdfffti with the respective di mention or gauges of such (till or { and declaring for what particular use each respective (till wifi tended to be employed, whether it be for the distillation of M wines, or for the distillation of wash; and if for the distilla&n of wah, fpccifying from what materials such wail shall be prepared, and also specifying the sum or sums paid for the mtf9 and the times when the future payments shall respectively bb* come due, and when such licence will cease and expire.

VIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no words contained in any such licence shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent any distiller from using his or her wall) (till in distilling of (Jpuits,his or her spirits still or low wines (till in distilling of wah, profited that previous notice.thereof has been given by the diftidcfife the proper officer of excise, and that the cause for such alteradoft has been truly stated in the said notice.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority afcfrdaid, That it shall not be lawful for the pfcrfon or persons auth rifed to grant licences as aforesaid, to grant to any rectifier or compounder of spirits, or to any common brewer or vi&ualkr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, any licence for work ing, ereeling, or keeping of any (till or dills for the diftilfingof wah or low wines, so long as he, (he, or they doth or fnib continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the business of reclifier or compounder of spirits, or common brewer or vichal* ler for brewing or selling of beer or ale in Scotland: and if any person or persons, licenled as a distiller or distillers under tto act, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall at any time or times, during the time that his, her, or their licence or licences shall be in force, carry on, or be directly or indirc&y concerned or interested in, the trade or business of a common brewer or victualler, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall at one and the same time carry on the trade or business of a rectifier or compounder of spirits with that of a common brewer or victualler, pr of a rectifier, compounder, common brewer or victualler, with that of a distiller or maker of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or (haine directly or indirectly concerned or interested therein, every such person, for every such offence, shall forfeit and iofc the him of two hundred pounds.

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforebid, That if any Still or (tills, to be so licensed as aforesaid, shall, during the continuance of such licence, by any unavoidable accident be destroyed, and rendered unfit for use, the owner thereof shall immediately give notice in writing of such accident tb

the

788.3 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 46. 481

northeast proper supervisor, or officer of excise of the division or disproportions ridl, and make proof by his or her own oath, or by the oath f same other credible person, to the satisfadiion of such super 10nc'ifor or officer, that thededruclion of such (lil! was wholly acci leritly, and not intentional, and thereupon shall be at liberty ortbwith, after such notice and affidavit, to erect a new dill or lilts, the capacity or content of which, including the head, hall not exceed ten gallons English wine measure, for every lundred gallons of the content of the former dill or dills so proved to have been dedroyed and rendered unfit for use: and in case such new erected dill or dills be not of a larger capacity or content than the said former dill or dills respectively, it shall be lawful for such owner to work the same during the term to come and unexpired of his or her subsiding licence or licences, without takihg out any new licence for that purpose: if such new An additional erected dill or dills shall be of a larger capacity or content re duty to be fpedlively than the said former dill or dills, not exceeding the fncreased^on proportion aforesaid, the owner thereof shall immediately ad tents of new vance and pay down additional duty according to the increased dills, capacity or content of such new dill or dills, for the unexpired term of his or her subsiding licence or licences.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That when and so often as the property and poftcffion of any LI Notice of the censed dill or dills in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, change of shall be really and bona side changed during the continuance of this act, the person or persons becoming entitled thereto shall gjvcn to the forthwith, after such change of property and possession, and be officer of CX fore any such dill or dills is or are by him, her, or them, at rise, tempted to be charged or worked, give notice thereof in writing to the proper supervisor or officer of excise of the division or didridt within which such dill or dills shall be situated, and shall thereupon, and upon making'oath before a judice of the peace, of his, her, or their actual property therein, be permitted to work fudh licensed (till or dills for the unexpired term of the fub (iding licence for (he same, upon the lame conditions as are expressed and specified in such licence.

XIII Provided always, That if upon any such change of Noticemuftbe

property and possession of or in any such licensed dill or dills, of a

the person or persons becoming entitled thereto, and making {jc^fe/itill, oath as aforesaid, shall not top desirous of working such dill or if he does not dills, such person or persons mall, within three days after his or jtitcndtowork their title thereto shall have accrued and been verified as afore lt ctc>

said, signify the same in writing to the proper supervisor or officer of excise of such division or didritft; and shall deposit with such officer the head or heads belonging to such dill or dills, and also such of the utensils belonging thereto as such supervisor or officer shall feletft, in order to render such dill or dills incapable of being used; and such dill or dills shall not be again used until a new licence shall be granted for that purpose; and the duty which would have become due for the unexpired term of the subsiding licence, to be computed from the time of giving

482 Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 46.

mg such notice as aforesaid, shall cease to be paid, but no date shall lie for re payment of any part of the duties which (hi have been paid in advance as aforesaid: and if any such perap. shall neglect or refuse 10 give such notice, or to make such act* j davit, or to deposit the head or heads, and such of the uteoflf» j of his or her still or dills as is herein before mentioned and I rented, every such person, for every such neglect or refufifc shall forfeit and lose tlve sum of two hundred pounds.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority afarc£j % Persons ncg That if any person or peifons, duly licensed as aforesaid, in the duties re ncg*e<^ refuse to pay the said duties imposed by this act, sat gularly, or or in respect of any licensed (till or fttlls, or any part thereel^b working un advance, in the manner, and at the time or times dirc&e& % licensed dills, thjs a.. jf any person Qr persons shall erect, work, or aih o or ei aool. ue Of any otj)er ftjjj or (kills in that part of Great Britain cam Scotland, except such as shall be specified in his, her, or tint licence or licences, whether of the same or of any different*feription, capacity, or content, than shall have been (o fpedft*

ed, such still or stills shall be forfeited, and shall and may seized by any officer or officers of excise j and every such perftw or persons (nail also forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds.

_ XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforefini^

w" son % not that if any redtifier or compounder, dealer in, or retailer ei being licensed spirits, or any chemist, druggist, or perfumer, or any perfifti drftiliers, who whatever, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland otter Hull distill, etc. than a licensed distiller, shall have in his, her, or their cutoff or possession, any worts, wah, tilts, or other fermented iiqoar; capable of being distilled into low wines or spirits, or shall dip or extract any low wines or spirits from worts, wah, tilts, com, melasses, sugar, cyder, refused wines, or other liquor, eray such person or persons, so being in pofteflion of any such na serials prepared or fit for the purpose of being distilled into low wines or spirits, shall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds ht every gallon of such worts, wash, tilts, or other fermcoua liquors.

XVI Provided also, and be it further enacted by the a&tbo no person to rity aforesaid, That no distiller or distiliers, maker or makers of boil wort, iow wines or spirits, shall boil, heat, or prepare, by means of otherveflel' rc> ay worls» wah, or liquor, made from any of the maieri thana licensed als aforesaid, in any copper, vessel, or other utenlil whatever still, on penal other than a licensed still, after such worts, wah, or liquor lias ty of aool. been fermented, but that all worts, wah, liquor, or other materials, shall, after fermentation, be fairly put into his, her, or their licensed still or stills, without having undergone booing, heating, or any preparation by means of fire, whereby the process of distillation may be shortened, accelerated, or attempted to be shortened or accelerated, on pain of forfeiting the sum of two hundred pounds for every such offence.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority afareiaid,

No chemist. That no person or persons, during the continuance of this etc. to user 5 shall

*ool. pemlty for negudt.

k 7b8.] Anno vicesimo octavo gfeorgu III C 45. 4 83

qiaji carry on the trade or buiincfs of a chemist, druggist, or (fills without perfumer, or any other trade or business requiring the use of any licence;

HU or stills (except that of a rectifier or compounder of spirits) in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking oat. a licence for that purpose, from the person or persons nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and which licence the said person or persons shall and is and are hereby required to grant accordingly to every such person applying for, 'the same, upon the payment of such fee for the same as is herein afrer directed to be paid for such licence, but free from the payment of every duty of excise; and every such licence so granted shall specify the christian name or names, and the surname or surnames, trade atid business of the person or persons thereby licensed, and the place where such trade or business is intended to be carried on, and the number of his, her, or their respective (fill or (tills, and the Capacity or content thereof respectively; and no chemist, nor to hare druggist, or perfumer, or other person or persons (except as stills of a aforesaid) shall use or have in his, her, or their custody or pof greater capa session, in that part of Great Britaincalled Scotland, any (till or gan0lns*n0a0 (tills of any greater capacity or content than that of fifty gallons penalty of engujh wine measure, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of two aool. hundred pounds.for every such (till; and every such licence shall remain and continue in force, from the date thereof until the fifth day of July which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; and if any such che Chemisti, etc. mist, druggist, perfumer, or other person or persons (rectifiers uf}ds and compounders excepted) shall use any (till or stills for anya^ccuetc to purpose whatever, without first taking out such licence for theaf0rfcjt'10oi# same, or shall make use of any other (till or (tills than such as shall be specified in such licence, or shall make use of any such licensed (till or (tills at any place other than the place which shall be specified in the said licence, or in any house or place other than his, her, or their usual dwelling, or known place of carrying on his, her, or their trade and business, every such person or persons shall respectively forfeit and lose the fpm of two hundred pounds for every such offence.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That for and upon the content or capacity of every (till of one fee*tobepaid

hundred and twenty galions, or upwards, for which any licence qn taking out

shall be granted under and by virtue of this act, in that part of liccncc8

Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be paid, by the person

or persons taking out such licence, a see after the rate of one

penny per galion; and for every other licence to be granted by

virtue of this act, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, a

see of five Shillings; feesshall be received by and belong

to the officer or officers, or other person or persons appointed to

grant such licences as aforesaid; the person or persons who

shall beintitled to the benefit of jthe said fees shall also keep an

exact register of all the licences which shall be granted by virtue

of this act, specifying the number and particulars of each.

XIX Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by

the

484. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 46. [1fl/l

Licences for the authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made appear, to t ftiilsofgreater fetisfaftion of the said com million ers of excite, that any ugdtt 5opgauon8 proce^cs or experiments in chemistry, in that part of Gnrt may be grant Britain called Scotland, shall require a still or (tills of greater odfa CD to carry on tent or capacity than that of fifty galions, Engltjb wine meafifl % chemical ex^it shall and may be lawful to and for the said cod £"ment8' missioner to authorise and direst a licence to be granted to Act owner or owners o such chemical work or works, to use, nr the purposes aforesaid, a still or stills of larger content or capaehf than as aforesaid; which licence shall be in force from the did thereof until the fifth day. of July which shall be in the ycarof our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and far each such licence a see of five Shillings, and no more; shaft fa paid to the person or persons, officer or officers, appointed*aforesaid; and which said chemical work, ifspecified in the order of the commissioners and in such licence, to be (cent works, shall not be liable to visitation by any officer or often of excise, excepting only under the conditions and limitatkmf according to which the chemical works which are or (hril fa carried on by Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adoi nistrators, or assigns, (hay or can be lawfully visited and examined, as herein after mentioned and expressed.

XX Provided alio, and be it further enacted by the autbo i !f urcr for tlt7 aforesaid, That if, upon any such visitation or examination,

rits to^for* ^oun<* lat any w oc l*r8cr

feited, and tenc or capacity, has or have been used in the distilling CD fpwits,

also aool. low wines, or wah, worts, or tilts prepared from any of tbt

materials aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of

the said order and licence, such still or stills, and all the utcofijf

thereto belonging, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fmdi

by any officer or officers of excise, and the owner or owaai

thereof shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers may That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers boufcs.^and °* exc, k, in Part f Great Britain called Scotland, to enter any wort or by day or night into the still house, or other place or plaoes stills found in where any still or stills (whether the same be licensed or riotii preparation censed) shall be kept, worked or used, or where any worts, wafhy thfc act to i°w w»nes, or spirits, are prepared, drftilied, or kept, and to be forfeited, examine the same; and in case any still or stills shall be there and also a obi. found in a state of preparation for being worked, the same net having been duly licensed, or in case any worts, wah, low wines or fpirjts, shall be there found contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such still or stills and the liquor therein, with all the utensils and implements thereto belonging or therewith used, and also such worts, wash, low wines, and spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and the person or persons in whole custody or possession any such still, worts, wash, low wines, or spirits shall be found, shall forfeit two hundred pounds.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

C That

3 Anno vkegmo octavo Georgii III C 46, 485

no raw or uarectified spirits made from any of the materi No spirits to ttdaid for sale or corvfumption, in that part of Great - {* removed tiled Stotlaudy shall be removed or sent from the place of n^0^rma* aniafaxslure, without bein accompanied by a certificate without cer ibeft at such place, at the time of their removal, by the II tificate from I <fsffiller or maker thereof, or his known and auihorifed t|jc maker.*of expressing that the same were made by such II on psi ewtiller, specifying the kind and quantity of such spirits, ty of for imber of ca(ks or packages in which the same are contain feiturc. C person to whom and the place to which the same are to t9 and limiting a reasonable time within which the same see removed and received; and that all such spirits which hs removed or conveyed by land or by water, from one 1 Shetland to any other part in Scotland, without being aerated with such certificate, or which shall be found not to poad or agree therewith in all or any of the respects afore or Chall be found removing, or to have been removed con iiercto, or after the same hath been expired, shall, toge rirh the casks, vessels, or other packages containing the 'irit&g be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any of ir officers of excise.

nil. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid''permit or permits shall be requisite for the first removal pherlj1{.s for r or t|nrc<slified spirits, in that part of Great Britain called Jnoval of raw 1dp from the place or places where the same were made or spirits, not fiftsfared, to any other place or places whatsoever in that requisite. af, Great Britain Called Scotland anything in this or any or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. nv. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the rity aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained shall CX rr or see conjlrued to extend, to repeal, alter, or change, jjherefofee 8f or acts now in force for the surveying and keeping a re to survey8, account of the (locks of redtifiers and compounders, etc. rs In and retailers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain t Scotland, but that such rectifiers, compounders, dealers, etailers, shall remain subject to the surveys of the officers die, and to all other rules and regulations, made and pro i by any law now in force, relative to redlifiers, com ders dealers, or retailers, saving and excepting that such Sera and compounders, as well as makers or distiliers, in part of Great Britain called Scotland, may send out, and that re&iiiers and compounders may receive british made s, of whatever (trength he, (he, or they may think proper, onfumption or sale in that part of Great Britain called Scot

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t every officer of excise who shall, in that part of Great Bri Rewards to called Scotland, seize and bring to condemnation any dill by a made liable to seizure and forfeiture, (except in the calc lo^rlon^dif ch sell or (tills being seized on the discovery of any other covering Rills m in the manner herein after specified), shall be entitled to liable tofei

a re zurc> €tc*

486 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C 46. [178!,

2 reward of two Shillings and sixpence for every galen oftte content or capacity of such dill, including the head thereof, to be paid out of his majesty's duties of excise in Scotland, uponap order from the said commissioners of excise, Which order the said commissioners are hereby authorised and required to grant: provided nevertheless, that stich reward hall not exceed the sum of twenty-one pounds for any one dill To seized as aforesaid: if any person (not being an officer of excise) shall make difcovetr of any dill liable to seizure and forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the same shall be seized and condemned, fuel) person or perfaa> shall be entitled to a reward of one shilling and sixpence for even gallon of the capacity or content of such dill, to be paid on tli condemnation thereof; provided also, that such reward shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds arid ten Shillings for any one soil so forfeited as last aforesaid*the officer or officers of excite. by whom the same shall be seized, shall also be entitled to a reward of one shilling for every gallon of the content or capacity of such dill, so that such lad mentioned reward dlaii not, tot any one dill, exceed the sum of fen pounds and ten Shillings; artef that such several rewards shall be paid by the order of the said commissioners of excise as aforesaid; and if, by reason of the small size of any such dill or dills, the said commidhmers of excise shall think any of the rewards aforesaid insufficient, the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised to augment the same respectively, not exceeding the respecttve sums aforesaid.

Officers not XXVI And be it further enacted, That if arty offices ofex seizing stills cjfc (all, for the space of twenty-four hours after he shall hav after inform received information of any dill being unlawfully eccdted, used, or tion, to be dif kept, or of any wort, wadi, tilts, of low wines, prepared ami misled, etc.; intended to be unlawfully used in didilfation, wilfully neglcdtto seize the same respectively, every such officer so offending shall, upon complaint made thereof, and proof of the fact, to the satis faction of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, be difoiified from his or their office, and shall never afterwards be capable of ind the per tefving his Majesty in any office or place of trud whatever: and son making shall moreover forfeit and lose all such falarj as fhatl be due to the complaint him at the time of his dismission; and in calc the person or per fisr" ifhvaifo k complaint shall be the fafne person or persons

gave the in ° gave information as aforesaid to the officer or officers so formation, to dismissed, such person or persons shall be entitled to a reward of be paid is. 6d. one (lulling and sixpence for every gallon of the content or capa

Sbc contents^or»to pam ty le orc^er of the said

ofcthe stills*of excise out of the revenues of excise.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Still raafcers That every maker of stills, in that part of Great Britain called annuaf fi tan Scotland from and after fifth day of yufy one thousand

cence; to seven hundred and eighty eight, take out a licence from the of stamp their deer foto be authorised as aforesaid to grant the same, and shall stills, and give pay a see of five Shillings for such licence, and no more; and every such maker r makers shall Aamp his or their name or

'names,

Penalty on not giving notice.

1788.] Arno viedimo octavo g*o8gii HI. C 46. 487

names, and the progressive number, and the content or capacity they may be of, ^jr/ry still made by him, her, or them, upon the (boulder gaug'd.

andin order that the content of the said still or dills iw£ be diftirxf\ly ascertained, the said maker or makers shall,

Mjf Jre, (he, and they, is and are hereby required, within three os after finishing any still, to give notice to the officer of ex cjm of thedivision where such still hath beep so made, that the rate is ready to be gauged and stamped; and such officer is hereby required, within three days after such notification, to gauge ftlch still, and to grant a certificate, specifying the number, content, and maker's name or names of such still; and in c?fe any such maker or makers shall fail to give fuclr notice to the said officer as aforesaid, such maker or makers shall forfeit and pay the sum often Shillings for each gallon of the content or capacity of ttery such dill so made by him, her, or them.

xxviii. And be it further enaited by the authority afore fid, That if any person or persons shall import or bring any still Persons im 6r nifls in Scotland from that part of Great Britain called England, porting still ftrirom foreign parts, such person or persons shall, within three io^venotice lays after the arrival of such still or dills, give notice of the num to the officers, bet, (ize, and content of the same, and of the place where the on penalty of same is deposited, to the officer of tl>e division, diftriit, place, i°h» or bounds 5 and such officer shall, within twenty hours after the receipt of such notice, gauge and (lamp, or cause to be gauged 4ffld damped, the said still or dills, in the same manner as is herein before directed in the case of a still or dills being made in scmlend, and if the person or persons who shaft so import or being any dill or dills into Scotland, shall negleil or omit to give fcch notice thereof as aforesaid, he, (he, or they shall forfeit and Idle the sum of fifty pounds for every still so imported or brought; and in case any such still or dills shall be ereited without being ard any such previously gauged and marked by the proper officer of excise, eifery such dill or dills shall be forfeited and lost, and the owner gauged by the ahd owners thereof shall also forfeit and pay the dim of fifty officer, to be pounds, over and besides all other penalties and forfeitures to be forfeited, and incurred for the unlawful using the same: provided always, alo

Thaj nothing in this ail contained shall discharge or acquit any This a not distiller or other person from any penalty or forfeiture already to difcharge incurred under any former ait of aits for granting any duties 2eraijycform upon wqrts, wash, or other liquor, or other duties, or frotp pay Cr aits, etc. thfcnt of any arrears of such duties which, prior to the com nor to alter mencement of this ail, shall remain unpaid, nor shall anything any law now in this ail contained extend, or be construed to extend, to re JJJ, ^tof peal or alter any law or laws now in force, with refpeit to the Geo. j. making of British spirits for exportation to foreign parts, or to c.12.; repeal or alter any part of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for repealing fa much of an afty made in the lost Jetton of parliament, as relates to the qipuation of corn spirits in fmallfills > in certain counties or difrifts of the Highlands in that part of Gvtzx Britain called Scotland; and hr outborifing the commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant licences*Vol. XX^VJ. £ K*0

488 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii IH* C [

to persons, living in the said counties or diflrifls, todifiil/pints fnm barley, bar, or bigg, the growth of the said counties, ir impf

a duty on such licences), nor to prejudice the right and prm* lege granted to Archibald ear] of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, by an act passed in the twemy fifth or is Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An a fl for

s. vesting in Archibald earl Dundonald, his executors, admiuiflrs

tors, and aligns, the jole vje and property of a method of extrafling tr making tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, salts, and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majesfs dominions, frr a limited time).

XXIX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Earl of Dun authority aforesaid, That, notwithstanding anything in the && ^utoffice/anc mentlon?^ a contained, the said earl, his executors, ad account of ministrators, or assigns, shall be, and he or they is and are here his dills, etc. by required to deliver to the officer or officers of excise of the £

vision, district, place, or bounds, within which any of his of their said works or dills are or shall be erected, an account ia writing, specifying the number of his or their said stills, with a description of the same, and the purposes for which such fi3it were respectively erected; to any of his majesty's officers of excise, under the conditions and limitations herein after sped fied, at all lawful hours, to visit such work or works, and fuel dill or dills, and to examine, by all proper means, the liquor or matter coming from the said dill or dills; but not to open the said dill or dills, unless the said officer or officers shall not otherwise be allowed to examine he liquor or matter coming from the said dill or dills.

XXX Provided always, and be it further enabled by the Officernotto authority aforesaid, That it shall not be in the power of any of l^dthi ^ccr or °cers exc^e visitor infppd the said workhouseot workhousea workhouses, or the said dill or dills, or house or houses, or without an places thereto belonging, unless the said officer or officers shall order from have previoudy obtained an order from the commissioners of €* the commis cjfe? or the major part of them, in England andscotland respec

^vely, or shall proceed upon a signed information in writing, formation of and upon oath made and reduced also into writing, before any the stills he one or more of the said commissioners of excise, or before any k^dy one or more Majesty, sjustices f x^c peace, certifying that wore*the said works or dills in the said act described, in place of being bdna side used for the pdrpofes therein mentioned, are or have been used in extrading low wines or spirits from wort, wash, or other materials whatsoever; in which case such written inforpoa tlon, and oath, and warrant proceeding thereupon, shall be lodged if required with the manager of the said works so visited,

1 upon the said manager's granting a receipt for the same; and if the said dill or dills shall be at such visitation, or shall bare bees previoudy used after being'erected in the id works, for the pur; pose of diddling wash, worts, low wines, or spirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, such dill or dills, apd ytenfils belonging thereto, shall be seized and forfeited as

ynjiccuw

1788.7 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III ct unliccnfed Bills, and the owners and users thereof subjected to the pains and penalties in that behalf made and provided by this

XXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several rates and duties granted and imposed by any ict or as of parliament now in force upon any licence required to be taken by any dibiller or maker of spirits from corn, malt, or other materials, in Scotland, (save only and except any arrears now due in respect of such rates or duties), shall be discontinued for the space of one year.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That on the sixth day of July in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, an account shall be taken, by the proper officers of excise, of the Bock of Briiijb spirits then on hand at the several and respective licensed dibilleries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland \ and a return thereof shall be made in writing by such officers to the commissioners of excise in Scotland; and if such spirits, or any part thereof, thall be*intended to be sent into that part of Great Britain called England, notice thereof shall be immediately given to such officer or officers, by such dibiller or dibiliers, specifying therein the quantity and kind of spirits so intended to be sent into that part of Great Britain called England; and the said spirits, and every part thereof, shall thereupon be forthwith secured and locked up in a warehouse or warehouses, to be provided at the expense of such dibiller or dibiliers, and approved of by the said commissioners of excise in Scotland, each of which warehouses shall be secured under three locks and three keys, one of such loci^s to be provided by such dibiller, and the other two locks to be provided by the surveyor, supervisor, or officer of excise of the division or place where such spirits shall be locked up, at the expense of such dibiller or dibiliers, whereof one key of each place shall be kept by such dibiller or dibiliers, and another by such surveyor or supervisor, and the third by such officer of excise, until the same spirits and every part thereof shall be delivered out to be shipped for England as aforesaid, and the said spirits shall not be delivered or taken out thereform for any other purpose or purposes whatever, except as is herein after provided and excepted, nor without a permit or permits from the proper officer or officers of excise, certifying that the said spirits were made or dibilled before the said (ixth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and had been taken account of and locked up as aforesaid.

XXXIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all such spirits of which an account shall have been so taken, and which shall have been so secured as aforesaid, may be shipped for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, and cleared outwards at the cubom house of the port where the same shall be so shipped, at any time or times before the tenth day of Qdobir in th year on thousand seven hundred and eighty eight;

K k a and

4*9

Duty upon licences to distiliers, to be discontinued for a year.

On July 6, 1788, the stock of spirits at the licensed distillerie8 in Scotland, to be taken; and notice of any part thereof intended to be sent to England, to be given to the officer, which is to be locked up in the manner herein di reded, and not delivered without a permit.

Spirits so secured may be shipped and cleared ont any time before October 10, 1788;

49& Anno vitefimp oftavn georgii 1u. C 46. [ 1 ?8s.

and may be and shall and may be itap6rted to, and landed in that part of landcfublcag* Great Britain called England under the like rules, reftri&iom, teethe outies regulations, conditions and provisions, and subject and liable tt and regula the same duties, upon being brought into England, as is and are tions of7 contained in an act of parliament made in the rwenty fcvcmh Qeo, j.p. 13? year of the reign of his prefen? Majesty, (entitled, anaofu repealing the fever! dutiei of tufloms and excise, and granting mhtf pities in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together mtb the other duties eompofing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the predate or manufacture of the European dominions of the French ding intothis kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of dm national debt and in another act of parliament made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his said Majesty, (entitled, An act for charging an additional duty on spirits manufactured9Scotland and imported into England), for or in respect of Britp spirits made or diddled in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; anything in this aid contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That in case any such didiller or didillers dial), (mot before the said tenth day of October one thousand feyeo hundred and eighty eight, find it more expedient to take out facb fpirta, or any part of the same as shall have been so locked up as aforesaid, for falcand consumption in that part of Great Britain cdted Scotland, or for reftification, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners Of excise in Scotlandi upon application to them made, to order and allow such spirits to be so taken oatef such warehouse or warehouses, under the inspection of the proper furvfcyor or fupemfor and officer of excise of the district, tf vision, or place, wherein the said spirits shall have been Secured as aforesaid.

XXXIV Provided always, and be it enacted, Thatif, after taking such (lock as aforesaid any diftilter or didiliers, to fctam such dock shall belong, shall not take out a licence for diftiffint under this act, for and during the year from the fifth day tfjdf bne thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, then and in tbit case no such spirits, nor any part thereof, shall, after the firth day of July aforesaid, be removed or sent out from the pofle&on t>f the said didiller or didiliers, without a regular permit or permits from the proper officer or officers of excise, who is and are hereby authorised and required to gjant the same according to the directions and regulations of the fevettd dilutes in that case made and provided; anything in this act contained to the wo trary in any ways notwithstanding.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every didiller and diftilters Who (hah be defirms of

making spirits making or 'diddling spirits in that part of Great Britain called bew'ortrdto or export: ation from thence to that part of Great Bri

8couaud, nd u*n ca^cd Scotland, dr of shaking or diddling spirits in thatpirt

and8 Geo. j.c. 4.

Commi (Boners of excise Way allow spirits fosse icured, to be taken out for sale in Scotland! etc.

Jf didiliers, to whom frocks so taken belong, do not take out a licence for a year, no part thereof to be removed without a permit.

Distillers

788.] Anno vicesimo b&ato Georgii III C 46. 4<jt

f Gr#4/ Britain called Scotland for exportation from thence Id codtrariwife, hat part of Gr^/ Britain called England shall, four days atto a lie lead before he, (he, or they shall begin to brew any corn cntryof ftlllt r grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of ct(?, ^9

vaflv to be distilled into low wines, in order to extra spirits or fcxch exportation as aibrcsaid, make a true and partipulaf ftfry in writing at the next office of excise within the limits whereof his, her, or their workhouse, ftillhouse, storehouse, rarehquse, or other place for distilling or keeping wash, low pioca, or spirits, is or shall be fituatr, of all and every (till, ttppcr, tun, wash back, calk, or other vessel, which he, (he, jr they shall make use of for the brewing, distilling, working, making, laying, or keeping any worts, wah, low wines, or spirits j and also of the calks or vefieis which every such distill kr or distillers shall make use of, for the brewing, holding, or keeping of the afterrrunnmgs or feints from the second extraction, which shall from time to time be drawn from every such ftiu \ and also of all and every workhouse, ftillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or other place by him, her, or them, used for the preparing, distilling, or keeping wah, low wines, or spirits and shall also give or leave at the said office of excise, a notice io writing, specifying therein the day when he, (he, or they dull intend to begin first to brew any corn or grain, or to mix apy other materials for the making of wah to be distilled into low wines, in order to extra spirits for such exportation as aforesaid; and in such notice shall also specify from what materials he, (he, qt they intends or intend to make such spirits for such exportation as aforesaid; is to say, whether from corn, grain, malt, cy and give under, perry, or other wah or liquor made or brewed from Brilijb ndt^

materials, or any mixture therewith, or from melafles or fu begin to^rew gw, or any mixture therewith, or from foreign refused wine, any corn, etc. or foreign cyder, or wah prepared from foreign materials (except melafles and sugar), or any mixture therewith, and shall afterwards, from time to time, during the continuance of such entry, give or leave notice, in writing, at such office of excise, or with the officer of excise for the division or place where such spirits are intended to be made, four hours at the least before he, ffie, or they shall begin any such subsequent brewing or mixing, and in such notice shall specify the hour, when he, (he, or they shall intend to begin; and shall also, from time to time, during the continuance of such entry, give or leave notice in writing at such office of excise, or with such officer of excise, four hours at the least before any wall is pumped up,

or otherwise conveyed into his, her, or their still or stills, and shall specify in such notice the hour when he, (he, or they shall intend to begin; and if he, (he, or they shall neglect or refuse Penalty of tomakefcich entry as aforesaid, or to give such respective no iool.for notices as aforesaid, every such distillcr or distiliers, for every such f^ntr^or offence, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds $ and if g lve fqch no sech distiller or distiliers, having given such notice or notices tice. u aforesaid, shall not begin and "proceed in such respectjve Distillers not , K k 3 opera beginning

Good

492

their operations in an hour after the time specified in their notices; to give fresh ones, on penalty of iool.

No distillers permitted to make entry, or give notice of intention to make fpi rita in England to export to Scotland, or in Scotland to export to Eng and, whose ttiils are not of the capacity herein mentioned, C

and such distillers to take out such licence as is herein after mentioned.

Manner of granting such licences.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii 111. C 46* [ 1 SI.

operations at the hour and time or times mentioned in fochi^ spective notices, or within one hour next afterwards, then every such notice and notices refpcdively shall be, and is and are bew* by declared to be null and void, and every such diftilier ani distillers shall be obliged to give a fresh and like notice or at, ices as aforesaid as the case may require; and in case any Ml diftilier or distillers shall begin any such respective operatim without giving such fresh notice or notices respectively, in ak such first notice or notices shall respectively become void, tlw, and in every such case, such diftilier and distillers so ofirming shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hondroft pounds.

XXXVI Provided always, That nothing herein contam shall extend to permit or authorise any diftilier or diftilier* to enter or give notice of his intention to make spirits, inthat part of Great Britain called England, for exportation (torn thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose wall still will not contain one thousand six hundred galions, and Ihe spirit of low wine still eight hundred and fifty galions, nor to permit or authorise any diftilier or distillers to enter or give notice of his intention' to make spirits in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that pair of Great Britain called England, whose wah still will not obtain two hundred galions, and the spirit or low wine still fifty galions; neither shall any diftilier or distillers be intitied or permitted to distill spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, although he, (he, or they may have made an entry as afordurf* unless he, (he, or they (half actually have distilled into (pints all the wah and low wines in his, her, or their custody or pot session, for the making of spirits for home consumption, atleaft forty-eight hours before the day mentioned in such entry.

XXXVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every diftilier and distiliers, and maker and makers of spirits in that part of Great Britain called Engtmly for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, before he, (he, or they shall begin to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, take out such licence herein after mentioned, as the case may require, authoring such diftilier and distiliers, and maker and makers of spirits, to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid; and such licences respectively shall be granted in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, If any such licence shall be granted to authorise the diftilier or distiliers, or maker or makers of (pints, to whom the same shall be granted, to make spirits for suchex portation as aforesaid, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the hands id seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Engird for the time being, or of such persons as they the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; but if any such licence dial] be granted to authorise the diftilier or

distiliers,

1788.] Anno vicesimo 6&avo Georgii III C 46. 493

Uftiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, to whom the same

hall be granted, to make spirits for such exportation as afore

aid in any part of the kingdom of England not within the said

icnits, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of

he collector and supervisor of excise of the colleflion or district

n the kingdom of England within which the same shall autho

ifc the distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, to

whom the same shall be granted, to make spirits for such ex..

at ion as aforesaid $ such commissioners of excise, or

wo or more of them, and the persons to be appointed by the

said com midi oners of excise in England, or the major part of

them, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are hereby

respectwely authorised and required to grafnt licences to the

distiller or distillcts, or maker or makers of spirits, applying The following

for the same, on such distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers duties to be

of spirits applying for the same, first paying for each such LI paid for Hccn

cence which shall be granted to authorise the distiller or distill ^c.8.to.dl^11

iers, or maker or makers of spirits, to whom the same shall be said to export

granted to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, the to Scotland,

fereral duties and sums of money following, that is to say, viz.

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the For every gal cubical content of each and every still, including the head, lonofthecon which shall be used or employed by such distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called materials are England, for making low wines or spirits from corn, grain, britia, 31. malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wah or liquor made or brewed from any sort of british materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of three pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the if melafles or cubical content of each and every still, including the head, sugar, which shall be used or employed by any such distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great bri tain called England, for making low wines or spirits from me lasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the sum of five pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu and if foreign bical content of each and every still, including the head, which wine

shall be used or employed by any such distiller or distiliers, or C A maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wah prepared from foreign materials (except melaftes and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the sum of six pounds.

Which said respective duties and sums of money shall be paid by such person or persons, and at the refpt&ive times and in the manner herein after mentioned.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Licencestobe said, That no person or persons shall begin to brew any corn taken out 10 or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wash to be dist.lled into low wines in order to extract spirits, in that gm to

K k 4 part

r

be distilled for exportation to Scotland

Penalty of

ccncc.

Manner of piytn* the

494 Anno vicesimo osaro Georgii III. C 46. f 1788.

wake^wafli to part of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such per (bn or persons shall take out such licence, in the manner as h in that behalf therein before directed, ten days at the lead before he, (he, or they shall begin to brew any corn or grain, otto mix any other materials for the making of wash to be ditiii kd into low wines, in order to extract spirits for such exportation as aforesaid; if any person or persons shall begin to aocl. for neg brew any corn or grain, or to mix any other materials for the oin(dct?h^g making of wah to be distilled into low wines, in order to exul tract spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Shetland, without taking out such licence as is in that behak herein before directed, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every distiller and distiliers, and maker and - - makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England,

licensed fuc w ta^e out ^ence as in lat behalf is before direst CD shall immediately pay down the proportion of the duty from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, to the day of granting such licence, and also one sixth part of the money hereby diiefted to be paid for such licence foto be taken out, and shall at the end of every two months, to be reckoned from the time of taking out such licence, pay down another sixth part of the money to be paid for such licence, until the whole of the money hereby directed to be paid for such licence shall be fully paid.

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, To whom the That the said several sums of money to be paid for such LI arc to cences respectively shall be paid to such persons as are hereinafter in that behalf respectively mentioned; that is to say, such thereof as shall be paid for licences which shall be granted to authorise any person or persons to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid within the limits of the chief office ofex* cife in London, shall be paid to the said commissioners of excile in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall be paid for such licences which shall be granted to authorise any perfoa or persons to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid in any part of the kingdom of England not within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, shall be paid to the refpetliie collectors of excise granting such respective licences.

XLI And be it further fcnafted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise, in England, and they are hereby authorised and required, to allow and repay to ail and every distiller and distiliers, and maker and makers of spirits, in that part of Greet spirits for ex Britain called England, who shall be duly licensed according portation.and to ljlc directions of this act, and shall have withdrawn his, her, for home con or t^c*r entry for making spirits for such exportation as afore furiptiodjto aids and shall afterwards have made due entry for making spirits

We paid.

Distillers in fn^land wiihirawing their entries for making

7*80 Anna vkcgmo octavo georgii III c.46. 495.

it for home consumption in that part of Great Britain called he allowed an Eiafgknd, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by.

udt distiller or distiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, for or lctnc€ ^uty, sa refjpe# of the capacity or content of his, her, or their hat follows, 'rented still or stills, corresponding, as herein after mentioned, viz o the time during which he, (he, or they shall use or employ such his, her, or their dill or stills, for the making low wines ir spirits from any of the materials aforesaid, for home consumption, in that part of Great Britain called England; (that is to say).

Far every day, during which he, foe, or they shall use or employ any hcensed dill or dills, to him, her, or them be jjmkinvfw lortging, for making low wines or spirits from corn, grain, ntsjf from malt, tilts, cyder, or periy, or other wafo or liquor made or British mate brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture rials, d. and therewith, for home consumption as aforesaid, twopence and Jvery eauon four tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of the con of each and every such still, including the head, soused: tents;

For every day, during which he, foe, or they shall use or if from me employ any such fall or stills for making low wines or spirits lasses or fa from melaftes or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for homek^d.; consumption as aforesaid, fourpence for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such still, including the head, soused:

And for every day, during which lie, foe, or they shall use or and if from employ any such still or stills, for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wafo prepared and from foreign materials (except melaftes and sugar), or any mix g.xoths. ture therewith, for home consumption as aforesaid, fourpence and eight tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of such still, including the head, To used.

XLII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

'That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of ex Difttllcre in cife, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and they are Scotland ex hereby authorised and required, upon proof being made to traamg^nts their lati$fa#ion, to allow or repay, within two months, to foltng* every distiller or distillers who shall have given or left such no land, to be al tice as aforesaid, of his, her, or their intention to brew corn lowed an or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wafo f^e^ceooe to be distilled into low wines, in order to extra spirits for ex fou

portation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that lows; viz. part of Great Britain called England, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by such distiller or distiliers, for or in refpe# of the capacity or content of his, her, or thehr still or stills, corresponding to the time during which he, (he, or they shall use or employ any still or stills for the making low wines os (pints from any of the materials aforesaid, for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Sciland to that part of

Great

496 Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 46. [17$$.

Great Britain called England, in the manner following; that to say.

For every day

the still is used por €vcry jay, during which he, (he, or they shall ofe rit^vfrorrt* or empl°y any hcensed (till or stills for the making of low British mate wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or per rial, ad.and ry, or any sort of British materials, or any mixture there 4-10ths for with, for exportation as aforesaid, the sum of twopence and th^ccmitents^ fourteenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical cost'tent of each and every such (till, including the head, so ufod:

if from melaf fes or sugar,

4d.;

and if from foreign refused wines, C 4d. and 3 xoths.

For every day, during which he, (he, or they shall use or employ any such dill or stills for the making of low wines or (pints from melafles or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for exportation as aforesaid, the sum of fourpence for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such still, including the head, soused :

For every day, during which he, (he, or they shall use or employ any such still or stills, for the making of low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder. Or waft prepared from foreign materials (except melafles and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for exportation as aforesaid, the sum of fourpence and eight tenths of a penny for every galkxi of the cubical content of each and every such still, including the head, soused.

XLIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Duties to be said. That all and every such distiller and distillers (hadl from paid m a time to tjme pay an(j cjear Gff a|j the fajj duties, within one ofcforfeitingid week next after the respective days for or in refpea whereof the double thee same accrued, on pain of forfeiting, for every ncgledf or refu duty. fal to pay the same within such one week, double the sum of

the said duties respectively.

XLIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of That all and every distiller and distiliers, and maker and ma aool on di kers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for charffink°wa(h exportati°n from thence to that part of Great Britain called stills as herein Scotland, and all and every distiller and distiliers, and maker and directed, or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, not working for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called dun Engfondi flwll, before he, (he, or they shall begin to draw off C any low wines from his, her, of their wah (till, charge the same with wort or wah, in the proportion of not less than four parts in five of the whdle quantity of liquor which such still, including the head, is capable of containing; and that every such wash still shall be worked off within the space of twenty-four hours, to be computed from the time of the officers taking an account of the charge of such still; and that all and every such distiller and distiliers, and maker and makers of spirits, who (lull begin to draw off any low wines until his,

her,

X 7&8«] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 46.

her, or (heir wash dill shall have been charged in manner hereinbefore directed, or after having been so charged shall not work the same off within such twenty-four hours, he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XLV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That every dill belonging to any didiller or didiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, in chat part of Great Britain called scot land, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, who shall have begun to extract spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, shall be used and employed for the miking low wines or spirits five days at the lead during the first week, to be computed from the time when he, (he, or they shall (6 begin to extra spirits for such exportation as aforesaid j and every such dilkshall also, after such fird week, during the continuance of his, her, or their entry for exportation as aforesaid, be used and employed as aforesaid such number of days as herein after mentioned; that is to say, five days in every week during the continuance of such entry for exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of November inelusive, and the fifteenth day of May exelusive; and four days in every week during the continuance of such entry for exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of May inelusive, and the fifteenth day of November exelusive: and if any such didiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, who shall have begun to extract spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, shall not use and employ every dill belonging to him, her, or them, for the making of low wines or spirits, five days at the lead during the fird week, to be computed from the time when he, (he, or they shall so begin to extra spirits for such exportation as aforer said $ if such distiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, shall not, after such fird week, during the continuance of his, her, or their entry for exportation as aforesaid, use and employ every such dill as aforesaid five days in every week during the continuance of such entry for exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of November inelusive, and the fifteenth day of May exelusive; and four days in every week, during the continuance of such entry for exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of May inelusive, and th fifteenth day of November exclusive he, (he, or they, shall, for each and every day in which such didiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, shall not use every dill to him, her, or them belonging, in manner as aforesaid, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XLVI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no wah which shall be brewed or made according to the rules, regulations, and pfovisions of this a for extra#ing low wines or spirits for exportation from that part of Great Britain called England, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be charged or chargeable with any duty or duties of excise granted by any a or as of parliament heretofore made.

XLVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

497

Distiller in Scotland, of spirits for exportation to Eagland, to work as often as herein mentioned, on penalty of 50i. for each day's omission.

Wash for extracting fpi ritsfor exportation from England to Scotland, not to be chargeable with excise duty.

Distillers for exportation in England and Scotland to produce to the officer the within mentioned quantities of spirits from the within mentioned quantities of waib;

and if the

proportion of (pints fall (nort, to pay the following duties, viz.

For every deficient galion, if the materials be british, is. 9d.

if melaftes or sugar, i8. xod.

aq.

and if foreign refused wine, C 5 % .

Anno vicesimo o&zvo Gbqrqxi III C 45- [178i.

fa id. That all and every distiller or distillers who Stall make at distill spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Jutland \ or who shall make or distill spirits in that part of Grigt Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, shall, for every one hundred gallons of wah prepared or made from corn, grain, malt tilts, yyder, or perry, or any sort of British matenafa, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for exportation as afore said, found in his, her, or their custody or possession, betwixt the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and the sixth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excue at least sixteen gallons and an half of fspirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof; for every om hundred gallons of with prepared or made from melafles or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for exportation as aforesaid, found in his. Iter, or their custody or poflefiioa, betwixt the days last aforesaid, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at least eighteen gallons uni an half of spirits of the strength aforesaid; and for every one hundred gallons of wah prepared or made from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wah prepared from foreign materials (except mcjaltes and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extrading spirits for exportation as aforesaid, found in his, her, or their custody or possession, betwixt the days list aforesaid, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at least sixteen gallons and an half of spirits of the strength aforesaid; that in every case where the produce of spirits extracted by any such distiller or distillers betwixt the days aforesaid, shall fall (hort of the proportions aforesaid, every such distiller and distillers shall, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby made chargeable with and shall pay the following duties of excise for every gallon of spirits which shall be deficient of the quantities aforesaid; is to say :

For every gallon of such spirits from wah prepared or made from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, for extnding spirits for exportation as aforesaid, two Shillings and nine pence: '

For every gallon of such spirits from wah prepared or made from melailes or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for exportation as aforesaid, two Shillings and ten pence halfpenny:

And for every gallon of such spirits from wash prepared or made from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wah prepared from foreign materials (except melaflbs and sugar), re any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirks for exportation as aforesaid, five Shillings:

Which rcfpcduvc duties for such deficiencies refpetslively shall

be

17s8.} Anno vi&simo octavo Georgii ITT. C 4tf. 499

yt paid by ftieh distiller and distillers rcfptdively on the day Pcrfoas make! aft aforesaid; and if default shall be made in any such pay !ng dctau, t nent, the distiller and distillers respectively making such de foi^eu^ouble imlt (Kail forfeit double the amount of the duty by this at itn the duty. >6fcd for or irt respect of such deficiency.

XLVIII Jndy for the preventing frauds which dijliliers for fab+exfurtation as of or efaid may commit, by privately removing and tomeaaling the wash iow watts or spirits, and in order that the of - '

fair may obtain true gauges 'of the same, be it further enacted by the authority a sore fa id, That no wah that shall be brewed or mixed by any such distiller or distiller for extrading spiritl Regulaticms for such exportation as afofesaid, shall be pumped up into the ftih or dills, or otherwise removed from the back or vessel backs, and wherein the same was fermented, but in the presence of the of spirits for ex ficct of exdfe under whole survey, he, (he, or they shall then pormion be; and all and every such distiller and distillers shall, and he, ^jfmuft (he, and they respectively is and are hereby required to run or^don^in draw offhis, her, or their low wines immediately from the still the presence into an entered vessel only, and to continue them therein, so of au officer that the officers of excise may take a true gauge of such low and jruaged; Hines; and such distiller and distillers respectively shall pro ar(j8 bear vide a proper caflt, which shall be duly entered and gauged, ed in ware info which the spirits shall run immediately from the still, which houses, C calk shall be futtdent to contain the whole produce of spirits to be extracted from each still, when made up to the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof 5 and when the whole quantity of spirits shall be collected in such calk from each still, all and every such distiller and distillers shall, and he, (he, and they rtfpe&ieely is and are hereby required immediately to make up such spirits, in the presence of the officer of excise, to the ftrefngth of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and a true gauge of such spirits so made up shall then be taken by the officer of excise, Who shall keep an exa6t account thereof j and such spirits, and every part thereof, shall immediately afterwards be put into calks, and secured, in the presence of the officer of excise, in a warehouse or warehouses to be provided, add duly entered at the proper office of excise, and kept for that purpose by and at the expense of such distiller and distiliers, which spirits shall be kept there separate and apart from all spirits made for home confumprion, and no spirits for home consumption shall be put into the lame warehouse 5 and such warehouse and warehouses shall be secured under three locks and three keys to each such warehouse in which such spirits shall be secured, one of such locks to be provided by such distiller, and the ofher two locks to be provided by the fiirveyor, fopervisor, or officer of excise of the division of place where such spirits shall be locked up, at the expense of such distiller Or distiliers, whereof one key of each place shall be kept by such tfiftitter or distiliers, and another by such surveyor or supervisor, and the third by such officer of excise, unfit the same spirits shall be delivered out for reification, or

afterwards

o

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III CI 4 [17 %

afterwards for such exportation as aforesaid; which wareborife and warehouses shall be made well and Efficiently fecore to mf satisfaction and approbation of the respective surveycwrs or A pervifors of excise for the time being, in whole divhioa f district any such warehouse or warehouses shall be finiatcitf whose approbation thereof shall be signified in writing, under the hands of such surveyor or supervisor; and such refpedmr surveyors or supervisors are hereby required to attend, on its fonable notice to them given by the respective distiliers, in or Distillers re der to view the same: and if any distiller or distiliers, for (bcb 1 moving wash exportation as aforesaid, shall, contrary to the directions f from backs, this a(jtf pump up into the (till or (tills, or otherwise remove off q>irita^ any such wash as aforesaid from the back or vessel wherein At from (tills, same wds fermented, but in the presence of the officer of aft j contrary to cife under whose survey he, (he, or they shall then be, or Act this act, C nol run 0flf^ or q^q(c to be run off his, her, or their low wims immediately from the (till into an entered vessel only, or Act not continue the same in such entered vessel, so that the offioefi of excise may take a true gauge of such low wines, or ftdt neglect or refuse to provide a proper cask into which the lpiritr shall run immediately from the (till as aforesaid, ortocnterfodi calk, or shall run on any spirits from the (till into any cat except such caflc hereinbefore directed to be provided, or when the whole quantity of spirits shall be collected as afiat**, said, neglect or refuse immediately to make up, in the preface of the officer of excise, such spirits to the strength of one to MU or obstructing over hydrometer proof; or shall by any ways or means prevwt, the officer in hinder, or obstruct the officer of excise from taking a gauge W gauges f the wah, low wines, or spirits, or to take a (ample pcs, C samples of them, or any of them, or to try the proof of

the spirits, (which gauges, samples, and trials of proofs, they, are hereby empowered to take and make as often as such offior of excise shall think fit, and which samples shall be returned by the officers of excise to the respective traders, wjien the commissioners of excise shall find it expedient to give directions far that purpose), or shall neglect or refuse, immediately after Ac spirits are so made up to the strength aforesaid, to put suck spirits into casks, and secure the same, in the presence of tl* officer of excise, in a warehouse or warehouses, according to ornrglefting the directions of this act; or shall neglect or refuse to provide to provide and keep a warehouse or warehouses for that purpose, or to fc warehouses, curc tfic fatnc wcjj ancj Efficiently, according to the direftioot c'*of this act, or to provide or keep such warehouse or warehouses

with locks and keys for securing such spirits for such exportation as aforesaid or to enter such warehouse or warehouses for that purpose at the proper office of excise, or shall make use of any warehouse or warehouses, or other place or places for keeping spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, before tbft same shall have been first approved of, according to the directions of this act, or shall put into or keep in such warehouse or warehouses any spirits made for home consumption; or if aby

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 46. 501

iiailler or distiliers, or any other person or persons what by his, her, or their order, privity, connivance, or di 1, after any such spirits shall have been locked up and d in any warehouse or warehouses for keeping spirits for xportation as aforesaid, shall open any of the locks or or opening in the absence of the proper surveyor or supervisor, and of excise, or shall make any way or kind of entrance ofi*leer. ny such warehouse or warehouses, or shall remove any whatever of the partition between any warehouse or ware i for keeping spirits for. such exportation as aforesaid, or her place or places what foe ver next thereunto adjoining, after any such warehouse or warehouses shall have to approved of as aforesaid, make any addition to, or in ay alter the same without notice first given to the proper or or supervisor of excise of the division or district in \ any such warehouse or warehouses shall be situate, of mended addition to or alteration in such warehouse or loufcs, and his consent in writing hrft had and obtained s finrtc; or shall remove any of the said spirits from any or removing ] up warehouse or warehouses, to any other warehouse or spirits; loufes for keeping spirits, before the same be taken out for immediate reification or to be immediately put on oard and exported as aforesaid; or shall by any art, con ice, or device whatsoever, remove, convey away, or conor concealing or cause, procure, or suffer to be removed, conveyed wart3»&c*

, or concealed, any of the wa(li or low wines for making for such exportation as aforesaid, or any such spirits, her raw or ratified, cither before the same are put into the toufe br warehouses, or afterwards; then, and in each and such case, such distiller and distiliers, for every such of, fh3ll forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds. toforfcitiool.

IX Provided always, and be it further enabled by the >rity aforesaid. That in case it shall at any time happen If spirits can the spirits distilled for such exportation as aforesaid in one not be locked belonging to any such distiller or distillers cannot, for a arc* of time, be conveyed from the spirit ca(k (into which m°uvbe arc directed to be run immediately from the still) and guaged and ?d up in the warehouse or warehouses as herein before is secured in the:ed, the officer of excise shall gauge the same, and fe fpintcalk, the lid of the said spirit calk, and take famplcs thereof, gaiiondc^h spirits shall be locked up in such warehouse or ware C cafc therein es the next morning, (if not intended for immediate ex the distiller to ation as aforesaid; if it shall appear that any decrease forhht 103. been made in the quantity or quality of the said spirits (o ted, or in case any such spirits shall have been removed in ibfence of the officer of excise, in either of the said cases distiller or distillers shall, for every gallon of such spirits, alated at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, ecreased or removed, forfeit the sum of ten Shillings, u And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, at when any such distiller or distillers for exportation shall Pliers de'

'ks 1, 1, 0115 uk

5<>*

ing spirita from warehouses, to give four hours previous notice to the officer.

who is to attend and see the same taken out.

If spirits are

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C « tn

be desirous to take any of his, her, or their spirits out 1 of the said warehoutes where the same shall be so lodbfef i in order to be rectified, or when reaifkd and again < such warehouse or warehouses, in order to be put ' on (hipboard for such exportation as aforesaid, he, (he,

shall thereof give notice in writing to the surveyororf or officer of excise of the division or district where shall be (b locked up, by the space of four hours time he, (he, or they shall begin to take out the same i said, and shall also specify in such notice the predfc hour of such day, when he, (he, or they shall or i taking any such spirits out of such warehouse or war and shall also specify in such notice the quantity and spirits he, (he, or they intends or intend to take out, there such spirits are raw or redtified, and out of what [ lar warehouse the same are intended to be taken out for I cation, or for immediate exportation as aforesaid; if] case, such respective surveyor, supervisor, or officer is i hereby required to attend pursuant to such notice,spective places where such spirits shall be locked up, the quantity of spirits taken out in pursuance of such I and he or they is and are hereby required to take an ( count of the same: ahd in case any such distiller or

jool.

not taken out shall not begin and proceed to take such spirits out of 1 n, warehouse or warehouses at the hour and time specifiedla fpccifiedinme n^l, ccj or within one hour next after such time, the! the notice, a such notice shall be, and the same is hereby declared 1 fresh one mud void, and such distiller or distillers shall be, and is be given. hereby obliged to give a frerti and like notice in manner, !

said, four hours at the least before he, the, or they shall to take any such spirits out of such warehouse or war*Distillers neg and in case any such distiller or distillers shall neglect or I ledting to to give such notice before he takes out any of the I |tc?to°forfcit r'ts** to specify in such notice the particulars

required, or to give a fresh notice, in manner aforesaid, I hours at the least before he, (he, or they shall begin to 1 out any such spirits, in case he, (he, or they shall not T and proceed to take out such spirits at the hour and tini cified in the said first notice, or within one hour next atari time, such distiller or distillers Shall, in every such case, ] cvcrv such offence, forfeit the sura of one hundred pounds.

LI And be it further enacted by the authority That, when any raw spirits shall be so taken out for tion in pursuance of such notice, the same shall be*ly pumped up or put, in the presence of the officer of < into the still or stills, and be rectified forthwith, and tt' shall be run offimmediately from the still into a like < before directed to be provided and entered for the < spirits immediately distilled from low wines j and Wto whole quantity of such spirits designed to be rectified I collevfted in such task from each still, the same Shall be

Regulations in rectifying raw spirits taken oot of warehouses.

Anno vftfesimo octavo Georgii III 0: 46. 503

Iiately made up, in ihe presence of the officer of excise, to the bength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, t which strength ill such spirits are to be exported, and a true gauge of such pints so made up shall then be taken by the officer of excise, who shall keep arvexadt account thereof, and such spirits shall msaed lately afterwards be put into casks, and in the presence f the officer of excise, either carried diredjy on (hipboard for inch exportation as aforesaid, (if intended to be so imme cbately exported), or else into such warehouse or warehouses to be locked up in manner aforesaid '

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That when any distiller or diflilltri of spirits in that part of Ontakingout Groat Britain called England, for exportation from thence to ^reho^ufesto dime part of Great Britain called Scotland or in that 'part of 5c rectified. Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to allowances to that part of Great Britain called England, shall take out any be made of (pints from the warehouse or warehouses wherein the same two gallon shall have been locked up, in order to have such spirits recti fo/decrea^, fied or compounded before the exportation thereof as aforesaid, such distiller or diftiljers shall in consider^tion of wade be al lowed two gallons in every one hundred gallons of such spirits ib to be rectified or compounded, and so after that rate fjpr a' greater or less quantity; which allowance of two gallons in. every one hundred gallons of spirits so rectified or cornpoirpd* ed, shall be in full compensation for all wade, loss, or data age whatsoever, (except in cases of unavoidable accidents, which shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners of excise in England or Scotland? as < the case may require) \ and any and for any decrease shall at any. time appear in the quantity of spirits (o extra deft taken out by any such distiller or distillers to be rectified or compounded, except such as can. or may be accounted for by counted for, the allowance aforesaid, every such distiller and distillers shall a duty to be be charged, and the officers of. excise are hereby required 40 pd of 58. charge him, her, or them for all spirits so found to be deficient per galion, and not properly.accounted for, with a duty at and after the rate of five Shillings acid sixpence per gallon: provided always,

That nothing in this ai contained (lull extend, or be deemed Spiptsmaybe orconfirued to extend, 10 hinder any maker of spirits for such font from the exportation as aforesaid, from sending such spirits out of his any maker of locked up warehouse to any other distiller, provided such ma spirits to any kef of spirits lending, the same, and the distiller who shall otherdiftiliar, receive the same, do, before such spirits are taken out of the under there warehouse, give bond with sufficient security, to be approved here inmen* of as any other security is directed by this act to be approved, tioned. in double the value of such spirits, and five Shillings and sixpence per gallon for the due and fair exportation of Ibch spirits from that part of Great Britain called England, to that part of Greet Britain called Scotland, or from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, as the case may require, within three months next after the date of such respective bond 5 and provided leave for that purpose.. XXXVI LI ' be

504 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 46.

be first obtained in writing from the commissiooers of odfc in jin&land or Settkndfor the time being, as the care ohfh> choir, and that notice thereof shall have been*given to tildt beer of excise, under whose survey such distiller shall thutty' twenty*four hours at the lead, in order that such cfiotrmi receive the same into such distiller's (lock; and providsdiw spirits be removed with a proper certificate from an efiora excise and when such spirits shall be so received by fechtfl ler, the same shall be under the like direction as to thenak cation and exportation thereof, and all other matters and tbigl as if such spirits had been rectified and exported acconbaili the regulations of this aby the maker thereof, and nit distiller shall, for breach of any of the said dirofhont, be Mi jedl to the like penalties as the maker of such spirits wookttap been for the like offences.

LIII Apd be it further enacted by the authority afadm| oifttuers who That when any such distiller or distiller shall be defiros % tt havedmilled (Milling any spirits for home consumption, and shall km intofplritsfor anally difiilled into spirits all the wah, low wines, andfrjn exportation, in his, her, or their custody or possession, for the auidafes( may make a spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, and such spirits m0 firelh entry for^locked up in the warehouse as herein after is directedrfo (he, or they may withdraw his, her, or their entry see M exportation, and shall be at liberty to make s firelh and likt' try for making spirits for home consumption; and lit. ife piration of four days after such entry made, but not feona^tt shall and may be Lawful for such distiller anddimers to bj|l to brew or mix materials for wah to be distilled into fopt wool, penalty for home consumption; if any such distiller or dim shall begin to brew or mix materials for wash, tobediium into spirits for home consumption, without having made feck entry, or contrary to any of the directions in that behalf afe$ find, be, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forint tk fern of two hundred pounds.

LIV And be it further enacted by the authority afansaid, fr, That the exporter of any such spirits shall, immediafclf she ue export** the same, give bond, with (uffident fecunty, tion of spirits; he approved of by the respechve commissioners of m is England and Sctiland, or the mqor part of them, or thepnptf officer or officers of excise, in ten Shillings gallon fer tack and every gallon of such spirits; that the particular spirits h " intended to be exported, and every part thereof, (hill (the

danger of the Teas and enemies excepted) be shipped slides ported to the port or place to which the same respectrdy« intended to be exported, and shall not be exported or canied V to any other place or country whatsoever; and Hull not ke unihipped, unladled, or put on board any other ship, wb, or boat in Great Britain, ((hlpwreck and other unavoidabkac* cident excepted), not relanded in that part of Great which die same shall have been so made; which bond the of fiect of excise of the port from whence such spirits shall be a

for siting

contrary

hereto.

Bond to be

}.) Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 4 505

i, appointed for that purpose by the said respective liftmen of excise, or the major part of them respect for the time being, ia hereby directed to take,

Idaicf fy'a name, and to his majesty's use; provid 1* tn, after the shipping any such spirits, the same, or pnt thereof shall be uhshipped, unladled, or laid on dr pot Into any other ship, vessel, or boat in and if after,

((hipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted), that tad in every such case, over and above the penalty of the ejljli0 or 1 'which shall be' levied and recovered to his majesty's A Bach spirits which shall be so un(hipped, unladled, or m land, or put into any other ship, vessel, or boat in! Britain, (fhipwrcck or other unavoidable accident ex

1), or the value thereof, shall be forfeited; and such t shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of ex

f. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid:

: bonds shall be discharged upon the production of How hoods tificate under the hands and Teals of two or more of the niffioners of excise, in that part of Great Britain to which C*saints shall be so exported, testifying the due landing sf such production of such certificate to be made to, the dot or. other chief officer of excise of the port from whence (pints were exported, within six months from the date of hood, testifying such landing of such spirits; or such b'shall be tmcharged upon proof that such spirits were t by enemies, or peri(hed in the sea, or by fire; the exa fwnaod proof thereof being left to the judgement of the. niffioners of excise in England and Stttland respectively, or Mar part of them respectively.

ft. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

I for every galion, English wine measure, of spirits of a fd.per

ri not exceeding thatx of one to tn jeer hydrometer*!*? tpfb?> which shall be made or manufactured in that part of imported t Britan called Stotlond, and imponed or brought from from Scotland«into that part of Great Britain calied, there into England.

1 Repaid by the importer thereof, before the landing therein txcile duty of two Shillings and nine pence. ftl And be if further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ft the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers. Entry to be igpee or consignees of spirits made or manufactured in that in»k>rted of Greet Britain called Stttland, and imported from thence from gcot i that part of Great Britain called Engwithin twenty land, and im* inert after the arrival of the ship or vessel wherein any port duty to Spirits (hah be lb imported, within the port, in that part ktai Britain called England, where such spirits shall be in jd ao bd to be landed, shall make due entry with the collector days,

Mile of the said port of all such spirits on board of such for vessel belonging to fitch proprietor or proprietors, im mr or importers, conlignee or consignees; and shall then,

Nfore, satisfy and pay the import duties of excise by this L 1 2 aft

5°6

otherwise to be forfeited,

and to be pub lickly sold; and the overplus, after fa lisfying the duties, to be given the of ticer.

thecommif finer may inward the 'officers if there be no overplus.

In entries of spirits imported from Scotland, the number of calks, etc. to b?inserted, on penalty of forfeiture.

No spirits to be Pent from Scotland to England, or from England toscotland, by land, or in vessels of lef8 lhan.70 tonnes, or in a calk .containing left than 100 galions, on penalty of for leiture, with the vessels, etc.

Anno vicesimo cxsiavo Georgii III C 46. [17ss.

a imposed for or in refpc& of such spirits, and land the same; and if such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importer), configneeorconsignees, shall neglect or refuse to make such entry, or to pay such duties, or to land such spirits wkhin tud twenty days, all such spirits shall be forfeited, together wife the calks and packages containing the same, and shall andmij be seized by any officer or officers of excise; the coo mi flioners of excise in England shall cause all such spirits to be publicly sold to the best bidder, at such places astheyflus think proper, for and towards satisfying the import duties bj this a imposed for or in respect of such' spirits, and theowr plus, if any, shall be applied to and for the benefit of the ofi* cer or officers of excise who shall seize the same; and incite the money arising from such sale of such spirits shall not be sufficient to satisty, or shall barely satisfy, the said import done, then and in such case the officer or officers of excise, who shall seize such spirits, shall be rewarded in such manner as the said commissioners of excise shall think proper > such reward not exceeding one shilling per galion, and to be in lieu of all other allowances.

LVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefod, That in all entries foto be made of any spirits made or m nufadtured in that part of Great Britain called form, and imported from thence into that part of Great Britain called landy the number of casks or other packages containing fiidi spirits, with the particular numbers and marks of each of them, on board of each respective flup or vessel in which the same (had be so imported, shall be inferred, on pain, for every neglefior refusal thereof, to forfeit all such spirits, with the ca(k or other package wherein the same shall be contained; and the few shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

LX And be it further enacted by the authority aforefad. That no spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, tmdt in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be removed or carried from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, by land carriage, m'shah any spirits made or manufactured in that part of grej Britain called England be removed or carried from thence i: that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by land carriage, n: r any spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Bntcu called Scotland, be imported or brought into that part of Gw: Britain called England, nor any spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called England, be imported cr brought into that part of Great Britain called Scotland in an. ship, veftd, or boat of any less burden than seventy tonnes, or in any enfk or package which shall not contain one hundred gallons of such spirits at'the leafti on pain of forfeiture of au fuel) spirits as shall be so removed or carried, or imported or brought contrary to any or either of the prohibitions aforesaid, together with the casks or packages containing such spirits, ard the ships, vessels, or boats, horses, cattle, and carriages en

788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C 46;

doyed in such importation, removal, . or car/iage thereof; nd such (pints, casks, packages, ships, vessels, boats, horses, attle, and carriages, shall and may bq (Seized by any officer or officers of excise.

LX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Hm no spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be imported or brought into that art of Great Britain called Scotland, of a strength exceeding hat of one to ten over hydrometer proof, nor shall any spirits Bade or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called scot and, be imported or brought into that part of Great Britain ailed England, except as nerein after provided, of a strength exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, cn pain of orfeiture of all such spirits, together with the casks and pack iges containing the same; and such spirits, calks, and pack iges shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of ex: ife: provided always, That if the strength of any spirits, manufactured and imported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, into that part of Great Britain called England as afore Taid, shall be greater than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and such excels shall not exceed three per centum over and above the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer ptoof as aforesaid, then and in such case the said spirits shall not be forfeited, but shall be charged with a further duty proportioned to their said fur pi us strength.

LXI And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid. That when any spirits, made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be lent by water from that pan of Great Britain called England to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sent by water from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, the same shall be accompanied with a permit from the proper officer of excise, or, in default thereof, such spirits, with the calks and packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; air ways, That no stich spirits shall be liable to feizurefor or on account of any small difference or deficiency in tlte gaiige of such spirits at the time of their arrival in port, when the same shall be proved to have been occasioned by accident and withoi^i fraud.

LXII And be it further ena$e$ by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall, within the space of one month after the time of granting any pennir for the removal of any Byit; j? \x\u\z spirits from any port or place in Scotland to any port qr place in England, fr an firm the counterpart of such permit, or cause the same to be transmittgd to the commissioners of excise in England, in order that the said commissioners in England may, and they are hereby directed and required to cause /ome proper officer or officers to examine jqdchecque therewith the permit by whi$h such spirits; shall

''.........'' L 1 3'\ hay

507-

If spirits be imported into Scotland from England of a strength greater than 1 to 10 over hydrometer proof, they arc forfeited.

but not in the latter case, if the excess should not exceed 3 per centum over that strength, C

Spirits sent by water from England to Scotland, C to be accompanied with a permit, on penalty of for feitui e.

Spirits not liable to fti zure for a small deficiency in the gauge.

Counterparts

of permits or exporting spirits from Scotland to he transmttted 16 the commissioners of ev cife in England i

have been removed as aforesaid, and also in order that a fonkr and a dupli chccqoe may be bad upon the removal of such fpirttz, a daps cate of the cate of such clearance shall be forthwith transmitted to the pro" ?**?*" "*? officer or officers of the customs, at the port in Bmpl port of land where such spirits are intended to be landed, who arc benby fog in Eng authorised and required to compare the dune with the tribes land.'their arrival.

LXIII Jnd whereas the manufacture ej spirits,

Maid (tone Geneva, tflabhjbtd Maidstone in tbt emutty sfkbnt, by George Bishop tf that plan, which manufacture is different from any other manufacture of spirits in Great Britain, as Well with respect to the quality of the as to the proofs by.

which it is made: and whereas the manufacture requires ft large a proportion of wafts to produce a given quantity of spirits, at to render it impojlibu to continue the said manufacture if tie rtttsef duties preferred by tbt said act, made in the twenty fheth year a __ tbt reign of bit present Majesty, and continued by tbu ab, be m bishopof** hr'a cn Mb §*"**£[ wjb» he it therefore enacted by the a Maidstone to thority aforeuid, That, during the continuance of this SS, pajr 161. ad. there shall be paid by the said George, for every ninety, for eveiy 96 six gallons of wah which he shall produce from a weigh of walhmade mat or 0,'er corn inc*u<*'ng the bran thereof, and not a from not ceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the sum of fixteta more than Shillings and fourpence, being at the rate of two pence m.d.. u»lb. ofcomi one sixth part of a farthing per gallon.

and for every LXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,x1**dk»c^w That for every one hundred and twelve pounds weight of ttak a'lowed him or other com, before the same is separated from the bm of 8 gallon thereof, soused by the said George Bishop, be shall be allowed and 13d of a credit in the boors of the proper officer or officers of ebedfe, fpiriu of 1 in of not Qjofo than eight gallons and one third part of a galtec ammeter" fp*rits» a the strength. of one in six under bydrometer proof. proof.

LXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If ha sells fpi That the said George Bishop shall not sell or send out any Ipirits nts stronger whatfoe«er of a greater degree of strength than that of doe in under hydro un<*er hydrometer proof j and if the said Bishop shall

metre proof, sell or send out any spirits whatfoerer, contrary to the true into be forfeit tent and meaning of this act, such spirits, together with the cades and vessels'containing the same, and the horfos, cattle, cans, and carriages made use of in the removal thereof, (hill be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

LXVI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Undo excess That if, on carting up the (lock of the said George Bishop, any officer or officers 81 excise shall find the quantity of fmits contained in such dock to exceed the quantity for which the said George Bishop it entitled to credit, at the strength of ape m six under hydrometer proof, after deducing and allowing for the quantity of spirits for which permit (hau have been granted to the said George Bishop, then, and in every such case, the excess

found

788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 46. 509

shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any or officers of excise. sxvil And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid -

the Cud George Bishop (h3lj make use of any malt is hours no i mj — rt for the purpose of making any wort or wall, he shall tice of his pire twelve hours notice in writing to the officer of excise under to\cdj5^n^ ibofe survey he shall then be of his intention to use the same, 0n penalty of order that the said officer may attend to weigh such nlait or aool. n; and if the said George Bishop shall neglect to give such no: as aforesaid, he shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum r two hundred pounds,

; LXVIII And be it further ei>acted by the authority afore mli That, for the purpose of enabling the proper officer dr a (till to be officers of excise to ascertain the strength of the wah on which provided by fmch duty as aforesaid shall have been charged, the said George to

lep shall provide, and from time to time keep, in his distill jsswtoaf houseat Maidstone aforesaid, a small (till, with a worm and certain the ob complete, of a iize sufficient to distill at one time twenty strength of air gallons of wall, and which quantity of wall such officer wort*ctc# r officers is ahd are hereby empowered to take and distill for the pofc aforesaid, when and as often as he or they shall think*and if twenty-four gallons of such wah so distilled shall 1 found to produce more than two gallons and one eighth of gallon of spirits, at the strength of one in six under hydro ter proof, then the whole quantity of wall from which such ity four gallons were taken shall be charged by the proper er or officers of excise with a duty of one shilling per gal and which shall become payable immediately on such barge being made.

LIX And be it further enabled, That it shall not be Mr. Bishop lawful for the said George Bishop, during the continuance of this nt to distill ak to carry on the trade of distilling Geneva in any other jhaotis1^1 place or places than those now occupied by him for that pur sent W0I^C* pofc at Adaidfiom* or therein pfe any stills, backs, or other house, etc. utcnlils, of larger dimensions than those now in use in the said manufa&ory.

LXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That such of the duties by this 26k imposed as shall arise in that Duties to be part of Great Britain called England shall be under the mar om million nagement of the commissioqers of excise in England for the ln Gf cxdre. time being; and such thereof hs shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be tipder the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being....

LXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, i^allonsof

That if any diftijler or distillers who shall make or distill, in foini8, of the

that part of Great Britain called England any spirits for home strength of X

consumption, hall, within the year which shall end on the

fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, ploot, for

extrac^ more than nineteen gallons of spirits of the strength of home con

ppe.to ten over hydrometer proof, for every hundred gallons fumption, be

of ytgftu within the time aforesaid, found in his, her, or their so.ujml fxtr*^*r*»'T«cdlrom 100

J u custody gajjoniof

o

wash, 58. per

gallon to be forfeited for the excess.

Clausefi of6 Geo. 3. C 73 recited.

Sect.9.

Set. 30.

Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III 0.46* f 178ft.

custody or poftefiion, he, (he, or they shall forfeit the fuai 6i

five Shillings for every gallon of spirits so extracted above tfc* proportion aforesaid.

LXXII And whereas by an ally made in the twenty ftxfb year^the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to disconunue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for iht better regulation of the making and vending brit/jb spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain ienpofts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies, rf was enacted, That within thirty days after the commencement af that ally and afterwards once in every three months at the hast the of peers of excise should take an account of the flock 0/britiqi brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, compounds, and aether British spirits, if every reftifier and compounder of spirits, whether a maker of spirits or not; and if on taking such account the fteck ft taken, added to the quantity of spirits for which permits should have been granted to such rellifier or compounder since the time of taking the lost preceding account of such flock, should be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found in such flock at the time of taking such lap preceding account, added to the quantity since legally made or received by permit, with the allowance of thirty'five gallons on every one hundred gallons so made or received, cajling or computing such ft&ek at the /irength of one in eight under hydrometer proof a quantity of pints equal to the quantity ofspirits so found in excess should be forfeited and lofty and should and might be seized and taken by the officer or officers of excise who should dijcover the famty from and out of such stock \ and the person or persons in whose flock such quantity of spirits Jo found in excess should be dfcovered or foundy should also forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds: and whereas y by the said Left mentioned alt, recitingy that for the making unto the rellifiers and corn plunders of spiritsy as well for what they should lawfully moke, as for what they Should lawfully purchase and receive by permity a fair allowance for that increase by water, jugar, syrup, or fruit, which was necessary to render their spirits fit for confumptiony there should be allowed permits for the sending out any number of gallonsy not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and thirty-five gallons 0/british brandy y rectified British spiritsy or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of British raw spirits, at the flrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which they should have received by permity or Should have made according to the regulations and direct ions of that act; and to the intent that permits might not be granted for sending out a greater quantity of British brandy, rectified British spiritsy or compounds, from the flock of any reftifier or reftificrsy or compounder or compounders of British spirits, than that of one hundred and thirty-five gallons for every one hundred gallons which heyjbiy 'Qr they should lawfully make or receive by permit, it was further enactedy That the proper officers of excise should keep an account in their books with ail and every the difiilhr and diftilien, maker and makers, reftifier and reftifiers} and compounder and esm

788*3 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 46. 511

tenders 4/british pints, as will of the quantity of all British fpi* tstvbicb be fbe, or they should legally make or receive by permit, of the quantities of all British spirits for which any such officer'officers Should grant any permit; and when and so often as any Har should be called upon or required by any such dijltller or iiftil f

rs, maker or makersy rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or com winderto grant any permit or permits far the sending out of any rituh firandy, rectified British spirits, raw British pints, British mpemnds, or spirits of wine, exceeding the quantity which be, Jhe, p they ought to have remaining in flock, such officer or officers should nmediately examine, or cause to be examined, the flock in hand of uh distiller or difliliers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, or impounder or compounders, and whatever excess should be found in 'ock? such excess should be forfeited and lost, and should and might be sized by any officer or officers of excise: and whereas it is expedient The recited 0 repeal the f aid recited clauses; be it therefore enacted by the q^fc8 utborify aforesaid, That the said recited clauses shall be, and repeal he same are hereby repealed: and, for the making unto the ed. e&ifiers and compounders of spirits a fair allowance for that Rectifiers to ncrease by water, sugar, syrup, or fruit, .which is necessary to have an al ender their spirits tit for consumption, there shall be allowed the

permits for the sending out any number of galions, not ex j0d# fr jn.: eeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and forty-two creafeby wi gallons of British brandy, rectified British spirits or compounds, ter, etc. for every one hundred gallons of raw British, spirits which they respeciively shall have received from any diitiller or distillers of Briujh spirits (not being a rectifier or redifiers) of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or which they shall re fpe&tvely have made at the strength lpft aforesaid.

LXXIII Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That within thirty days next after the commencement of this Officers to act, and afterwards once in every three months at the least, count of the the officers of excise shall take an account of the stock of British stock Of rec brandy, redtified British spirits, raw British spirits, compounds tifiers, and other British spirits, of all and every redtifier and redtifiers, and compounder and compounders of spirits, (whether a maker or makers of spirits or not); and if on taking any such account the stock so taken, added to the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, since the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found by the officer or officers of excise in such stock at the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock by the officer or officers of excise, added to the quantity since received by permit from any distiller or distillers of briii/b spirits (not being a redtifier or rectifiers of British spirits), at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or made by such redtifier or redtifiers, or compounder or compounders, at the strength last aforesaid, with the allowance of forty-two gallons on every one hundred gallons so made or received, casting or computing such stock at the strength of one V'^

51*

and if any excel in the quantity be found, it may be seized, etc.

If re&ifiers sell spirits of a greater Strength than iin 6 under hydrometer proof, they may be seized.

If any pact of the allowance Should appear not to hate been used, it Shall be taken from the rectifier'll credit.

Thts a ft not to exonerate rectifiers from penalties incurred prior to its commencement.

Geo. 3. c.j 5.

Anno vittsimo octavo Gkokoii III C 46. [17il

In six under hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirita equal totk quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be forfeited, and (hd and may be seized by any officer or officers of oscifc, from and out of such (lock, and the person or per fens in whose fleet such quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be difeoracd a sound, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority sfere said. That no redifier or redifiers, or. compounder or coo pounders of spirits, shall sell or send out aay British brandy, Brttijb redified spirits, British compounds, or other briti/kp rits, or any greater or higher degree of firength than that e( one in IX under hydrometer proof; and if any such redifier*«redifier, or compounders or compounder, shall sell or seed out any Britisht brandy, British rectified spirits, British expounds,

or other British spirits, of any greater or higher degree of (Irength than that of one in six under hydrometer proof, all such British brandy, British rectified spirits, coo

pounds, or other British spirits, shall be forfeited, and dull and may be seized by any officer or officers of exrife, togefeo with the calks and vessels whatsoever containing the same respectively.

LXXV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if, on taking any such account of the flock of mj such redifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders, it shall appear that such rectifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders, has or. have not actually made use of the whole of the said allowance so by this act granted, so.much thereof as shall appear not to have been made use of, deducting therefrom so much as will be sufficient to reduce the dock then found 00 hand to the firength of one in six under hydrometer proof, dull be cut off from his, her, or their credit anything hereinbefore. contained to the contrary thereof ia any wise notwithstanding.

LXXVI Provided always nevertheless, and be k further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to exonerate any redifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders of spirits whatfeever, from any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, to which such redifier or redifiers, compounder or compounders, if this act had not been made, would have been liable, for or by reafoo of any excels found in the flock of such redifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders, before the commencement of tbit ad.

LXXV II And whereas, by an act made in the of the reign ef bit present Myefly, An act for repeating

the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu there, of for the better and more effectual Securing the revenue of cxcifc, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therefe, for thy more oundual and ready payment of (he allowances q .1 be

788.] Anno vicesimo octavo G ion on III C 4 t

to brewers out of the additional duties tmposed oh curie and for rectifying a mistake in an act, made in thia pre northeast session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of aadle* from the additional duty of five pounds upon

he duties of excue imposed by the said act, m3 faffed hr the fund year of his prefrnt reign, -

kmitdy An act for more effectually preventing the exceifive use and a Geo. j. if fjparituoas liquors for home consumption, by laying addi*s: part

iaml duties upon spirits made in Great Britain, or imported reated* into the same 5 and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of british-taoat spirits; and for securing the payment of the dutiies upon spirituous liquors, it was, other things, enafle, i, That, to prevent who made

for exportation, from fraudulently removing wash, low wines, or fruits, theo exeife Should, from time to time, make a tbargi

from thi apparent aecreaje of the waft) of any such distiller or distill iersy except Jucb decreefe did really and truly arise from accident; and that thi officers of exeife were prevented from making true charges tepm decreases in the waflx of fitch difliliers, for want of some certain ruti of afeertaimng the true proportion of spirits that ought to be produced from a certain quantity of wafts, for the better enabling jucb officers to make true charges on the apparent decreases of wafts dsfavered at the dill house orftill houses of every distiller or distillers making spirits for exportation, it was enacted, That, from and after the twentieth day tf July one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, query distiller and diflillers who, at any time between the first day of October and the first day of June in each year, Should make or distill spirits for exportation, Should, for every six gallons of wafts, within Obi time aforesaid, found in his custody, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of exeife at Uaft one gallon of spirits 5 and that every distiller and diflillers who, at arty time between the first day Tune and the first day of October in each year, Should make or distill pints for exportation, Should, for every seven gallons of wash, within the time left aforesaid, found in his custody, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of exeife at least one gallon of spirits, such fpi-^rits to be in each case of the Jirength of one to six under hydrometer % proof 1 and that in every case where the produce of the spirits extra fl ti by any such distiller or difliliers, within those rtfpeflive times,

Should fall Short of the proportions before mentioned, every Jucb distiller or distillers Should be, and be and they was and were thereby chargeable with and Should pay duty for every gallon of such wafts which, within the respective times aforesaid, fbpuld be missing; over and above the said six galions, and even gallons respectively, at the same rate as the duty was chargeable and payable upon the de ereqfe of wafts dfcovered at the still houses of distillers who distilled tew wines and spirits for home consumption \ the officers of ex rise are thereby required, in such cases, to make the presumptive charges, as % vcu for the low wines, as also for the spiritsf upon every gallon of wafts respectively so missing as aforesaid, in like manner as distillers working for botoe consumption were thin charged ttpon decreases of wafts; which said duties, on the said low wines and

spirits,

exportation to foreign parttf, to pro duce to the .officer the within mentioned quan

Anno vicesimo o£uro Georgii III c.4.6. [1788.

pints, foto be charged as aforesaid, jhouu be paid by every /trd> dijliller or dtjuuers, at the respective times and in the same manner, and under the like rules, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as tbi duties charged on dijiillers who difiilled for home mfumption wrt then made payable: and whereas it has been found by experience that the proportions offpir its by the said act prefcnbed are much lower than the apparent deer safe of such wash Would warrant, and it is therefore expedient to provide the proportions herein after mentioned in hen 1788^diftiu/rs t^ereof»lt therefore enacted by the authority aferesaid, Thar,

or spirits for from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, all and every distiller and distiliers, who at any time between the fifteenth day of November inelusive, in any one year, and the fifteenth day of May exelusive, in the next succeeding year, shall make or distill spirits for exportation to foreign parts, shall, for every nine gallons of wah within the.... timelaft aforesaid, found in his, her, or their custody, produce from thepirit810 °cer or °fficers of'excite at lead two gallons

within men f fp, r, ts; and that all and every distiller and distiliers, who at tioned quan any time between the fifteenth day of May inelusive, in any one titiesot wash; year, and the fifteenth day of November exelusive, in the same year, shall make or distill spirits for such exportation, shall, for every six gallons of wash within the time last aforesaid, found in his, her, or their custody, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at least one gallon of spirits, such spirits to be in each case of the strength of one to six under hydrometer proof, and that in every case where the produce of the spirits extracted by any such distiller or distillers within those respective times, shall fall (hort of the proportions herein before prefcnbed, every such distiller and distillers shall be, and he, (he, and they is ?nf or to pay is. re hereby chargeable with and shall pay duty for every gallon jsailoitof^0^ wa which, within the respective times aforesaid, shall

wail missing. he missing over and above the said nine gallons and six gallons respectively, at and after the rate of one shilling and sixpenc; per galion; and the officer or officers of excise shall charge such duty and duties upon such distiller or distillers accordingly, and he, (he, and they shall pay the same within one week next after the same shall be charged or incurred.

LXXVJII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any distiller or maker, or distillers or makers of low wines or spirits, or any rectifier or compounder, or re&ifiers or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in spirits, or any workman or servant belonging to hjm, her, or them, shall obstruct, assault, resist, oppose, molest, .or hinder any officer or officers of excise, in the due execution of any of the several powers and authorities given or granted to such officer or officers, by this or any other act now in force, relating to distiliers, rectifiers or compounders of spirits, or to dealers in spirits or strong waters, every such distiller or maker, reifier or compounder, or dealer shall (except in such cases for which any other penalty or penalties are herein before provided) forfeit for every such offencctbc foip of Iwq hundred ppqnds*

f j^xix. m

Persons obstructing officers to forfeit aool.

5ls

1788.3 Anno vlbesimo o&'avogfiorgil III c.46.

LXXIX And be it further enacted< by the Authority aforesaid That the several duties of excise by an a made in the Duties im twenty seventh year of the reign ofjiis prelcnt Majesty entitled, by % 7 jmacf for repeelingthe several duties of.customs andexdfe % and grant, % ,**

other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the aid duties, to extca&ing*gather with the other duties composing the public revenue \ for per spirits for meeting the importation of certain goods, warts, and merchandise, the home con produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French ^ondnued king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, from jujy 5f remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the 17 88, to July reduction of the national debt, imposed for or in respect of ferments7*9* td wort, or wash brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called Englands, for extracting spirits for home consumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts or any mixture with the same and for or in respect of cyder or perry, or other wash or liquor brewed or made as afotefaid from any sort or kind of British materials, except such as are before mentioned or from any mixture therewith for extracting spirits for home consumption and for or in respect of fermented wort or wah brewed or made as aforesaid from melafles oc sugar or any mixture therewith for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for or in re fpcct of wah brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder or wafhpfcpared from foreign materials 1 except melaffes and sugar or any.mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home confumptien* shall be' and b.c.. same are hereby several ly and respectively continued, from the fifth day of July one thousand fevealumdred and eighty eight until and upon the fifth day of July oneithousand (even.hundred and eighty nine; and the said duties (hfrll several ly and respectively »

be paid and payable by the several and refpacuve makers and. distillers of such wort, wah, eyder, perry, or other liquor respectively, at such times and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures as the said duties by the said act imposed and hereby continued were several ly and respectively payable by law, under or by virtue of the said'act, of spy gther act or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the pafiing of this act.

LXXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That the said last mentioned act except such parts thereof as laftmention are expressly altered, controlied, or repealed by.this act, shall, edact.cx from and immediately after the fifth day of July one thousand hereby alter seven hundred and eighty eight, be revived and continued; and ccj# to je con. the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full.force and tinuedtojuly effect until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven St 1789> hundred and eighty nine.

LXXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or soit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons for anything by him, her, pra^ion8* them done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and

g Anno vicesimo o&tvo Gkoroii III a 46, [17w.

the defendant or defendants in such aaion or salt shall or may General issue. plead the general issue, and give this act and the fpedd mats in evidence at any and to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdia shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plain tiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their aaion or aaions, or be nonfoited, or judgement shall be given again him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such de Treble costs. fendant or defendants shall have treble costs awanlod to Urn, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LXXXII And be it farther enacted by the authority afone how fine are said. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this act cneat edand^!"' or imposed, shall be seed for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, plied.*by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any law er laws of excise, or by aaion of debt, bill, plaint, or inforautioa, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Wtflmnjltr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeaively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture (not otherwise dinacs by this act), shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and facceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or see for the same.

LXXXII And be it further enacted by the authority afore The regula said. That all the powers, authorities, methods, rules, dircchoos, Mon, etc. re regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, dauses, natters, ing spirit for an things, which in or by any aa or acts of parliament rdat* exportation, ing to the making of spirits for exponation to foreign parts, or etc. in force carrying such spirits coastwise, or to the duties upon won er at passing of wtfh brewed or made (or extraaing spirits for home coo fumption, or relating to the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, in force at the tiojp of passing of an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Mass Geo, t. jesty, intituled, An act to for a limited tbepaf

*. 40. tea.; mtnt tj tt duties, upon low wines and spirits for born confumptm, and for granting and feasting the due payment of other dienes in bet thereof i and far the better regulation of the making and vending bh tish spirits, as well for home comfumptien as forexptrtation, and for dell toying all home made and foreign spirits after the condemnation thereof j and for vefling in his Majesty the duties of tntift within the lands of Ferintofh in the eounty e/lnvernefs; and for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies; or in or by the said aa made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti andthofecon* luted. An act to aifcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of she tained in6 duties upon low wines and spirits for home comfumption, and for °ttlur t' n' brant'nt ftturing the due payment of other duties in Btu thtrees,

ievyinjf du an ftr e** of the making and vending British spirits; ties, etc. and for discontinuing, for a limited, certain intptfts and daties

upon rum and spirits imported from though West Indies j are contained, provided, settled, or effablilhed, for making, affefling, raising, levying, colleaing, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the rates or duties V thereby

rbsl] Anno vicesimo ovo Georgii III C 46. 5x7

crcty imposed, or hereby continued, and Cor preventing, de aim, and punching fraud relating thereto, and not being altered, repealed, changed, or controlled by this act, r not being repugnant to any of the natters, clause, pro tfianf, or regulation in thic aft contained, shall be and conto be applied in full force, and be duly obfenred, praftiped, applied, fed, and pot in execution throughout Great Britain, in and for a, vc managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, paying,

dcotcring, adjudging, mitigating ascertaining, enforcing, and xwing the said several duties by this act imposed or continued $ ad ior preventing, detecting, and punching frauds relating bgreto, So far as the same are applicable thereunto respectively, a fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and tvenr the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, cgumtiorts, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, ind things, had been expressly inserted and reenacted in this kdfco

LXXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afore akl That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties. Powers of ibmkiires, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an£» ifi, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Q Second, entitled, Jn att far taking away the court tf wards and this act. liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights ftwice, and purveyance and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, of by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of exetfe upon beer, ale, and other lujuors, are. provided and eftabiilbed for managing, raiflhg, 'levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby

granted, or any of them, (other than and in Such cases for which j,

such penalties or provisions are made and provided by this act), #

shall be practised, used, and put in execution. In and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties hereby granted, as fully and effectu ally, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said,

rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in this present act.

LXXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all the money arising by the duties by this act im Duties to be posed, (the necessary charges or raising and accounting for the pd into the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt a£dc»m«dto of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said moneys the confolt so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be dated fund, carried to, and made part of the fund called The confolidatedfund.

LXXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afore

said, That this a St shall commence and take efsect, as to all such Act to com matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof no cncf»ml° special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from andwh?rc wafpe immediately after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred cial com and eighty eight, and shall remain and continue in force, as to mencement is all such matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof Pr

1738, 9

and contincc in force one year.

Preamble.

Church war densandover seers of the poor, with con fen t of twojustice*, may bind boys chargeable, etc. apprentices to chimney sweepers.

The age of toeapprentice to be inserted in the indenture.

Anno vicesimo octavo gsorgji HI. c..47, 48.

it is not hereby otherwif dipe^ed^for the space of one yeas, V be computed from that day.

CAP. XLVIL

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills pt by papifu, and for relief of Protestant pnrehafes.^— To Septcnbe I, 1788.

CAP; XLVIII r

An act for tie better regulation of chimney J'weepers9 and 'ifcsr X apprentices.

WHEREAS the laws now in being respect: ng: mqfien mi apprentices do not provide sufficient regulations, so as tojn vent various complicated miseries, to which boys employed in climfaf and cleansing of chimneys are liable beyond any other employment whatsoever, in which boys of tender pars are engagedand where di tnifery of the aid boys might be much alleviated, if some legal pswtn and authorities were given for the regulation of chimney sweepers, cw their apprentices: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred, and eighty eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, for the time being, of the several and respective parishes, towrtships, or places, wmiia the kingdom of Great Britain, by and with the consent and approbation of two or more of his majesty's justices of the peace, acting in and for any county, riding, city, town corporate, borpugh, or division, within Great Britain, (such consent and approbation to be signified by such justices in writing, under their hands, according to the form prescribed by the indenture contained in the schedule hereunto annexed) to bind or put our any boy, or boys, who is, are, or shall be of the age of eight years, or upward; and who is, are, or shall be chargeable, or whose parents are or shall become chargeable to the parish or parishes, or places, where they shall so be; or who shall be for alms; or by and with the consent of the parent or parents of such boy or boys, to be apprentice and apprentices to any ^perfop or persons using or exercjfing the trade, business, o; myfiery of a chimney sweeper, for so long time, and until such boy or boys shall attain or come to the age of sixteen years; anj such binding out any such apprentice and apprentices, shall be as effectual in the law, to ail intents and purposes, as if such boy or boys was or were of full age, and by indenture had bound I himself or themselves an apprentice or apprentices. I

II And, to the end that the time of the continuance of thef/rvrr/ of such apprentice or apprentices may plainly and certainly appear, be it further enacted, That the age of every such boy or boys, foto be bound apprentice or apprentices, shall be mentioned and

in felled

3 - Anno vkcbmoodavo Georgii III C 48.'9

d in such indenture, being taken truly from the copy of try in the register book, wherein the time of his or their»prized is or shall be entered (where the same can or may); which copy shall be given and atrefted by the minister, or'corate of such parish or parities or places wherein such'boys baptism shall be registered, without fee or reward, lay be written upon paper or parchment, without any or mark; and where no such copy of such boy or boys baptised can be had, such judices of the peace shall as s they can, inform themselves of his or their age or ages

in such information shall in fen the same in the said inderi ind the age of such boy or boys, so inserted and mentioned in d indenture (in relation to the continuance of his dr their : ) shall be taken to he his and their true age and ages jt any further proof thereof.

Andy to the end and intent that there may be no doubt or un+

\ty as to the form of the indenture, by which such boy or boys f hound apprentice or apprentices as aforesaid, and that thefiipu* and agreements to be made and entered into by the fiid ntafer tress may plainly and fully appear; be it enacted by the autho brefaid. That such indenture shall be made and written Reference ta ccording to the form in the schedule hereunto annexed, jjj* fj^nture hat the same shall not be charged with or liable to the pay inthefehc of any higher or other stamp duty, than is now charged duld. indentures for binding out poor children by their respective ICO or places; any law or statute to the contrary not with mg.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid;

; indentures, covenants, promises, and bargains here Penalty 00 to be made, or taken of or for the having, taking, em prentices ng, retaining or keeping of any boy or boys, as or in the under the age re of an apprentice or apprentices or servant or servants, of*years oyed in the capacity of a climbing boy or chimney sweeper,

shall be under the age of eight years as aforesaid, than is by ift limited oretained, and appointed, shall be absolutely void ic law to all intents and purposes: and that every person shall from henceforth have, take, employ, retain, or keep such boy or boys as or in the nature of an apprentice or ap ikes, or servant employed in the capacity of a climbing boy lumpey sweeper as aforesaid, who shall be under the age of t years s aforesaid, contrary to the tenor and true meaning us ad, and being convicted thereof, as herein after men ed, shall forfeit and pay for every such apprentice or servant y him or her had, taken, employed, retained, or kept, any not exceeding ten pounds, nor Jess than five pounds. r. And whereas, in many large parishes within this realm, then teveral townships or villages, and overseers of the poor are chosen appointed within and for each such township or village r effective be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, at the overseers of the poor of every such township or village Overseers of it and may from time to time, within every such township or the poor erf 1OL. XXXVI Mm village, adv towa

570 Anno vicesimo o£tavogeorgii HL 4$.

Ship or village village, do, perform and fexecute, all and every the acts, poem, I may aft as an(j authorities hejeby enacted or directed to be done, perfw den War" or c*ccuted by the churchwardens or overseers 0# the'per of a parish or place; anything herein, or in any other tew* laws, contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstandiif. I

VI And be it further enacted by the authority tfafm,

Justicestode That it shall and may be lawful for one or more (uchj«kae« termine; com justices, and he or they shall have full power and authority, ad tween matters 1s an<*are hereby authorised and empowered to inquire intoarie** and appren amine, hear, and determine, as well all complaints of harder ticcs. ill usage from the several and respective masters or miftrd&s,

whom such apprentice and apprentices shall be so bound as rib said, as also all complaints of such boys as already have, oreho shall at any time hereafter voluntarily put themselves appreatfees to such trade, business, or mvftery of a chimney sweeper asribft said; and in like manner alio to inquire into and examine, tear, and determine all complaints of masters or mistresses agrinftfeb apprentice and apprentices, and to make such orders titan spectively, as he or they is or are now enabled by law to (toil other cases between masters and apprentices.

VII And be it further enabled by the authority afoicm,

Notmbrethan That no person or persons using or exercising the trade, bufioeft, atthefameca or mystery f a chimney sweeper, shall retain, keep, oreqploy | time. any more than six apprentices at one and the same time 5 aodttet

the name of every person so taking or receiving an apprentice or | apprentices as aforesaid, and also the place of his or her abate, 1 shall be marked or put upon a brass plate, to be fa 0? | offixed in the front of a leathern cap. which every master or mistress shall provide for each such apprentice, and which he shall wear when out upon his duty; and that every aifter or mistress shall forfeit for every apprentice so retained, kep, or employed by him or her beyond the number limited by this act, or for neglecting to provide each such apprentice with such leathern cap. and brass plate to be so affixed thereupon, and marked with his or her name and place of abode as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, my sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, nor less than te pounds.

VIII And be ft further enacted by the authority aforem, Tenalty on That if any such master or mistress shall misuse or evil treat his the matter or her apprentice, or that the said apprentice shall havemyjuft an ^7 the °* cau^c to comp^ain f ihe forfeiture or breach of any of the owe covenants nants, clauses, or agreements, to be expressed and contained to fpecirtedm such indenture, made and written out according to tbefoitnin the indenture, the schedule hereunto annexed, on the part and behalf of fai

master or mistress, then, and in such case, such master or mistress, being convicted thereof in manner heretn*aftennn* tioned, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any fom not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds. Thatboysshall IX And be it further enacted, That no person or persons not he let out using or exercising the trade, business, or irtyftery of a chimney tocliuhc°r ^wwpcr>€t out to & lead by the day or othcrvic: ,

^,

*7*8; ] Anno yioepmo octavo gsqrgll Ilk €. 4*. ?5«

tony other person for the purpose of fwceping of .chimneys before aijjboy or boys that are already apprentice, or apprentices, qr tit shall hereafter be bound apprentice or apprentices, upder (fee jdiretf ions of this att, nor shall catife such boy or boys to call the streets before seven, of the clock in. the mornings nor after tpfdhre* of the clock at^noon, between Michaelmas and ladyday

Dor, before, five of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve q( theclock at noon, between Lady'fay and Michaelmas; and that if .any in after or mistress shall, after the passing of this att, offend in, any of the cases aforesaid, he or Ale shall Forfeit and pay, for qvfty such offence, any (urn not exceeding ten pounds, nor left than five pounds.

; X And be it further chatted by the authority aforesaid, That convfaiooe all convictions for penalties and forfeitures, by this att imposed for penalties' for any offence against the same, shall be made before one or more justice or justices of the peace, acting for the county, x'\dr made before ii>g, city, town, borough, or division, where such offence was one or more commuted, either by confession of the offender or upon the juices f oath, of one or iripre credible witnefi? or witnesses; and for thatthc pcac€* purpose it shall be lawful for one or more such justice or justices, nppi\ Complaints made to bim.or ftiem thereof, to summon the person or persons so offending before him or them to answer to iiich complaint, ; in such manner as be of they is afid are author fifed to do itv any other matter cognizable before amagistrate.

And be, it further chatted by the authority aforesaid,

That all penalties, and for feitures by this att imposed for any of Penalties how fence, neglett, or default against the same, and all costs and to charges to be allowed and ordered by the authority of this att, apple*be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, or person liable or ordered to pay the same refpettive ly, by warrant under the hand and seal of one or more such justice or justices of the peace, atting for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division, where such offence, neglett, or default shall happen 5 and such order for payment of such cost9 or charges shall be made, rendering the overplus of such distress and.(if any) to the party or parties, after dedutting the 'charges of making the same 5 which warrant such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon convittion of the offender, by confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or upon order made as; aforesaid; and the penalties and forfeitures, Costs and charges, when so levied, shall be paid, the one half tt the informer, and the other half to the overseers of the poor of the parish, town ship, or place, where the master or mistress of such apprentice shall dwell and inhabit; and in case such distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said costs or charges shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful ior such justice or justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his or their hand and Jcal, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders, or person. or persons liable to pay the same refpettiycly, to the, M m 2 common

No warrant of distress to be issued until six days after the conviction.

Distress not unlawful for want of form.

Ahno vrcefitno octavo Georgii III C 48. [1

common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division where the offence shall be committed, or such order as aforesaid shall be made, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalty, forfeitflire, costs or charges, shall respectively be sooner paid.

XII Provided nevertheless. That no warrant of distress (has be issued for levying any penalty or forfeiture, costs or charm, until six days after the offender shall have been convicted, and an order made arid Served upon him or her for payment thereof.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That where any distress shall be made for any sum or Toms of money, to.be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself fell not be deemed unlawful, not the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trefpaffers, on account of any default, or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trefpaffers ob initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining; burr the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover a fub Satisfaction for the special damage in an action on the Case.

XIV Provided always. That no plaintiff or plaintiffs feb

torecovcrtor/fccoye'r Trv. any action for any such irregularity, trcfpafc, or any irreau 'toron&rijl proceedings, if tender of Sufficient amends shall he d"*? f ffi" imadepf oj^on the behalf of the party or parties who shall hare lent amends comtrfift^ror caused to have been committed, any such ir 'regblirity or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in cafejio fetch tender shall have been made, it shall and maybe lawful for the defendant in any such action, by leave of the court where' such action shall depend, at any time before jfllifc joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon'such proceedings or orders and judgements shall be had, made; 'and*given, in and by such court, ai in other actions where' the defendant is allowed to pay money into court. /

XV And be it further enadtdd. That Where any oath is hereby required and directed to be taken,the justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division, where the offence shall be committed, jhail administer, and he or they is and are hereby respectively empowered to administer the same.

XVI Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by anything done by any justice Or justices of the peace, in pursuance of this act, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division wherein the cause of such complaint shall arise, having first entered into a recognisance, with Sufficient surety, before such justices, to prosecute and abide by the order or orders that Shall be made on (bch appeal, and also giving, or cauftng to be given, to the jut rice by whole or acts such person shall think himself or herself

Plaintiff not

be made.

Ju (licet to administer oaths.

Persona aggrieved may appeal, etc.

17**0 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 48*

iejf aggrieved, notice in writing of his or her intention to bring riipfr appeal, and of the matter thereof, within six days after the we of such complaint shall have arisen,

*, And be it further exulted by he authority aforesaid, That this at shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub i and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whom foe vcr, without Specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE to which the A C T refers.

THIS Indenture, made the day of

in the year of the reign of our sovereign lord

Qttrge the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, Frame, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith. See. and in the year

of our Lord between A. B. and C D.

churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of

in the county of [or E. F. the father or

n$xt friend of the boy to be placed out, as the taft may of the one part; and of the parish

of, in the county of chimney

sweeper, of the other part: witnesseth. That the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor [or the said. F. M tbt raft megrbe] by, and with the consent and approbation of G, H. and /. K. two of his Majesty's justices of die peace acting in and for

the county, riding, city, town, borough, or diviuqd [at taftmay be]fignified as hereunder written, pm, bound, and by these prefects put and bind

a poor boy of the said parift), tbwnship, or place, being of the age of years [er '

taft may be] to be apprentice to the said M being his first, second, third, fourth, fifth, er sixth apprentice [ex the taft may bt] to learn the trade, bufioeft, art and mystery of a chimney sweeper, and with him, (or her) to dwell, remain, and serve from the day of the date of these presents, for and during the term of years, from hence next eaiding, fully to be complete and ended, during all which time he the said apprentice, his said master (or mistress)

faithfully shall fitrve and obey, his (or her) secrets keep, and his (or her) lawful commands everywhere gladly do and perform; he shall not haunt alehouses or gaming houses, nor absent bim (elf from the service of his said master (or mistress) day.or night. Without .his (or her) leave, but in all things as a faithful apprentice shall behave himself towards his said master (or mistress) and all his (or her) during the said term: and the said

in consideration of the good will which he (or (he) hath and beareth towards the said apprentice, and of the faith — 'full service To to be performed by him, doth hereby covcn#pit, promise, and agree with the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor, [or the said. F. as tbt taft may bt] that he (he) he said his (or her) fai4 apprentice, in

..................... %

Public

524 Anno vicesimo o£eavo Georgii lit. C 48. f 178k

the art and mystery 6f a" chimney (Weeper, which he (or (be) pow ufcth, shall and will teach and indraft, or cause to be taught and indrufted, in the bed manner that he (or (he) can, ml shall and will provide and allow unto the said apprentice, doting all the said term, competent and sufficient meat, drink, wacting, lodging, apparel, and all other things necdtary for the bid apprentice: and that the fid executors, ad mini drat on,

pr assigns, shall not nor will assign over this present indenture, pr the apprentice to be bound thereby, without the confer and approbation, in writing, of two or more such justices of the peace, to be signified according to the form of the approbation hereunder Written. And whereas, from the nature of the business or employment of a chimney sweeper, it is necessary for the boys, employed in climbing, to have a dress particularly fsitai to that purpbfe, which drcis is only fit for that part of the occupation; the said doth hereby ikb

covenaht, promise, and agree to and with the said churchwardeaf and overseers of the'pdor, [r the said. F. as the case may be] to find and allow such suitable dress for the said apprentice, as often ai deed or occasion shall be and require, and provide for nd deliver to the said apprentice, once in every year at kafi^ dhrinfcthe term aforesaid, over and above the said dress for^draining, pne whole and complete suit of clothing, iwtfi fultabte toieri, dockings, fiats, and (hoes: and further, Tfist the ford r'shall and will, at lead once in

ftvery irepr; cabfefhe&id apprentice tti be thoroughly wsflwd and .cleansed from foot and dirt, and shall and will require ttfe Aid appfebtifce to attend the pubtick worthip of God on the fib bath day, arid permit and allbw him to receive the benefit of any other rdligidus instruftiort; add that the said apprentice (half n wear his (weeping dress on that day: and that the said

mall not, nor wtff corbpel or oblige thd said ippitb tice td ca the Greets, or any other places, before seven df fw clock its the mbrrtirig, nbf after twelve of the clock at noon, tween Mkhaeltnih and lasy^day^ nor before five of the deftc H the mbrtiihgk tf 6r aftvr twelve of the dock! at noon, bctwem la<fy day and Mithttlthai: and thit thd said shall nof, nor will af any time during the said term, let oot hft [or her) said apprentice tori Air by the day, dfent, or otbttltfft, to arty other ptrfon of persony exercising or using the said trade, nor mall the said or any perfotl of

persons tvhorrisoever by his (or her) direftibns, requite or force him the said apprentice to climb or go up any chimney which shall be actualty on fire, nor make use df any violent or itriprd* per means to force hint to dimb of go up arty such chimney; but shall ip all things treat his (tit her) said apprdritice with as much humanity ana care as the nature of the employment of i chimney sweeper will admit of. Xri witnefc, C

fi

Anno vicesimo oltavo Georgii III C 49. 525

Form of approbation by justices.

_ that above named G. H. and /. AT. two of his majesty's.

[justices of the peace ailing in and for the county, riding, town, borough, or division [as the case may be] having lurupe&cci and examined the above named

boy to be placed out orassigned over] do hereby consent to and approve of his being bound [or assigned overj as an apprentice to the above named [the maser or

according to the terms and stipulations expressed in tjixe above written indenture.

CAP. XLIX

An act to enable justices of the peace to act as such, in certain cases, out of the limits of the counties in which they actually are.

WHEREAS the adminijiration of justice Is frequently ob Preamble. Jlruftei for want of refidetit justices of the peace, and might furthered in case the justices acting for two or more adjoining

ktji^are enabled to act for the same if personally present in either in which they act for remedy whereof, in future, may it; your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled? king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and it gf the .lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, fijorn and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be Wypfui (or any justice or justices of the peace, acting as such for more counties being adjoining counties, to act as^pr justices of the peace in all matters and things whatfo concerning or in any wise relating to any or either of the! counties, and that all ad and acts of such justice or justices [tfig peace, and the ad and acts of any constable or other officer in " tdience thereto, shall be as valid, good, and effedhul in the, to ail intents and purposes whatsoever, as if such ad or. of the said justice or justices, had been done in the county $£cgimtics to which such act or acts more particularly relate;

constables nd other officers of the said county or counties tyt which such act or acts relate, are hereby authorised and re auifed to obey the warrants, orders, directions, ad and acts of justice or justices so granted, given and done, and to do 8}q4. perform their several offices and duties, under the pains and penalties to which any constable or other officer may be liable for a neglect of duty: provided always. That such justice or juf t}ccs be personally resident in one of the said counties at the time of doing such act or acts: provided also. That the warrants, orders, or directions, foto be given and granted, be directed and given in the first ioftance to the constable or other officer of the county to which the same more particularly relate.

II And be it further enacted by the authority afofesaid, That Qonstables, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be law ^deta^hed fui for any constable, tythingman, headborough, or other peace diftritfsmay > Mm officer, carry offcnd

5*6 Anqo vicesimo oftayo georgii IIL C 49. [1781*.

trstbcrrfnbe officer, or any other peripn or ppfons apprehending or taking fofre il, fticc iqto custody any person or per font offending against law, tod to whiehm^cb whom they lawfully may and ought to apprehend and take di&ftct* be info custody by virtue of his or their office or offices, or other*long, though wise howsoever, to convey and take the person or persons soap thy5** prehendyd pr taken, into enftody as aforesaid, to any jufti^e pc ppupty etc. justices of the peace acting fof the said county, and resident m 9*fuel) adjoining county as aforesaid; and the said conftahka,

tythingmen, ncadboroughs, and other peace officers, and all and every other person or persons, are hereby authorised, im powered, and required, in ail such cases, foto act in all things as if the said justice or justice of the peace was or were refidcot within the said county to which they respectively belong; and all and every person or persons obstructing or hindering the £ud conftabjes, tythingmen, headboroughi, or other peace officers, in the execution of their respective offices, in the said county or counties adjoining as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby nude 1 liable to the same pains and penalties, for such obstruction sod hindrance of the said officers in the execution of their tespective offices, as if the same had been committed in the county for which the said constables, tythingmen, headboroughss or other peace officers, were appointed to adh Sheriff, etc. Jll. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, qpnvcy from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawfdl

such detached any or otllcr pcrfpn or persons deputed by him, or

districts, ^adfing under his authority, ponstable, headborough, tything through furman, or other peace officer, or any qther person or persons law

rounding #ully taking into, or having in his or their custody rdpedhrdf,

the gaol of ?n Pcrf°° or persons offending against law, and whom he or the county to lay may or might lawfully convey to gaol, or an? place of Me which the custody, to convey or take the fold person or persons foin cof

diftnet bp tody as aforesaid, into and through any part or parts of the said

longs. county or counties so adjoining in their way to Aich gaol of place of safe custody within the county wherein such offencewas done or committed and all and every person or persons cleaning from such custody as aforesaid, or aiding or assisting such enpd or cscapes, or rescuing such person or. persons foin custody as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like pains and penalties for lack escape or escapes, and for such aid and assistance so given as aforesaid, apd for such refeufc and refeues, as if the said escape or escapes hgd happened, or such aid and assistance had been giveo, or such refeue or, refeues made, in the county wherein such offence was done or committed.

IV And whereas by an at passed in the ninth year of the reign of % Oeo. X C 7. juing George the First, (entitled, An act for amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor), provision is made for enabling jufliees of the peace, dwelling inanyaty or otbet freeing being a aunty of itjelf9 situate within a eemnty at large, to act as such jufliees for the county at large, at certain fdaegs within such city, town, or other precintt: and whereas fitch pro ytjiens have been found benefleiai to the public!, but doubts have srifin

; - y fk*

rr] Anno vicesimo octavo gsoroil III C 50,

itb 'tfjpttt t the (onftrufiim of the ad in certain cases \ ftr

e ntmtving whereof, be it enabled, Thar, from and after the tflkg of this att, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, a (fling for any county at large, to act ait any place within any city, town, or other prccinst, a county of itself, and situate within, surrounded by, or j)«mling to any such county at large; and that all and every ttfcpafft'and aits, matters and things, done by such justice or tffiteei of the peace for the said county at large, within such itjv town, or other pecinit, shall be as valid and effectual in He law, as if the same had been done within the said county t targe to all intents and purposes whatsoever: provided af rsy*> That nothing in this ail contained shall extend to give lower to the justices of the peace for any county at large, not letag justices for such city, town, or other prccinil, or any ionftable or other officer ailing under them, to ail or interpaddle in any matters or things arising within any such city, Dtn, or precindt, in any manner whatsoever.

CAP. L

An ta to amend, and continue, for a limited time, an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for further regulating the trade and business of pawnbrokers.

Preamble.7 Geo. 3. C 37. Recited aft continued for one year. A daufc in laid aft; feet. 17. repealed. Public act.

' CAP. LI

au act to explain, amend, and enlarge the powers of so much of two as, paired in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his pre t Afcyefty, for improving and completing the navigation of the ri vers Thames and Ifia, from the dty of London to the town of crick lade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the aiarnfera frota the boundary of the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Stains, in the county of Middlesex, to the said town of ctekjabe,

Preamble, ti Geo. «. C 45* whereby the commissloners had ratted 3^061. arid expended the same in making pound locks, Ac. and tow ing paths from Stains in Middlesex to Cleeve in Oafordshire. 15 Geo. 3. C si.v comxnii&oners had expended 50, 000!. not sufficient to complete the works. Old powers confirmed. Tolls and works veiled in commttfioners. Commissioners, by their treasurer or clerk, may bring or defend actions. Any person to bring aftiods against comtairaoners, in that oameof treafnrfcr or general clerk. Actions not to abate by death or removal of treasurer or clerk. Power to borrow 25, 000!. more. Power to lay tods. To alter tolls. Restriction of tolls to 4d. per tonne at any one lock. Tolls to be collected at pounds or other places. Account of tolls to be put up. Power to distrain for tolls. Manure to be toll free. Penalty on illegal claim to exemption iol. one moiety to the informer, the ocher for use of the navigation. Penalty on forcible passage lot. and commitment to hard labour for three months. Commissionera to settle depth of water barges to draw, not exceeding 3 feet 10 inches. Erery veftcl to have inches clear board when navigated. Tonnage to be taken ht pound locks on boats when laden to depth of 3 feet9inches and no more. To take double tolls if barges are overladen. Power to make cpta to pr from ajpoynd lock. Power to sell and purchase lands, Ac. for cuts. Commimoneri to getermiqc the fie of locks and barges.'Coot

5*7

Justices for counties at large may aft within any city being a county of itself, situate therein brad jpiningtofuch county;

but cannot hold their

Suarter fcf on in such dty, dcc.

commifbonera may make bye hwp. Orders for laying tolls, and a, ing bye laws, to be confirmed at subsequent meeting. To prevent it 1 mages by overflowing of the rivers. Tolls and works to be free d j taxes. No person employed for gain or hire, to act as a connsismo. i Recital of a&for amending navigation from Bercot to Oxford. Ttut works have been made. That works may be transferred to the commi (Boner 8 of navigation. Mode of recovery and application of peul tics. Power of appeal to general meetings, or to quarter sessions. pub lick at.

Preamble. 10 Geo. 3. C 16;

IX Geo. $. C

and 15 Geo. 3. C 84. recited

No petition complaining of an undue tlcftion or

CAP. LII

An act for the further regulation of the trials of controverted ek tions* or returns of members to serve in parliament.

WH E REAS, by an act of parliament pajfcd in the tenth year of the reign of hit present Majesty* entitled, An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament, certain regulations were establijbt4, fa a time therein limited sat the trials of controverted eltftions* mu turns of members to serve in parliament: at whereas, by enid passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty* it tituled* An at to explain and amend' an a made in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act to regulate the trials f controverted e left ions or returns of members to serve in partemout* further' regulations were made therein: and whereas the frm&rn of the said acts were by an act passed. in the fourteenth year of tie reign of his present Majesty* continued and made perpetual: ad whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of tin reign ej. his present Majesty* intitulidi An act to limit the duration of polls and fcruiinies, and for making other regulation tricking the election of members to serve in parliament fine pluses within England and Wales and for Berwick upon Turned and also for removing difficulties which may arise for want of returns being made of members to serve in parliament, the poo* visions of the said acts were extended in the manner thermo, mm txoned* to petitions complaining that no return has been made toe writ issued for the election of a member or members. to serve in per liament* wit hin the times limited in the said act or that fiub return is not a return of a member or members according X tie ropdfitimri the writ: and whereas it is expedient that further regulations Jbmi be wade for the execution of the said feveroil acts, and that prompts Should be made for discouraging persons from presenting frivolous or vexatious petitions or Jetting up frivolous or vexatious defence m any of the cafo to which the above recited acts relate, end that fro vtfion Jboula also be made for the final decision of guefiions respecting the righ(s of voting at suck cleft ions or of uofninattng or appearing the returning officer or returning officers who are to prefidt Unroot: be it therefore enabled by the King's most excellent tnajjcfty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirinial and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the same. That no petition complain ing of an undue election or return, or of the omission of a return, or of the infuflfoiepey of a return, Stall be proceeded

upon,

Amiri vicesimo ofttfvo Georgii III C 52. 529

lort* in that manner pteferibed in the said above recited acte, return, to be kuflr life same shall be (ubfertbed by some person or persons proceeded mmhlg'therein to havd had a right to vote at the election to jjjbfcribed^t Wch the same shall relate, drto have had a right to be re herein men rtmd as dbly eleatdthertfat, or alleging himself or themselves tioned. >havfe beeh a candidate or candidates at such eledhon: pro 4ed always, That in any case where a writ has been issued for e dtdtiofl of a member to serve in parliament for any district

burghs in that partof Great Britain called Scotland, any such 'tition as aforcfvid shall and may be so proceeded upon, if the mefltairbe subscribed by any person or persons claiming thereto have had a right to vote at the election of any delegate r delegates, Commitfioner or' commissioners, for choosing d argefs for fetch district.

II And be it further enacted, That if, at any time be in the cases ire the day appotrrttfd for talcing any such petition into con ged^noticeto deration, the speaker of the house of commons shall be inr he Cent bytae >rmed, by a Certificate in writing, subscribed by two of the speaker to the idmbers'of the said house, of the death of the sitting member returningofli*sitting members, of either of them, whose election or return cross r Complained 6p in such petition, or of the death of any mem pe

or members returned upon a double return, whose election tition relates, i^turci is complained of in such petition, or that a writ of tumnone has been iffacd, under the great seal of Great Britain, tofutrtmon any such member or members of parliament as a pees 6f Great' Britain; or if the house of commons shall have refolded that the seat of any such member is by law become sfeam? 6r if the said house shall be informed, by a declaration m#ritsfig, subscribed by such member or members, or either dlthem, as the case shall be, and delivered in at the table of the hduse, that it is not the intention of such member or members

ter defend hi Or their election or return; in every such case notice thereof shall immediately be fern by the speaker to and a copy fhb fhdfiff. Or other returning officer for the counry, borough or place to which such petition shall relate, and such sheriff or doorsof^the* other returning oflfeer shall cause a true copy of the same to be county or affiketf on the door of the county hall or townhall, or of the townhall, ptrifh church neafeft to the place where such dedlion has J ne*fest ofuahy' been held, and such notice shall also be inserted, by fnfcrtcdin Order of, the speaker, itt the next London Gazette; and the or the gazette, der for taking such petition into consideration shall, if necessary, Order (brisk be adjourned, fa that at the lead thirty days may intervene bein? such pe tweeh the day on which such notice shall be inserted in the said titloj?jint? gntttc and Hie day on which such petition shall be taken into may ad 0* Consideration. journed.

HI. And be it ertadtej, That it shall and may be lawful, at Within ja any time within thirty days after the day on which such notice days after no fhaf! have been inserted in the said gazette, foe any person or ice is foin {jerfons claiming to have had a right to vote at such election, ^zeue^anr or at the election of delegates or commissioners for making such f0jer maype tsection, to pethtort the house, praying to be admitted as a tition to be ' ' T'r' pny admitted a

53*

party in the cbmplafot.

Members giving notice of their intention not to defend their clc$ion, not to be admits ted as pirties again ft any such petition, C

No proceedings to be had upon any petition, unleft one of the fubferibera enter into a recognisance to appear before the house at the time fixed for taking it into confederation.

and if no recognisance be duly entered into, they>r derfor taking the petition into confederation to be discharged, unless cause shall be fecn for enlarging the time, C

Recognizances to be entered into before the speaker, and

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 52. [17u,

party or parties, in the room of such member or members, or either of them 5 and such person orperfbns shall thereupon fc so admitted as a party or parties, afid hu be considered a hich, to all intents and purposes whatever.

IV And be it enacted, That whenever the member a members, whose election or return is so complained of in fab petition, shall have given such notice as aforesaid of his or dtdr intention not to defend the same, he or they shall nor be admitted to appear or a St as a party or parties against such petition, in any subsequent proceedings thereupon, anything, fa the above recited acts to the contrary notwithstanding; or they shall also be restrained from sitting in the house, or voting in any question, until such petition shall have been decided upon in the manner prescribed by the above recited acts and by this act.

V And be it further enacted, That no proceeding shall be had upon any petition, by virtue of the above recited acts or of this act, unless the person or persons {ubferibing the same, or (ome one or more of them, shall, within fourteen days after the same shall have been presented to the house, or widaa such further time as shall be limited by the house, pcrfooahy enter into a recognisance to our sovereign lord the King, according to the form hereunto annexed, in the sum of two hundred pounds, with two sufficient sureties, in the fain of one hundred pounds each, to appear before the house at such dine or times as shall be fixed by the house for taking such petition into consideration, and also to appear before any. fele& committee which shall be appointed by the house for the trial of the same, and to renew the same in every subsequent session of parliament, until a select committee shall have been appointed by the house for the trial of the same, or until the same shall hate been withdrawn by the permission of the house; and if, at the expiration of the said fourteen days, such recognisance shall not have been so entered into, or shall not have been received by the speaker of the house of commons, the speaker dull report the same to the house, and the order for taking such petition into consideration shall thereupon be discharged, unlds, upon matter specially dated, and verified to the satisfadtiod of the house, the house shall see cause to enlarge the time for entering into such recognisance; and whenever such time shall be so enlarged, the order for taking such petition into consideration shall, if necessary, be podponed, so that no such petition shall be so taken into consideration till after Ifuch recognisance shall have been entered into and received by the (pester: provided always, That the time for entering into such recognisance shall not be enlarged more than once, nor for anj number of days exceeding thirty.

VI And be it enacted. That the said recognizances shall be entered into bdfore the speaker of the house of commons, who is hereby authorised and empowered to take the same; and the Efficiency of the sureties named therein shall be judged of and

abowcd

-1

?s.j Anno vicesimo ofiavo Georgii 111. C 52. 531

lowed by the said speaker, on the report of two persons ap fofficiendf rioted by him to examine the lame, of which two persons the ark, or desk assistant of the house, shall always be one, and f by bin 0. te of the following officers, not being a member of the said the report of Male, shall be the other) (that is to say) mailers of the high the person narc of chancery, clerks in the court of King's bench, protho j^erei "men ntatryes in the court of common pleas, and clerks in the court uon< '

F eaccbequer; and the said persons so appointed are hereby au loiffified and required, to examine the same, and to report their kdgeroent thereupon; and are also hereby authorised to de taod and receive such fees, for such examination and report, a shall be, from time to time, fixed by any resolution of the louse of commons.

VII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Sureties living my case. where the party or parties, who are to enter into such more than 40 ccoenizance, or his or their sureties, or either of them, shall ?*!, ej/rom y ttftde at a greater difiance from London than forty miles, it ^*t"r r "SHALL and may be lawful for such pany or parties, surety or sure nizance be ties, respectively, to enter into such recognisance before any sore a juftke.. of his majesty's justices of the peace } and his majesty's justices of the peace, or any of them, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to take the same and such recognisance, being duly certified under the hand of such justice, and being trans milted to the speaker of the house of commons, shall nave the Came force and effect as if the same had been entered into before the said speaker: also, That it shall and may be Affidavits lawful for the persons to whom it is referred by the speaker to e before a examine the sufficiency of such surety or sureties, to receive Sahcerr ori as evidence, in their said examination, any affidavits relating justicevto be thereto, which shall be sworn before any master of the high received as court of chancery, or before any of his majesty's justices of the '^rnce of peace; and such mafiet of the high court of chancery, or justice of the peace, respectively, is hereby authorised to administer 1 such oath, and is authorised and required to certify such affidavit under his hand.

VIII And be it enacted, That the house shall not permit Nopetition to any such petition to be withdrawn, except so far as the same be withdrawn may relate to the cledtion or return of any member or Wleftthe members who shall, since the same shall have been present ha" e ea ed, have vacated his or their seat by death, or in any other been vacated, manner.

IX And be it enacted. That if the petitioner or petitioners, Recognizan

wbo shall have entered into such recognisance as aforesaid, cet F shall not appear before the house by himself or themselves, or Sharing'be* 1*" by his or their counsel or agents, within one hour after the fore thehouse time fixed, in pursuance of the above recited acts, and of this at the time ad, for calling in the respective parties, their counsel or P*

agents, for the purpose of proceeding to the appointment of a appointment (elect committee; or if the fcledt committee, appointed in 0r a select pursuance of the said acts, and of this act, for the trial of such committee, petition, shall inform the house that such person or persons did ^*.^o'*j'*

I n wchequer^

I

53$, Anno ytcegma octavo Georgii II c*52. f 1jh&

- not appear before the said committee, by himfcif or themfent % or by his or their counsel or agents, to profecpte tbtirfcidpfr tition j or if such person or persons shall neglect ra renew thdr said petition within four sating days after the dby; of the cost mencement of every session of die same parliament, fubfagootf to that in which such petition was firli presented, and oil*fc!ecb committee shall have been appointed for ttpri eflbe same, or until the same shall have been withdrawn by tbcptr mi (lion of the house, in every such case such person or pcrfaw shall be held to have made default in hi or their said recogft* zance; and the speaker of the house of commons shall tin upon certify such recognisance into the court of excheqaff, and shall also certify that such person or perfoas have madeds fault therein, and such certificate shall be conclusive ewkfaoct of such default, and the recognisance being so certified Uni have the same effect as if the same were eftreaud from aeftft Recognisance of law: provided always, That such recognisance and ccttsim to^dellver an cvcry ca^c^delivered, by the clerk or clerks edtythederk figant of the house of commons, into the hands of them a Aidant into chief baron of the exchequer, or of one of the barons pftk exchequer, or of such officer of the court of exchequer as4bl be appointed by the said court to receive the same.

X And whereas by several provifeons contained in the cbm* recited acts mode in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign if kit present Majesty, Sunday and Christmas Day are exceptedfymtbt general regulations of toe said afts\ be it hereby enacted, Tta regulations of in every such case. Good Friday shall.also be excepted therefaty the recited in the same manner as if the same had been specially excepod&9' in the said acts.

preceding nd 11 a ena<^cc^> That if, on the day imomdii*

Chriftmasday, ty preceding any of the three following days, that istofy See. there shall Christmas Day, pfhitsunday, or Good Friday, after reading the not be ioo order of the day for taking any such petition as aforesaid into ft nt" !)? Pnot conf, c^cral*on» lt shall found that there are not one hundred excufed4can members present, or that the number of forty-nine member, not be com not fet aside or excused, cannot be completed, it shall and miy pitied, the or be lawful for the house, if they shall think (it, anything in der for taking the above recited alts to the contrary notwithstanding, todirafi Uon into con tjiat le orcier all he adjourned for any number of dip, federation, and and the house shall then immediately be adjourned to the hour the house and day to which such order shall be so adjourned may bead XII And whereas it is tnacted, by the said act pajfid in the db journer) or v(nth year of the reign of his present Majesty, that on the

pointed for taking such petition into confederation % the house Jbailm proceed to any other business whatfeoever, except the fostering if mashers^previous to the reading of the order of the day fortbet pv pose be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the house, previous to reading such order, to receive any report from any felelt committee appointed in purfuanccof the above recited alts', or of this act, and to enter the lame upon their journals, and to give the necefiafy ordermnd^cdioos

there

the exchequer,

Gcod Friday to be exempted from the

any number or days.

Oo days appointed for taking petitions into con lidcration, reports from fc

1788.3 .Anno v'iccsimo o&avogfcorgii HI. C 54. >533

thereupon; and that previous to reading the said order, the' left commit derk of the crown may be admitted to alter or amend any rec f taro, inpurfuance of on order made on a' preceding day, or p^jj^vto on that day; and alfe, that it shall and may be lawful for the reading the house, previous to reading the said order, to postpone the same, order of the for the purpose of attending his Majesty, or his majesty's com ay. missiontrs, in the house of lords, in consequence of any mef fege fromhis Majesty, or from his majesty's commissioners, signified to the house in the uftial manner.

XIII And be it also enacted, That if, within one hour af If petitioners rer the timfe fixed in pursuance of the above redted acts, and do not appear of this act, for calling in the respective, parties, their counsel hour*after the or agents, for the purpose of proceeding to the appointment of time fixed for a fcled committee, the petitioner or petitioners, or some one appointing fe or more of them, who hall have signed any such petition, commit fltall not appear by himfdf or themselves, or by his or their |fevfortaidmr counsel or agents the order for taking such petition into con such petitions fideration shall thereupon be discharged, and such petition shall intoconsider not be any farther proceeded upon in the manner directed in an to be the aboveiredted sand in this act. discharged.

XIV. And be it'enacted, That if, within one hour after Regulations the time so appointed as aforesaid, the sitting member or sitting for trial of the members, or other party or parties oppofing the petition, shall {fjons were by himself or themselves, or by his or their counsel no party ap or agents, or if, at the time so appointed as aforesaid, there pears to of shall be no party before the house opposing the petition, the pof^ them, house shall proceed to appoint a feled committee, to try the merits of such petition, in the following manner; (that is to say) that the names of forty-nine members shall be drawn, in the manner prescribed in the above recited acts, but in reducing the list of such names to thirteen, the place of a party opposing the petition shall be supplied by the clerk appointed .to attend the said committee, who shall, as often as it shall come to his turn, as supplying the place of the party opposing the petition, to strike out a name, strike out that name which then shall be first in the said list; and in every case where the party opposing the petition would be empowered, by the above re cited acts, to notninate one member to be added to the said thirteen, the said thirteen shall, from among the persons present in the house at the time of drawing the names of the members, choose one person to supply the place of the member to have been so nominated, in the same manner as is directed by the nbove recited act made in the eleventh year of his majesty's reign, in the case where there are more than two parties on 4iftmd interests.

XV 'and be it further enacted, That the same method of ^cthol^f reducing the list of members drawn to thirteen, and of no reducing the initiating a member to be added to the thirteen, remaining on iifttoi3tnem the said list, shall be respectively followed, whenever any party hers, See. to shall waive his right of (hiking off names from the aid list, or of nominating a member to be added to the said thirteen. party (halt

XVI And waive hit # right to do it

53+ Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 51.' £17!?.

witnesses not XVI And be it further entded, That if any perloa fash attending the moned to attend the said select committee by the warrant of the mittector* fr^kcr of the said house, or by order of the said committee, giving Talfe shall disobey such summons, or shall give false evidence, or evidence, etc, prevaricate, or otherwise mi (behave in giving, or in refnfing tobac^bamit 10 gjvc> evidence before the said committee, the said committee ted* shall have power, by a warrant to be signed by the chairman,

and directed to the sergeant at arms attending the house of'commons, or to his deputy or deputies, to commit fitch person (not being a peer of the realm or a lord of parliament) to the custody of the said sergeant, without bail or msm prize, for any time not exceeding twenty-four hours if the house shall then be sitting, or if not, then for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours after the hour to which the house shall then be adjourned.

XVII And whereas it is enacted by the said act made in the tenth year oj his Majesty's ritgny That if more (ban two members of tk said Jeleft committee shally on any account, be absent therefrom, the said Jeleft committee Shall adjourn in the manner in the said8 directed, and fa from time to timey until thirteen members ere of sembled; and that no such determination as in the said act is mentioned Shall be madey nor any quejlion be propoftd, unless tbirtten members Shall be present 5 and that no member jhau have a vote on such determination, or any other quejlion or resolution, who be not attended during every sitting of the said fete ft committee; and thgt % in case the number of members able to attend the said eommittee Jbass, by death or otherwijey be unavoidably reduced to less than thirteen, and Shall so continue for the space of three sitting days, the said eommittee Shall be di[folvedy and another chosen to try and determine the matter of such petition, in the manner in the said act before proved ed\ be it hereby enacted, That whenever any committee (han fa^f^business lave at or business fourteen days, not including those dap 14 days, 11 00 which they shall have adjourned on account of the absence

members may of any member, nor including Sunday, Christmas Dajy or Good proceed Friday, it shall and may be lawful for them to proceed to bu

therein; nefs, jf a number of members not less than twelve be present;

and in such case, the committee shall not be dissolved by reason of the absence of the members, unless the number of members able to attend the same shall, by death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than twelve, and shall so contiiwe and if s; days, for the space of three sitting days; and whenever any comsi member mittee shall in like manner have sat for business twenty-five may proceed, jays, it shall and may be lawful for them to proceed to bofi nets, if a number of members not less than eleven be present; and in such case, the committee shall not be dissolved by rea (bn of the absence of the members, unless the number of members able to attend the same shall, by death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than eleven, and shall so continue for the space of three sitting days.

Committees XVIII And be it further enacted. That every such cousin their ye mittee, at the same time that they report to the house their

final

Anno vlcefirpo octavo Georgii III C 53.' 535

i ml dwtcrmination on the merits of the petition which. 4hej^pprt« to men mere (worn to try, shall also report to the house whether'such i1" 3etitiqn did, or did not, appear to them to be frivolous or appear^o bec" exatious j and that they shall in Jike manner report, with re frivolous or peto every parry or parties who shall have appeared before vexatioui. hem in opposition to such petition, whether the opposition of beb party qr parties respectively did, or did not, appear to hem to le frivolous or vexatious; and that if no party shall rave appeared before them in opposition to such petition, they hall then report to the house whether such election or return,

r loch a Hedged omission of a return, or such alleged infus icieocy of a return, as shall be complained of in such petition, iccording as the case shall be, did, or did not appear to them o be vexatious pr corrupt.

XIX And be it enacted, That whenever any such com Parties oppof anittce shall report to the house, with respect to any such peti ing petitions ion, that the same appeared to them to be frivolous or vexa "ported** tious, the party or parties, if any, who shall have appeared be y.q^9or n fore the committee in opposition to such petition, shall be entitled to recover, from the person or persons, or any of them,

who shall have signed such petition, the full cods and expenses which such party or parties shall have incurred in opposing the same j such costs and expenses to be ascertained in the manner herein after directed.

XX And be it also enacted. That whenever any such com and petition mittee shall report to the house, with respect to the opposition

made to such petition by any party or parties who shall have ap vcxatiou(ly or peared before them, that such opposition appeared to them to be fmoloufly frivolous or vexatious, the person or persons who shall have signed opposed.to be such petition shall be entitled to recover from such party or entitled to^parties, or any of them, with respect to whom such report ^ncca!

shall be made, the full cods and expenses which such petitioner pr petitioners shall respectively have incurred in prosecuting their laid petition; such.cods and expenses to be ascertained in the manner herein after directed.

XXI And be it also enabled, That whenever, in any case Where nowhere no party shall have appeared before such committee in party appears opposition to such petition, such committee shall report to the such ° house.. respect to the election or return, or to the alledg petition, the ed omission of a return, or to the alleged insufficiency of a re costs and ex tur^ complained of in any such petition, that the same ap pences to be peared to them to be vexatious or corrupt, the person or per ^{fn«yj[em fops who shall have signed such petition shall be entitled to re a cover from the sitting member or. sitting members (if any)*whole election or return shall be complained of intuch petition,

such sitting member or sitting members not having given.notice as aforesaid of his or their intention not to defend the fam$, or from any other person or persons whom the house shall have admitted or directed to be made a party or parties to oppose such petition, the full cods and expenses which fpeh petitioner pr petitioners shall have incurred in prosecuting their said pe vql. xxxvl. Nn tition;

How such costs and expenses arc ter be ascertain ed.

536 Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 52. [1788

titlon; such costs and expenses to be ascertained in the manner here n after directed.

XXII And be it enacted, That in the several cases hereinbefore mentioned, the costs and expenses of prosecuting or opposing any such petition shall be ascertained in manner following; (that is to say), That on application made to the speaker of the house of commons, by any such petitioner or petitioners, or party or parties, as before mentioned, for ascertaining such costs and expenses, he shall direct the same to be taxed by two persons, of whom the clerk or clerk aftiftant of the house shall always be one, and one of the following officers, not being a member of the house, shall be the other; (that is to say), matters in the high court of chancery, clerks in the court of king's bench, prothonotaries in the court of common ptas, and clerks in the court of exchequer; and the persons so authored and direfied to tax such costs and expenses shall, and they arc hereby required to examine the same, and to report the amount thereof to the speaker of the said house; who shall, on application made to him, deliver to the party or parties a certificate, signed by himself, expressing the amount of the costs and expenses allowed in such report; and the persons so appointed to tax such costs, and report the amount thereof, are hereby authorised to demand and receive, for such taxation and report, such fees as shall be, from time to time, fixed by any refdunoa of the house.

XXIII And be it enabled. That it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties entitled to such costs and expenses, or for his, her, or their executors or administrators, to demand the whole amount thereof, so certified as above, from any one or more of the persons respectively, who are herein before made liable to the payment thereof, in the several cases herein before mentioned; and, in case of nonpayment thereof, to recover the same by action of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record at ivejuninjler; in which action it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff or plaintiffs to declare that the defendant or defendants is or are indebted to him or them (in the sum to which the costs and expenses, ascertained in manner aforesaid, shall amount) by virtue of this act; and the certificate of the speaker of the house of commons, under his signature, of the amount of such costs and expenses, together with an examined copy of the entries in the journals of the house of commons, of the resolution or resolutions of the said select committee or committees, shall be deemed full and sufficient evidence in support

Judgement in of such adtictfi or debt: 'provided always. That in every such action of debt, no wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the party or parties in whose favour judgement shall be given in any such action, shall recover hb or their costs.

XXIV And be it further enacted. That in every case

rauvera rw where amount of 'such costs and expenses shall have been e32sk: recovered from any person or persons, it shall and maybe

If costs. See. be not paid on demand, they may be recovered by action of debt, etc.

such actions to entitle the party to costs,

Persons paying costs may recover a pro

1788.] Anno vicesimo oaavo Georgii III C 52. 537

lawful for such person or persons to recover in like manner of from any from the other persons, or any of them, if such there shall be, Pfrfon* who shall be liable to the payment of the said costs and ex, C thereto, pences, a proportionable share thereof, according to the number of persons so liable.

XXV And be it further enacted, That whenever any such When the felea committee, appointed to try the merits of any such pe jp^irsof titioa as aforesaid, shall be of opinion that the merits of such onquepion* petition do wholly or in part depend on any question or ques refpetfing the tions which shall be before them refpeaing the right of elec right of election for the county, city, borough, diftria of burghs, or tron ctc f other place to which such petition shall relate, or refpeaing the Tight to right of choosing, nominating, or appointing the returning of be delivered ficer or returning officers, who is or are to make return of such in writing; eleaion, the said committee, in such case, shall require the an.^x^c com counfei or agents for the several parties, or if there shall be port*cwithc" none such before them, shall then require the parties them tbeirdeter selves to deliver to the clerk of the said committee, statements imnation on in writing of the right of eleaion, or of choosing, nominating, tbc nies

or appointing returning officers, for which they refpeaively Jhfir judge*contend; and the committee shall Come to diftina resolutions menton such on such statements, and shall, at the same time that they re lfcatements. port to the house their final determination on the merits, of such petition, also report to the house such statement or statements, together with their judgement with refpea thereto: Report to be and such report shall thereupon be entered in the journals of ?Dterc<| in the the house, and notice thereof shall be sent by the speaker to thereof thesheriff, or other returiring officer of the place to which the sent to the refame shall relate; and a true copy of such notice shall, by such turning offi fhtriff or other returning officer, be forthwith affixed to the ccr»ctc* doors of the county hall or townhall, or of the parish church nearest to the place where such eleaion has usually been held 5 and such notice shall also be inserted, by order of the speaker, in the next London gazette.

XXVI And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Persons mar, for any person or persons, at any time within twelve calendar within twelve months after the day on which such report shall have been {(jchreportf made to the house, or within fourteen days after the day of petition to be the commencement of the next session of parliament after that admitted to in which such report shall have been made to the house, to°ppofcthe petition the house to be admitted as a party or parties to of Jfon1 rtcclcc"> pose that right of eleaion, or of choosing, nominating, or ap thereby efta pointing the returning officer or returning officers, who is or blilhed;

are to make return of such eleaion, which shall have been

deemed valid in the judgement of such committee.

XXVII And be it enacted, That if no such petition shah be but if no such so printed within the time above limited for presenting the same, the said judgement of such committee, On such ques the^ifdge** non or questions, shall be held and taken to be final and ment of the condufive in all subsequent eleaions of members of parlia committee to ment for that place to which the same shall relate, and to all beconclusive.

N n 2 r 1 iht^nts

53«

Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 52.' [1788.

intents and purposes whatsoever; any usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Forty days to XXV ill. And be it enacted, That whenever any such pe intervene be tition shall be so presented, a day and hotfr shall be appointed

tween the p^fcnting: and hearing such peti tiona, etc.

Before the hearing such

by the house for taking the same into confederation, so that the space of forty days at the least shall always intervene between the day of presenting such petition and the day appointed by the house for taking the same into confederation; and notice of such day and hour shall be inserted, by order of the (peafccr, in the next London gazette, and shall also be lent by him to the sherifff or other returning officer for the place to which such petition shall relate; and a true copy of such notice shall, by the said sherifff or other returning officer, be forthwith affixed to the doors of the county hall, or townhall, or of the parish church nearest to the place where such election has usually been bekf,

XXIX And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, at any time before the day Jo

P 7'. anj appointed for taking Inch petition into con fidera lion, to peri petisoitto^be tion l^c house to be admitted as a party or parties to defend admitted to such right of election, or of chuftng, nominating, or appoint defend furl ing the returning officer or returning officers*and such period turn °fc^cc" orpcl^ons shall thereupon be so admitted, and shall be coo ion, C C hdered as such to all intents and purposes whatever.

XXX And be it enacted, That at the hour appointed by the house for taking such petition into consideration, the house

to try the shall proceed to appoint a felcft committee to try the merits men so uc tilercof^ according to the directions of the above recited acts, and of this act; and such select committee shall ibe fwont to try and determine the merits of such petition, so far as the same relate to any question or questions respecting the right of election for the place to which the petition shall relate, or receding the right of appointing, nominating, or choosing the returning officer or returning officers who are to make return of suck election; and the determination of such committee on such question or questions, shall be entered on the journals of the house, and shall be held and taken to be final and condufite in all subsequent elections of members of parliament for that place to which the same shall relate, and to all intents and purposes whatever, any usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI And whereas it is amongst other things ena£ui+ iff* act passed in the second year of the reign of his late majesty trig George the Second, intitutied, An act for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to serve in parliament. That such votes Shall he deemed to he legal which have been so declared by the last determination in the house of commons; which last determination concerning any county, flare, city, borough, cinque port, or place, Shall be final to all intents ami purposes whatever, any usage to the contrary notwithstanding; be it

and the same enacted. That so much of the said act as is above recited shall repealed m a^the same js hereby repealed, in so far only as the same rrhteto^ny relates, or might be construed to relate, to any such determira determina

Committee to he appointed

peti; ionnf whole determination shall he con dufire.

Geo. t. C 14. in part recited;

1788.j Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 52. 539

tion to be made !n the house of commons subsequent to the n fuhie passing of this 3<3. ?uen.v°

XXXII And be it enacted, That all and every the roles, regulations, authorities, and powers, prescribed or given by re" it*rt L to the above recited acts, or by this act, to feloft committees for be in force the trial of controverted elections or returns, shall be in full with respect force and effect with respect to select committees appointed by to commit virtue of this act for the trial of such question or questions of ^uniier this right as aforesaid, in as full and ample a manner as if the same a(; t. were herein repeated, and particularly and specially enacted, concerning such select committees: provided always. That the Regulations several rules and regulations herein before enacted, by which touching re certain persons are directed to enter into recognizances, and by payment which certain persons are made liable to the payment ofcosts, of cotta not to in the particular manner and in the several cases herein before apply to p: i specified, shall not be construed to apply to the case of any pe n relating titkm presented in pursuance of this act, and relating solely to ^fp aiyr question or questions respecting the right of election, or of; ng ripht ot' chasing, nominating, or appointing a reluming officer or reelection, turning officers.

xxxiil. And be it further enacted. That whenever it shall Combiner happen that parliament shall be prorogued while any select b the committee shall be sitting for the trial of any such petition as prroroyavnn aforesaid, and before they shall have reported to the house their of parliament, determination thereon, such committee shall not be diilol CD by such prorogation; but shall be thereby adjourned to twelve of'the clock on the day immediately following that on which parliament shall meet again for the dispatch of business, sun days. Good Friday, and cbri/imas Day, always excepted), and

ah former proceedings of the said committee shall remain and continue to be of the same force and effect as if parliament had not been so prorogued; and inch committee shall meet on the day and hour to which it shall be so adjourned, and shall (henceforward continue to sit from day today, in the manner provided in the above recited acts and in this act, until they thall have reported to the house their determination on the merits of such petition.

FORM of the RECOGNISANCE referred to in this act.

BE it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of our Lord before

me A. B. [speaker of the house of commons] or [one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of ]

came C D. E. F. and J. G. and several ly acknowledged thera selves to owe to our sovereign lord the King the following sums; that is to say, the said C D. the sum of two hundred pounds, and the said E. F. and the said the sum of one hundred pounds each, to be levied on their respective goods and chattels, lands, and tenements, to the use of our said sovereign lord the

nn 3 King,

540

Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 53. [ 1788.

King, his heirs and successors, in case the said C D. shall fal in performing the condition hereunto annexed.

The condition of this recognisance is, that if the said CD (haq duly appear before the house of commons, at such time or times as shall be fixed by the said house for taking into con federation the petition signed by the said C Z. complaining of an undue eiedion or return for the cf

[here specify the county city, borough, or difirift of burghs] or complaining that no return has been made for the said[ [

] [ ] within the time limited by && of

parliament, or, that the return made for the said[ [ ]

[ ] is not a return of a member or members according

to the requisition of the writ, and shall appear before any feledf committee which shall be appointed by the house of commons for the trial of the same, and shall renew his said petition in every subsequent session of this present parliament, until a select committee shall have been appointed by the said house for the trial of the same, or until the same shall have been withdrawn by the permission of the said house; this recognisance to be void, othenfcife to be of full force and effect.

CAP. LIII

An at to indemnify and save harmless all persons who may have«curred penalties or forfeitures under on off, puffed in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An act to diftolve the present and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, matters of ships, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the navigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom, and for the further encouragement of the coal trade; and also an act, passed in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the better regulation of the coal trade; and for the bitter preventing of combinations in the trade of coalsm

Preamble. X HEREAS by an off passed in the ninth year of though reign9Anne, C a8. of Queen Anne, (entitled. An act to difiolve the present and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, and mailers of ships, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the/iavigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom: and for the further encouragement of the coal trade, ) it is enabled. That if any lighterman or lightermen, majier or mafitri offlips, crimp, coal fafior, or other person or persons, buying or Jeff ing or dealing in coals, or otherwise concerned in the coal trade, by bim or ihemselyes, his or their agent or fervent, or any other person or persons, stall, at any time or times from and after' the first day of June one thousand/even hundred and eleven, receive or take, for the use er benefit of such lighterman or lightermen, mafitr or mafttrs of ships, crimp, coal factor, or other person or persons, any salary, gratuity, reward, allowance, sum or [urns of money, from any coal owner, fitter,

788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 53.

rr, majier ofships, or other person or persons wbomsoever, for con tr&sting, buying, vending, selling, r difpofwg of any particular sorts off coals in prejerence of any other sorts ofcoals, ar for the loading of aany or vessel, or for the difpateh, delivery, disposal of the coals from on board of any hip or hips, or vessels, before other ship or ships, or. vessels, or flail knowingly sell one Jort of coals for and as a sort wtosich they really are not, every person offending half for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds: and whereas, by an pojjei in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King Cieorge the Second, (entitled. An act for the better regulation of 3 Geo. the coal trade, ) after reciting the above recited clause of the said act C 26. of the ninth of Queen Anne, it is enabled. That every person who, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand [even hundred and thirty, Shall take or receive any premium, gratuity, re ward, sum or sums of money, or allowance in coals, or in account, or otherwise, from any coal owner, fitter, or majier of a slip, or any of their agents or servants, for contrasting, buying, vending, or dispos ieeg of, any particular sort of coals, or Shall otherwise offend, con sr ary to the true intent and meaning of the above recited clause of the said act, Shall, over and above the penalty inflicted by the said act for such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; and Shat every coal owner or fitter, who stall, after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, by himself or them jelyes, his or their agent or servant, give or agree to give to any slip majier, lighterman, crimp, or buyer of coals, or to any of their agents or servants, or to any person or per fans in trujl for such ship majier, lighterman, crimp, or buyer of coals, any premium/salary, gratuity, Toward, sum or sums of money, or any allowance in coals, or in account, or otherwise, for contra sting, buying, vending, selling, or dif poftng of, any particular sort of coals, or for the loading of any slip or veffil with such coal owners coals, or for the difpateh, delivery, or disposal of such coals from fitch coal owners collieries of Jlaiths; and every person who flail knowingly sell one sort of coals for and as a sort which they really are not; every such coal owner, fitter, or personfo offending, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said recited act, stall, for every futh offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five hundred pounds: and whereas, notwithstanding the [aid two recited a ft s, for many years pqfi, it has been usual and cujlomary for the owners of collieries in the northern parts of this kingdom to charge a higher pi ice to ships loading coals for A London market, than to tboje loading for the out ports \ and, in conference thereof, to make certain allowances to the London coal buyers, at fated periods; which allowances have confiituted the principal part of the reasonoble profits of the London coal buyers, yet great numbers of actions have been commenced dgasnfi various persons in the said trade, as well owners as buyers, on the ground that such allowances are contrary to the two clauses of the said acts above recited: and whereas the persons against whom the said actions are brought, did not introduce the practice complained of, but found it an txifling custom prevalent in the trade when they embarked their fortunes in it: and whereas the actions so brought, should the informer fucceei in them, might be attended with the ruin of many of

N n tbo

For indemnifying persons against whom anions have been brought, t*>ev paying LI costs of the informers

Any number of persons ex? ceeding five nnitipg for the purchase of coals, to be deemed a combination.

Public act.

Anno viccomo octavo Georgii III C 53. [1788.

the persons against whom such actions have been brought; in order, therefore, to prevent so much mifehies, litigation, and cxpeace, may it please vou Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons whomsoever, against whom any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information hath been brought, or which shall be brought, in any of his majesty's courts of record at jveflminster, for any penalty or penalties incurred before the passing of this act, by reason of the said recited provisions of the said acts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and third of King George the Second, or either of them, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and dft charged from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred for or by reason of the said recited provisions of the said acts of the ninth of Queen Anney and the third of King George the Second, or either of them; anything in the same acts, or either of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: provided always. That all costs incurred in prosecuting and carrying on any ftrch action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, shall be born and discharged by the person or persons against whom any such action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, hath been brought: provided also. That this actor anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any person against whom final judgement shall have been given in any aduon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record, for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by reason of the said acts, or either of them; and that the person or persons against whom such action, bill, plaint, or information hath been or shall be brought, may plead the geoeral issue, and upon their defence give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon.

II And whereas a certain number of coal buyers have formed themselves into a society, and held private meetings at the coal exchange in the city of London, prof effing to make regulations for the purposeof tarrying on the trade in coals, which regulations may have a tendency t9 prevent the said trade from being free and open: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first of ju*e

one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, any number of persons united in covenants or partnerships, or in any way whatsoever, confining of more than five persons, for the purchasing of coals for sale, or for making regulations with respect to the manner of carrying on the said trade in coals, shall be deemed and adjudged to be an unlawful combination to advance the price of coals, and every person concerned therein shall be liable to be punished by indictment or information for the same, in his majesty's court of King's bench at Westminster.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, to all intents and purpases; and shall be judicially taken noiice of

as

>88.-3 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 54.' 543

such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, ithout tyre same being specially pleaded or set forth.

CAP. LIV

fzi to regulate, for a limited time, the shipping and slaves

in British vtjftls from the coaji of Africa.

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and - Preamble.

ing of slaves in British veffth from the of Africa; be

it ttverefore enabled j and it is hereby enabled by the king's nod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of he lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present iprliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That From Aug. 1, C shall not be lawful for any matter, or other person taking or 17*8, no vef laving the charge or command of any British ship or .vessel what M clearing ever, which shall clear out from any port of this kingdom fi-om <3reat°britain and after the ttrtt day of August one thousand seven hundred and l0 carry slaves eighty eight, to haveon board, at any one time, or to convey, carry, from Africa bring, or transport ilaves from the coast of Africa to any parts in s^ner beyond sea, in any such ship or vessel, in any greater number J" "5n en "in the proportion of five such slaves for every three tonnes of tioned. the burden of such ship or vessel, so far as the said ship or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tonnes; and moreover, of one such Have for every additional tonne of such ship or vessel, over and above the said burden of two hundred and one tonnes, or male slaves who shall exceed four feet four inches in height, in any greater number than in the proportion of one such male slave to every one tonne of the burden of such ship or vessel, so far as the said ship or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tonnes, and (moreover) of three such male Haves (who shall exceed the said height of four feet four inches) for every additional five tonnes of such ship or vessel.. and above the said burden of two hundred and one tonnes; and every such ship or vessel shall be Veflelstohe deemed and taken to be of such tonnage or burden as is deferib deemed of the ed and set forth in the respective certificate of the regittry of each Jn

and every such ship or vessel, granted in pursuance of an act their certifi made and passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his pre cates of font Majesty, (entitled. An act for the further intreafe and en rek*ft*y* auragement offlipping and navigation: ) and if any such matter, Matter of or other person taking or having the charge or command of any vessel to for. such ship or vessel, shall acl contrary hereto, such matter, or every'fla^ other personas aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of thirty exceeding the pounds of lawful money of Great Brita, for each and every limited such Have exceeding in number the proportions herein before number, limited; one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall tirtt sue for the same.

II Provided always. That if there shall be, in any such ship If more than or vessel, any more than two fifth parts of the slaves who. shall be children, and who shall not exceed four feet four inches in children, $ height, thep cyery five such children (over gnd above the afore of the surplus

said to be deemed

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 54. £1788.

said proportion of two fifths) shall be deemed and taken tok equal to four of the said (laves within the true intent and meaoh(

of this at.

III And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefin^ That on the arrival of any such ship or vessel in any island ia the iveft Indies, belonging to, or under the dominion of his Majesti^ from the coast of Africa, carrying or conveying any such Asm as aforesaid, the master, or other person having or taking tk weftlndics.to charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, before any of oath tefe aves* or landed from such ship or vdf

the officer repair to the nearest customhouse, and there declare, oa the customs, oath, before the colleger, or other chief officer of the custoou (who is hereby authorised and required to admintiler the bid oath) the burden of such ship or vessel, and shall at the hmc time shew to such officer the certificate of the registry thereof, and shall also deliver to the said officer upon oath (who is hereby aythorifed and required to administer the said oath) an exaa and true account of the greatest number of such (laves, and jpe cify the number of such (laves as shall exceed theafore&id height of four feet four inches, who were or shall have been at aoy one time in or on board such ship or vessel, before, when, or after such ship or vessel quitted or departed from the coast of Afrki Master land for that voyage; and if such master, or other person taking or ing slave having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, Aal to^oforfeu6 un^*p or anc or to be unihipped or hacted,

544

equal to 4 (laves.

Matters of vessels, before they land any slave in the

the burden of the vessel. See.

5 ool.

shall wilfully permit or fufier to be unshipped or landed, tty such (laves, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a such master, or other personas aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every such offence; and one moiety of the said foriettoit shall go to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety of the said forfeiture shall go to the person or perfoas Officers of the who shall first sue for the same: and it shall and may be lawfel customs to for such collector, or other chief officer of the customs, and he is hereby required to search, or to cause search to be made in every part of such ship ot vessel, to see and to take an account of the number of such (laves on board such ship or vessel, audio specify in such account the number of (laves not exceeding (burr feet four inches in height: provided always. That in case the faij collector, or other chief officer of the customs, shall be absent, or that there shall be no such officer in any such island where the said ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no such other officer of the revenue, then any civil officer in the said island shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon application as aforesaid, to administer the said oath to such master, or other person taking or having the charge of such vessel, and to receive the said declaration of the burden of such ship as aforesaid.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall not be lawful for the master, or other person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel

as

take an account of the slaves on board such vessels.

Where there is no officer of ihe custom, any civil officer to receive the oath of the master.

vessel to

c*rry any fl«rves, unless

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 54. 545

aforesaid, which shall be cleared out from any port in Great ft be entered riimim after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred'thatpur id eighty eight, to take or have on board such ship or vessel, f^ou^and*

convey, carry, bring, or rranfport any slaves from the coart unlcfc the furs Africa to any parts beyond sea, in any such ship or vessel as pon give oresaid, unless such ship or vessel shall, at the time of her so "ond tokccp earing out, have been entered for such purpose at the custom thc°dumkr wife of the port from whence (he cleared out; and unless the of the (laves, irgeon of or belonging to such ship or vessel shall have given See. during ond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall have leftvoyage.

same in the hands of the collector or comptroller of the cuf )ms in the port from whence such ship or vessel shall depart for ich voyage to the coast of Africain the penal sum of one hundred ounds, with condition, that such surgeon shall keep a regular nd true journal, containing an account of the greatest number A slaves which shall have been, at any time during such voyage, m board such ship or vessel, from the time of the arrival of such hip or vessel on the coast of Africa as aforesaid, until her arrival it the port of her delivery, and of the deaths of any such slaves )t crew of the said ship or vessel, and of the cause thereof, during the voyage, from the first departure of the said ship or vessel, to her arrival on the coast of Africa, during her stay on the said: and after her departure from thence to the said port of delivery, or during such time as such surgeon shall have been on board such ship; and that the said surgeon shall deliver such the'officerat journal to the collector, or other officer as aforesaid, at the first the first bri briti/k port where such ship or vessel shall arrive after leaving tifli port of the coast of Africa, and shall make oath to the truth of such arrival journal, to the best of his knowledge and belief, before such col Officer to de le&or or other officer as aforesaid, who is hereby authorised and LI to the required toadminister the said oath; and such collector, or other Sroeon co officer as aforesaid, shall deliver to such master, or other person pics of the as aforesaid, and to such surgeon respectively, copies of the oath oath of the of such master, or other personas aforesaid, and also of the said former, and journal, which copies shall several ly be attested (as true copies Utter and by such collector or other officer as aforesaid, under his hand and \0 transmit sea); and duplicates of the said copies, attested in like manner, duplicates to shall be transmitted by the said collector, or other chief officer, the comraif to the commissioners of his majesty's customs in London; and if lhc

such master or surgeon shall at contrary hereto, such master or Rafter or surgeon shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one furgeonaaa hundred pounds; one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, ing contrary his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof shall go to hcrcto.to for any person or persons who shall sue for the same. fcit Iool#

V And be it further enaqed by the authority aforesaid. That aatocxtend the several provisions contained in this act shall extend and be in to ships which force, with respect to such British ships as aforesaid as shall have Au 1 1788 failed before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred if*copy be*and eighty*eight, from any port of Great Britain, and shall on delivered to the coast of Africa take on board and convey any slaves to any the comparts beyond sea, in all cases where a printed copy thereof shall "ca^rt^ckf^c

ks in more than

54-6 the limited number of slaves.

Ifatthe time of the deli.. of the at, there shall be on

of (laves of anydeferip tion beyond the allowed proportions, no more of that deferip tfon is to be received nor

Anno vicesimo octavo Georg III C 54. [17w.

be delivered to the commander or principal officer of any fafc ship, before such ship shall have taken in a greater number cf (laves than in the proportions herein before limited.

VI Provided always. That if any such British ship as ifort said shall have on board a greater number of the said Oaves, of any description, than in such proportions as aforesaid, attht time the copy of this ais delivered to such commander or pritw ih^pa number clpa* °cer* or other person having charge of the same as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful (or such commander or principal officer as aforesaid, or any other person having charge of the same, to receive on board any more of the said description of (laves than shall have been on board at the time of the said copy of this act being delivered, or of any other description of flares. To as to exceed in the whole the proportions herein before preicribed, reckoning five children who shall not exceed four feet four inches of an other n as to fur grown (laves, as aforesaid, and if any

so as to°cx**such matter, or other personas aforesaid, shall a contrary toe ceed in the to, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds of hwfot whole the money of Grtat Britain, for every such slave so taken on bond;

prescribed an(j onc mo, cty of the said forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, fail

heirs and successors, and the other moiety to any person or per contraryhcre ons who shall Arft sue for the same.

to, to forfeit VII Andy in order to tie due execution of this acty with refptq 3ol. for every to such ships as Shall have Gaoled previous to the first day of Augsft, |atc*.. one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, be it enacted by (be appoint a pro authority aforesaid, That it shall and ui2y be lawful for thelonh per person to commissioners of the admiralty to appoint a proper perfoo tie deliver copies persons to deliver copies thereof to the commanders, or other oft head to principal officers, who shall be on board such ships or veflebt mamkrs'of which person or persons so appointed shall be, and he and they ships which is and are hereby authprifed to take an account of the number failedprevious of the (laves, their sex, and such of them as shall exceed (he to«sug'i5* height of four feet four inches, on board such ships as they dull take anac 0 nd on the coast of Africa or the seas adjacent thereto, at the times they shall deliver the printed copies of this at on board the same, by muttering the said (laves; and the said period or persons to be appointed as before provided shall, with as Hide delay as possible, transinit to each of the collectors of the customs in the British ittandf in the ivejl Indies^a list of the ships on

count of the ihves.

A list of the Ships to which the act has been deliver

stot to the collectors of the customs in the ilritith West-india iilaads.

ed, etc. to be board of which copies of this a shall have been delivered, as herein before provided, and of the names of the commanders thereof, together witi> such account so taken in each vessel as

aforesaid.

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any commander or officer, or other person, on bmrd Commanders, of any fych British ship as aforesaid, shall obttruft or hinder any etc. obstruct pcrf0^ or persons to be appointed by the lords committioners ot j'onsvo^p^ the admiralty, as herein before provided, from examining and pointed by ascertaining the number of (laves in any such ship or vcflej in tnc admiralty manner aforefiid, such commander, or officer, or other person forfeit tool. j0 pbftrudiiqg or hyid$ring as aforesaid, (h^ll, fer every such

offenp*,

88.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 54.

ence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of law money of Great Britain, one moiety whereof shall be applied the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other >icty to him or them who shall fuc or prosecute for the same.

IX Provided always. That nothing in this act contained ill extend, or be construed to extend, to the case of a ship ring on board any number of (laves that shall be found hip teked, or from on board any other ship or vessel where, by lion of mutiny or infurreltion among the (laves, or the crew, by failure of hands, or by any altual distress of the vessel, the ifter or commander shall be disabled from governing the ship', continuing the voyage; the proof of which shall lie upon the 1j5crt or person haying charge of such ship or vessel so taking i board such (laves.

Xs And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, latin every such ship or vessel the upper as well as lower thq* and the space between decks, shall be allotted and pro riy prepared for the reception of the said Haves; and that after jfuch ship or vessel shall have taken two thirds of her com sotent of Haves on board, in the proportions herein before reded, no goodi, wares, or merchandise, shall ever be flowed gut in any such cabin or place in which any such Haves

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ijat, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven and eighty eight, it shall not be lawful for any person become a matter, or to take or have the command or charge ttfty such ship or vessel at the time (he shall clear out from any jft of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Haves from ^rjpoafto(africa, unlefsfuch master, or person taking or hav gthe charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall have My served in such capacity during one voyage, or shall have m as chief mate or surgeon during the whole of two voyages, either as chief or other mate, during three voyages, in pur m6ng and carrying Haves from the coast of Africa; under pain At such master, or person taking or having the charge or com apd of any such ship or vessel, and also the owner or owners, bo tfiall hire or employ such person, shall, for every such of ncc respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

Xlt. And be it further enalled by the authority aforesaid, 'hat from and after the first day of August one thousand seven undred and eighty eight, it shall not be lawful for any owner r owners of any such ship or vessel to insure any cargo of (laves, r .yoy part thereof, on board the same, against any loss or wage, save and except the perils of the lea, piracy, infur iftion, or capture by the king's enemies, barratry of the maf and crew, and aeftrultion by Are; and that all and every ofiey of insurance, hereafier made contrary to this act, shall C and the same is hereby declared to be null and void, to all iteats and purposes whatsoever.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

547

Not to extend to Ihipstaking on board (laves found Shipwreeked, C

The upper and lower cabin, and the space between decks, to be allotted to the (laves, and no goods to be stowed therein after two thirds of the compliment shall be on board.

If any perfoa take the charge of a vessel, who ifl not qualified as herein directed, he shall forfeit 50*. at also the owner who (hau hire him.

No insurance to be made against any loss, except the perils of the sea, C

548 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 54. [1788.

No vessel to be That no such ship or vessel shall be allowed to clear out, untefc

tha^ha8°not.a appear to the collector or other principal officer of the

furgeon8 to*customs at the port, that there is one surgeon at lead engage

her, who has to proceed on board such ship or veflel5 and unlefe fudi (urgeot

pasted hisexa shall have produced, to such collector or other principal officer

minanon at Of tfoc customs, a certificate of his having passed his ezatntnadeit furgeoob hall. at furgeong halj. 6f

XIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. If the officer That if it shall be made appear; to the satisfaction of the CCI at the port of leclor, or other principal officer of the port where such ship or any vessel, vee am be discharged, that there shall not have died more shall be fat if than in the proportion of two (laves in the hundred, from the fied that there time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Afrkty have not died, \0 the time of her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the voyage ^raore ans n lhe Indies belonging to or tender though dominioo than mthe of his Majesty, in such case, the collector brother principal proportion of officer as aforesaid shall, and he is hereby autboriied and requir a^iavr uln the ct mac out certificates, specifying the number of Haves the appear to have been taken on board the said ship or vessel, and the number that have died within the period abovementioned; one of which certificates shall be delivered to the matter, and the other to the surgeon of such ship or vessel; and on production of fur£e?» ad such certificates, the commissioners of his majesty's customs in thereof to the England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby com million authorised and required to direct the sum of one hundred pounds er ofthecuf to be paid to the matter, and the sum of fifty pounds to be paid t°^rdei cthye to^urgeon lip or vessel, out of any money that shall

mafte/iool? he n t*le hands of the receiver-general of the customs of Engkd and Scotland respectively; or if it shall be made appear to the collector, or other principal officer as aforesaid, that there find not have died more than in the proportion of three (laves in the hundred, from the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Africa, to the time of her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the said West-india islands, in such case the collector or other principal officer as aforesaid shall, and he is here V ty authorised and required to make out like certificates, and to ticm ofjiltthe deliver one to the master, and the other to the surgeon of such 100; on the ship or vessel; and the commissioners of the customs in Englni Potion of and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised matter to be arm rc(lu*re<^ on production of such certificates, to dire the fom of fifty pounds to be paid to the master, and the sum of twenty-five pounds to be paid to the surgeon of such ship or Vessel.

100 of her cargo, he ito give certificates to the matter and

and the surgeon 50u and like certificates to be given where the mortality has not been greater than in the propor

XV And whereas cases may occur in which it may be just ead tnfati

paid5ol. and the surgeon h

Commission warrantable that compenfatim fkould be made to individuals who met ers appointed fujiq{n [0jje5 in consequence of this act be it further enacted, That tzr Brook ivatfon esquire, Samuel Btacbcroft esquire, and wilseu tained in con Roe esquire, shall be, and they are hereby appointed commit frqnence cf fioners for the purpose of inquiring into any losses which may this act, by^fuftajncd, in consequence of this ak by any merchants or

!ha apply owners of any ships or vessels engaged in the African trade, who before Sept, i, shall make application to the said commissioners before the fed 1788. day

549

Persons so applying to lay before the comnaifiion ers the ground of their claims

commissioners may examine upon oath;

are to determine the amount of losses, and report to parliament what compensation (hold be made the claimants.,

comntfflion era to take the following

8 8.3 Anno vicesimo odfotvo Georgii III C 54.

y of September next ensuing; and that all persons making such plication shall, as soon as they are enabled foto do, lay be rdthe said commissioners full statements of the grounds of cic rerpeftive claims, specifying the particulars of all the exaces, net proceeds, profits or losses attending the voyage or Lwfeature, in respect of which such application ihail be made, get her with all such circumstances as shall appear to the said tafttnifiioners necessary for their information, in order to afeer in the losses of the persons h applying; and the said commis xiers shall have power to examine upon oath, touching the tatters of the said claims, all persons whom the said commis oners shall think fit; and all persons are hereby directed and Mjuired punctually to attend the said commissioners at such me and place as they shall appoint; and the said commissioners, s soon as they shall have completed the examination of the ttend claims laid before them, shall determine the amount of so losses which bona side have been sustained by any of the said Ipimants in consequence of this act, and which the said lausnants shall not have been able to avoid, and shall report, as boa as conveniently may be, to both houses of parliament, that compensation shall appear to the said commissioners to be mdonable to be made to such claimants: and the said commis iooers, before they proceed to take any step in pursuance of this ift» shall take an oath before the master of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's^bench, or common pleas, or one of the barons of the exchequer,

(which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer, in the form following; that is to say,

Ijf. B. do swear. That, according to the bed of my (kill and oath.

_ knowledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute the several powers and trttfts veiled in me by virtue of an act, entitled, An q8 to regulate, for a limited time, the hipping and carrying fiaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

XVI And be it further enacted. That the lords commission Treafiiry to ers of his majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the °rd^o0j time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue payment and cause to be paid all such (urns of money, not exceeding two of clerks, ?rc. thousand pounds, to such person or persons as the said commissioners shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direst, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's ex chequer; whichfum so issued and paid shall be employed fosthe payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said commissioners, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf; the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charges to be taken or demanded

55°

Hi Majesty may appoint to vacancies of comniif fioners during the recess of parliament.

How offences may be tried,

and how penalties may be fucd for.

Limitation of actions.

Persons committing, or suborning others to commit perjury, to be liable to the penalties inflicted by law thereon.

Continuance of this act.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c.54. [17*8.

manded for the issuing and payment of the tame, or on thefa£» ing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said coa mtffioners shall appoint; and which money so issued shall not bt subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, itnpotd by authority of parliament.

XVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforefind. That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignatioc), of any one or more of the said commifliooers during the reed of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and that every person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the co mirtioners appointed by this act.

XVIII And be it further enabled by the authority afbre said, That any offence committed in breach or violation of this act, may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer in any county in England wherein fpeh offence shall have been committed; or in case such offence shall have been committed ki parts beyond the seas, then in such county within which the ship on board which such offence shall have been committed (bail have cleared out, or in the county of Middlesex; any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this act may be prosecuted, foed for, and recovered in any court of record in Great Britain; and in every such action or fuir, the party against whom judgement shall be given (whether plaintiff or defendant) shall pay double costs of luit; and every such action shall and may be brought any time within three years after the offence committed, and not afterwards; and every such allion shall be carried on without wilful delay.

XIX And be it further enalled by the authority afore&d. That if any person taking any oath by this all authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if any person shall .unlawfully procure or fubornany person to take any oath by this act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such person shall commit wilful perjury, every such person shall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law infiill ed upon persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury, or subornation of perjury.

XX And be it further enalled. That this act shall continue in force till the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and no longer, except for the purposeof trying or suing any person inconsequence of any offence or offences committed in breach or violation of this act.

CAP. LV

An as for the bitter and more effectual protection of flocking frames and the machines or engines annexed thereto, or used therewith; and for the punishment ofpersons defraying or injuring offuchflocking frames machines or engines and the framework knitted pieces

packings*

is] Anno vibegmo octavo Georgii III C 55. 55*

and other articles and goods used and made in the bofiery jr framework knitted manufactory, or breaking or deftreying any.eemedbinery contained in any mill or mills uftd or any way employed dmrpreporing or Jpinning of wool or cotton for tie use of tbejlocktng frame.

WHEREAS the frames for making of framework knitted Preamble pieces, flocking and other articles and goods in the ho fiery or Vdrnrwork knitted manufactory, are very valuable and expenftve Machiness and generally the property of the hosier or manufacturer,

vbo lets the same to hire to his Workmen, or framework knitters \ and k bath frequently happened that the hosier, or manufacturer, being the owner or employer of suchframe or frames, and having so put and bt the same out to hire, and wanting, for the accommodation of his trade and bufnejs, to take and remove such frame or frames from the use and possesston of one workman into the hands and custody of another, end having for such purpoft given the customary and usual notice to the workman in wihofe bands or custody such frame was, foto deliver up tie I amt) such workman hath wilfully detained and withheld the same, ana fimetimes absolutely and unlawfully sold and disposed thereof to the great grievancey inconvenience, andlofsof such hosier or manufacturer: and whereas it hath frequently happened, when discontents have arisen amongst the framework knitters, that they and other disorderly persons have assembled in a riotous and tumultuous manner) and have dejiroyed or materially damaged great numbers of flocking frames, and ibe 7nathines or engines thereto annexed or used therewith, and committed great violences and outrages upon many of his Majesty s good jubjeds; wherefore it is necessary that more effectual provision Jhouli be made against such unlavfut practises, and for preventing such violences and outrages for the future, and for bringing all offenders in the premises tomorefpeeiy and exemplary justice: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

That if any framework knitter or framework knitters who shall Framework or may rent or take by the hire, any (locking frame or frames, knitters bir* either with or without any machine or engine thereto annexed, ^refuting or therewith to be employed of and from any person or persons to return*whomsoever, shall at any time, from and after the parting of this them on rad, refuse to yield up and re deliver such frame or frames, with days notice, the machine Or engine therewith let (if any such there shall be) toforfcit»°8 # to the person or persons of whom he or they shall or may forent the same, having received from such person or persons fourteen days previous notice for such purpose, then, and in every such case, the person so offending, being thereof lawfully cotlvidled by the oath or (if the owner or employer thereof be of the people called Quakers) solemn affirmation of the owner or employer of such frame or frames, of by the bath or affirmation of any other credible witness or witnertes, before any .one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city,

Vol. XXXVI Oo liberty.

5$*

Anno vicefirtio octavo gfeoroii III C 55. [178!.

liberty, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, or where the person or persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which oath or affirmation the said j office or judices i and are hereby empowered and required to administer), the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit tbc sum of twenty billings to and for the use of the poor of the and if not parish where such offence shall be committed; and in case the

*tid eand the^forfciture shall not immediately paid, and the said frame

Eam'esre C or frames, with the machine or engine therewith let (if any ich turned in 6 there shall be) delivered up to the owner or owners thereof,

days after within six days next after such conviction, the justice or justicci

be?m^rifd, ed orc wh°m such conviction shall be had shall commit the party notmore^hao or parties so convicted to the common gaol or other publickpri three months, (bn of such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or nor left than place, there to remain without bail or mainprize, and be kept one. to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three calendar months,

qor less than one calendar month.

Persons foi. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint antlelling68*^any p^00 f renting or taking to hire any flocking frame, them, to be with or without any such machine or engine as aforesaid, shall imprisoned, at any time, from and after the passing of this act, sell or other not less than w; fe unlawfully dispose of any such (locking frame, or the ma more than chine or engine therewith let (if any such there shall be) wkbont twelve the consent of the owner or owners thereof, every such offender

months; being thereof lawfully convicted upon any indictment to fat

found against him, shall suffer solitary imprisonment in the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, divifioo, city, liberty, town, or place wherein such offence shall have been committed, without bail or mainprize, for a space not left than three calendar months, nor exceeding twelve calendar months.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforefirid,

nd tclg^ni. That if any person or persons shall wilfully and knowingly return liable to CC ve or Purchase any such (locking frame, machine, or engine the lame pu so sold or unlawfully disposed of as aforesaid, contrary to the true

oilhmeiil. intent and meaning of this act, and shall thereof be lawfully

convicted on any indictment to be found against him or them, every such offender or offenders shall be subject to such and the like punishment as by this act is inflicted, or provided to beia aided, on such person so selling or unlawfully disposing of say such (locking frame, machine, or engine as aforesaid.

IV And be it .further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Personsenter That if any person or persons shall, by day or by night, enter ing (hopn, Scc. by force jmo any house, (hop, or place, with an intent to cot or to destroyl'or any framework knitted pieces, (lockings, or other arti

destroyingsny clcs or goods being in the frame, or upon any machine or engine framework thereto annexed; or therewith to be used, or prepared for that knitted pjcccs purpose; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any offclonv. framework knitted pieces, (lockings, or other articles or goods

being in the frame, or upon the machine or engine as aforesaid, or prepared for that purpose; or shall wilfully and malidoufly break, destroy, or damage any frame, machine, engine, tool^nftru

xneot|

r 7 SS'J Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 56, 57. reor, or ssientti, used Ip and for the working and making of any liich framework knitted pieces, (lockings, or other articles or goods lu Jfcbo hosiery of framework knitted manufactory, not having the: nafcot of the owner foto do, or break or destroy any machinery contained in any mill or mills used or any way employed in preparing or fpioninor of wool or cotton for the use of the docking frames, every offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to some of his majesty's dominions beyond seas, for any (pace or term of years not exceeding fourteen years, nor less than seven years.

CAP. LVI

Ati act to repeal an act, made In the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating infirrances on ships, and on good, merchandizes, or etfe&s; and far fubfutoting other _ provisions, for the like purpose, in lieu thereof.

652

5 Geo. 3. C 44* repealed; and from passing thepreftnt ad, no policy to be made on any ship, or goods, without inferring thereon the name or names, or the firm of dealing of one or more of the per fans interested, CC or the name of the cemfigoor or cenfignee, ar of the person re feding in Great Britain, who shall receive or give the order for such pa Ircy. Policies made contrary to this act to be void.

CAP. LVII

afffor limiting the number ofpersons to be carried on the oufjide of stage coaches or other carriages.

TXT H E R £ A S great mifebiefs frequently arise9 and bad acci* Pr; amblr;

wy dents happen, by reason of m improper number of per fans being allowed to go as pafjengersou the roofs or boxes of coaches, ebaifes* and other carriages of the like forty travelling for hire; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fern of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comfoons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Came, That, from and after the first day of November one From Nov. r, thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, it the driver of any W, only 6 coach, chaise, or other carriage of the like sort, going or travel^ling for hire, shall permit or (uffer more than six peri'ons, at one roof; and a and the same time, to ride or go upon the roof, or more than upoo the box, two pcifons, besides the driver, on the box of any such coach, of*"7 chaiic, or carriage, going or travelling for hire, every such dri the Vnahie? ver so offending, and being convicted of such offence, either by herein men his own confession, the view of a justice of the peace, or by the tioacd. oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace acting in and for the county, riding, city, town, divtfton, or place where such offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), every such driver shall, for every person to riding or going as an outiide passenger, over and above the number of persons herein before mentioned and allowed, forfeit and pay tholum of forty Shillings; and in case the driver so offending shall alb be the owner of such coach, chaise, or other O 0 2 carriage.

554 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 57. f 1788.

carriage, then the sum of four pounds; and in default of payment of the said penalties respectively, the person and person fa offending shall be committed to the common gaol, or bouft of correction, of the county, riding, city, town, division, or place where such offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, unltfs such penalty shall be sooner paid.

Ifdrivers can II And be it further enacted, That if the driver of any not be found, coach, chaise, or other such carriage, going or travelling wkha near the greater number of persons on the top or box thereof than is ai owner of the lowed by this act, cannot be found or known, or being foood carriage to be or known shall not attend in pursuance of any summons which liable to the may be served upon him, requiring his appearance before a jjuf pcnajty. t, CC Of the peace, upon a complaint and information laidagunft him of any offence committed against this act, then, and in every such case, the owner or proprietor of such coach, chaise, or other such carriage, shall be liable to the penalty hereby laid upon such driver.

ISLAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p e officer, That if any constable or other peace officer shall refuse or neglect executevw to execute any warrant granted by any justice of the peace, par rants, to for suant to the directions of this act, every such person so offend feit 40§. or to ing, and being convicted thereof before one or mere justice or beimprisoned justices of the peace, either by his own confession, or upon the ora mon. oatjj Q Qnc Of more crec|j|>]e witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer), shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings; and in case the person so convicted doth not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said penalty, then it shall lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to commit such person to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, city, town, division, or place where such offence shall be committed, there to remain, without bail or mairiprize, for any time not exceeding one month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties by this act imposed shall go and be paid oo: half to the informer, and the other half to the surveyor of the highways of the parish or place where such offence shall be committed, to be laid out and applied in the amendment or repair of the public roads or highways within such parish or place respectively.

V And be it further enacted. That the forms of the pro ttinn m me ccec*'ngs re^tive to the several matters contained in this act, fcmufcto'he which are set forth and expressed in the schedule hereunto an uftrdon alloc flexed, shall be used upon all occasions, with such additions or cations. variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular circumstances of the case; and that no objection shall be allowed to be made, or advantage taken, on account of want of form only, in any such proceedings.

Fublick act. VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

this

Application or peaikiea*

Tonnof proceeding set forth in the

^88.] Anno vicesimo octavo georgii III C 57.'

his a shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public

and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, juf and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

tplie SCHEDULE referred to, containing the FORM ofpro ceedings mentioned in the foregoing aft

for any person or persons to attend a justice. Jldiddlesex.

To A. B. of

"SI HEREAS complaint and information hath been made V upon oath, before me C D. one of his majesty's justices of" the peace for the said [county, etcetera] by E F. of

that, etcetera [ Hereflatethe nature and tbt case, as far as it Shall be necefjery to Show the offence, and to bring it within the authority of the justice and in doing that, follow the words of the act as mar as may] These are therefore to require you personally to appear before me at

in the said [county, etcetera] on the day of next at the hour of in the

noon, to answer to the said complaint and information qaade by the said. F. who is likewise directed to be then and there present to make good the same. Herein fail not.

Given under my hand and seal, this*day of

one thousand seven hundred

INFORMATION.

aliddlesex.tye it remembered. That on the

tl day of one thousand seven hundred

A. B. of in the said county, informeth

and maketh oath before me one of his

majesty's justices of th peace for the said county, that

of in the said county [Here deferibe the

offence particularly, and follow the words of the act as near may be] contrary to the statute made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, for [Here insert the title of the aft] which hath imposed a forfeiture of for

the said offence.

Taken and sworn the day of

before me,

C D.

FORM of CONVICTION.

middlesexn "HE it remembered. That, on the il day of in the year

thousand seven hundred at

o03

of our Lord one

in the Cpunty

S Anno vrcefinio odstavo Georgia IIL C 58 — 60. 1178*.

county of aforesaid, A. B. came before me C DONE

of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, etcetera artd informed me, that E. F. of on the

day of now la ft past, at

in the said county, did [Here set forth the fast in the manner ser feribed by the afl] whereupon the said. F. after being duly fuen moned to answer the said charge, appeared before me on the day of at

in the said county, and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared that he was not guilty of the said offence; but the same being fully proved upon the the oath of G. H. a credible witness, it manifestly appears to me the said justice, that he the said. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information: it is therefore conftdered and adjudged by me the said justice, that he the said. F. be coavicted, and 1 do hereby convidl him of the offence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he the said. F. hath forfeited the fain of of lawful money of Great Britain

for the offence aforesaid, to be diftribuied as the law directs, according to the form of the statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and (sal, the day of

one thousand seven hundred

This is to be After the words, 44 being duly summoned to ^nfwer to the \ said charge, " insert (did not appear before me pursuant to ty refuses said summons) or (did neglect and refuse to make any de, appear upon I fence against the said charge, but the same being fully prov the summons. Led, etcetra) as before.

This is to be C After the words, 44 contained in the said information, " inserted when I insert (acknowledged and voluntarily confected the Came to culd^nfef I true anc^appears to me the said justice, etu* festhecharge. L fra) as above.

CAP. LVIII

An act for enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith; for making a new baton, quays, wharves, or docks: for building warehouses; for making new roads, and widening oinert, leading to and from the said harbour; and for impowerlrtg the lord provost, magiftraita, tod council of the city of Edinburgh, to porchafe lands, housei, and areas; and to borrow money for these purposes.

CAP. LIX

An act for establiftung a permanent fund for the relief and support of (kippers and keel men employed on the river Tyne, who by ficknest, or other accidental misfortunes or by old age fl»ah not be able to maintain themselves and their families; and also for the relief of the widows and children of such (kippers and keelmcn. — The fodetyof keelmen on the river Tyne incorporated, and each kedman to pay one penny out of his weekly wages.

CAP. X

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twelfth year of the. reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the sutures, Arms,

rows,

557

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C — 63.

rows, lanes, alleys, and other public paltige* and places within the parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex; and for removing nulfances and obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such parts of Brick Lane as art not within the said pariib. — 1, 5131. drbt since former act (may borrow, o3oj. befidea i4«oool. by former act) i rates for paving and regulating now as. 2d. per pound.

CAP. LXI

An act for continuing an act, made in rhe fircond year of the reign of hi present Majesty, intituled, An act for enlarging the term and powers of fevera) acts of parliament relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the said harbour and town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the iald harbour; and for lighting the said town, and supplying the same with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing so much of an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the road from Calder bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned, in the said county. — Continued for axe years (except so much of aft 13 Geo. a. C 40. as relates to road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and was repealed by % Geo. 3. C 87. and except exemption from stamp duty).

CAP. LXII

An act for pulling down and rebuilding the parish church of Saint Peter lc Poor, within the city of London, and for widening the fhrect adjacent.

Corporation of London to give 500i. House belonging to parish. efu mate of expense 6, oool. All acts done by five to be valid. Trustees to choose a president, who is to have a calling vote. All proceedings to be entered in a proper book. Old Broad Street to be thirty feet six inches wide. To crest a new church. Trustees may difpote of the remainder of the ground. Trustees to raise any sum not exceeding 8, oool. by annuities for life at 8 percent, assignable. Rate is. 6d. per pound, according to land tax from Midsummer 1788, to be recovered as poor's rates, but payment thereof not to give settlement. Collector to account, and not to be Quakers, Rates to be veiled in the Trustees. Rates payable quarterly. Tenants to pay the whole rate, and to deduct half of it out of thtirrent. Not to affect agreement between landlords and tenants. Money lost by infoivency or otherwise, new rate to be laid. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Empty fcoufes not to be rated.

CAP. LXIII

An act for charging several estates in the counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled upon the late Charles Radcliffe decenfcd> for lifey with remainder to his first and other font, in tail male, with the payment of a dear yearly rent charge of two thousand five hundred pounds, payable to the grandson of the said Charles Kadclisse, the right honourable Anthony James earl of Newburgh, and the heirs male of his body to be begotten.

I. AND whereas the said James Bartholomew late earl of jftl Newburgh died on or about the second day of January in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven leaving the foetid Anthony James earl 0/* Newburgh, his only son, him surviv who was born at Slindon, in the county of Suliex, on the twen-

o04 tieth

55 8 Anno viccfuno o£uvo Georgii III c*6j. (178*.

tittb day of June, in the year one thousand [even hundred ami fifty even: and whereas of all the efiates jor filed by the adherents n the cause of the family of Stuart, either in the year one thousand je tten hundred and fifteen, or one thousand seven hundred and forty five the Derwentwater efiates alone fill remain vejled in the trustees of the public, and the hardship to the said Anthony James eari of Newburgh is singular and unprecedented, in being deprived of a great part of his ancient family efiates, mot by the effkfts of the forfeiture of the said Charles Radclisse, but by the interference of parliament, in tonftquence of the abovementioned doubts and difficulties which the said act of the twenty fiecond of his late Majesty recites to have exijled, concerning the alienage of the said James Bar. tholomew, late tarl of Newburgh, and the necejfity of a claim being put in to the efiates, on behalf of the unborn children of the fed Charles Radclisse: and whereas, in case the said James bartbo lomew, late earl of Newburgh, bad been born in England, and a claim bad been entered in due time on behalf of the children unborn of the aforesaid Charles Radclisse, the said efiates comprised in the said Jettlement of the twenty-fourth day of June in the year one thousand Jevcn hundred and twelve, would undoubtedly have defended from the said James Bartholomew, late earl of N ewburgh, to the said Anthony James, earl of Newburgh hk onlj fen, in tail male: and whereas the said estates so comprised in the said lost mentioned sit lime nt, at the time when the rents and profits thereof were first applied to and for the benefit of the said royal hospital at Greenwich, yielded the yearly sum of Jour thousand five hundred pounds, or thereabouts, and the same, by judicious management, and the expenditure of large Jams of money thereupon in lasting improvements, now yield the yearly sum of fifteen thousand pounds, or thereabouts, and it is not feund adviftable to divest the said estates out of the corporation of the said royal hospital at Greenwich: and whereas, by the deduction of the interest of the aforesaid jams of twenty-eight thousand nine hundred pounds, and thirty thousand pounds, making together the sum offifty eight thousand nine hundred pounds, herein before mentioned to have been paid by the commifjftoners or governors of the said hospital, at the rate of four pounds for every one hundred pounds thereof by the year, the clear yearly profit of the said lost mentioned ejl ales, at the time the rents and profits thereof were sir ft applied to and for the benefit of the said royal hospital as aforesaid, would be reduced nearly to one half of the aforesaid funi of four thousand five hundred pounds: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled \ and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, v°ou° he That one clear annual sum or yeai|y rent charge of two thou the /futc8p°n knc* ^ve hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, comprised in shall (during the life of the said Anthony James, earl of New.. ttlement burgh, and so long as there shall be heirs male of his body) be of si yearly issuing and going out of and charged and chargeable upon, all that the barony, manor, or lordship of Langley, with X C the

559

78s.3 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 64,

le rights, members, and appurtenances thereof, in the said >umy of northi(mberland % and all other the said manors or >rctship&, advowson, messuages, lands, tenements, and here itaments, and all other the bid premises, with their several id respective royalties, rights, members, and appurtenances, mate, fying, and being, in the said several counties of Northum* rumd and Cumberland, and the county palatine of Durham

> in the said settlement of the twenty-fourth day f Juete in the year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, as ore said; and that the same shall, from time to time, be pay to be paid ble and paid quarterly unto the said Anthony James earl of New quarterly to urgby and the heirs male of his body to be begotten, which j^wbureh tid dear annual sum or yearly rent charge of two thousand five and hisheirs, undred pounds shall commence and take effect from the wenty fifth day of March which was in the year of our Lord fomajth northeast thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and shall be March aid and payable at the four most usual feasts or days of pay lentin the year, (that is to say); on the feast of the annun iation of the blelfed virgin Mary the nativity of Saint John he baptist, the feast of Saint Michael the archangel, and the salt of the birth of our Lord Christ, in every year, without any ledudtion or abatement whatsoever to be made thereout, for rin respect of any taxes, charges, rates, impositions, or af effmenrs whatsoever, either already taxed, charged, rated, im 3ofed, or assessed, or hereafter to be taxed charged, rated, mposed, or assessed, by authority of parliament, or other wise tiowsoever, upon the said barony, manors, or lord ships, or eputed manors or lordlhips, capital and other messuages, adowfon, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, charge sd and made chargeable as aforesaid, or any of them, or on ihe said annual sum or yearly rent charge of two thousand five hundred pounds, or any part thereof, or on the said Anthony.

James earl of Newburgh, or the heirs male of his body to be begotten, or any other person or persons who may become au tborifed or entitled to receive the same, or any part or parts thereof, in respect of the said annual sum or yearly rent charge; the first payment whereof commencing from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven as aforesaid, and amounting to the clear sum of three thousand one hundred and twenty-five pounds, for one year and a quarter, due on the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, Shall be made on the said feast of the nativity of Saint John the baptist in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

CAP. EXIV.

An act for the better paving, clean 6 ng, and lighting the town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing obstructions and annoyances: and for widening the streets, lanes, and other pallages within the said town. — gee Hen. 8. C 15.

XXIII And,

56 o

commission era empower CD to raise money by rates on occupiers of houses & at is. per pound per a sin. according to poor rates

To be paid quarterly.

Anno vicesimo ozuvo Georou IIL C 64. {17ss.

XX.IIU And, for raising money towards answeriag and defray tag tw*charees and expenses of obtaining and patting this act, and carryis; the tame into execution; be it further enacted, That the said coche ftoners, or any five or more of them, (halt, and are hereby aotfcorifei and required, once in every year, to afccrtaii* the film or (ami to fat paid by rate or afivffinents on the several inhabitants of the town d Cambridge, and to levy such sum or funis by a rate not exceeding one shilling in the pound for each year, upon the several tenants or oew piers of all houses, building, gardens, tenements, and herrdhmas, within the said town, according to the annual value of the same rtipec* tively; such annual value to be from time to time settled according to the respective rents such houses, buildings, gardens, tenements, and hereditaments, shall be respectively rated at, for the relief of the poor of the several psrifhet of the said town, m which such hoqfes, biddings, gardens, tenements, and hereditaments, shall respectrvdy ted or be, previous to the making of such rate or afleflineot by the commi/honera; and the first year for which such rate or affefiment staff be made, shall commence at, and be computed from, the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; and the moneys foto be rated and a defied shall, from time to time, be paid fa? equal quarterly payments to the collector or collectors, to be appointed as afore said, and be paid over by such collcdor or collectors into hands of the treasurer to the said commissioners; and In order to wake such rates or assessment, the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said town.of Cambridge shall, and are hereby required, at all fra tollable times, to permit the treasurer, clerk, or collector to the hid commissioners, or any other person to be appointed by the said coo missioners, or any five nr more of them, to penife, infpedk, and take copies of the rates or assessments made at any time within seven yean next preceding, for the relief of the said poor, and to take a copy thereof $ and if any such churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall ir fuceorncalcft to permit any such perusal or infpe&ioa, or the taking of any such copy, he or they (half for every such refusal or negiedt forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered before any oae of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said town of Cambridge, in like manner as other penalties are hereby diredked to be recovered: provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be cot (trued to extend, to subject the chancellor matters and fcfaolars of the university a fore said, to pay any rates or afieffments for, or inconfiden'tion of, the botanick garden in the said university.

Rates on houses let to diverse tenants, to be paid by the tenant afleffad. Rates to be born between landlords and tenants, one third by the land lord and two thirds by tenant. Ifo tithes, farm, or land, to be nttd. commissionerb may raise money by tolls, viz

For every ttage coach, diligence, or other such public carriage, carrying passengers or parcels for hire, the sum of one shilling:

For every wagon, wain, cart, or other such carriage, laden with goods, warn, or other merchandise, the sum of twopence:

For every norse, or other beast of burden, laden with any goodi, wares, or other merchandise, the sum of one halfpenny:

For every score of kine or oxen, swine and (keep, driven into or through the said town or any part thereof, the sum of twopence:

For every horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, or mule, driven or lead kto or through the said town for sale, the sum of one penny

Tolls to be demanded, and paid in any part of the town. Inhabitaati exempt from toll, except travelling for hire. Commissioners may reduce or raise the tolls Tolls may be let to farm. Coramiffi oners aay borrow money; and assign the rates as a security, or by annuities on lives at ip percent. The whole moneys not to exceed 6y0ool. An

nnifiea

> 88. J Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 65 — 68.

lilies not liable to land tax. Nothin? in this act to extend to any col gc or ball. Penalty on breaking or damaging lamp?, by matriculated offcer persons, first offence aot. second offence 30s. third and after Porm of conviction. Colleges and corporation empowered to sell >«xac. Money to be laid out in lands in trull for the coliege, C arporation may hereafter alter the market place. Reservation of the rih of the university to superintend and regulate the markets. pro lo Aar holding fair and market. Stallions not to be shewn within the rartfe* Houses may be numbered; and names of ffrects put up. LI illation of actions. 35 Hen. 8. C 15. repealed. Proportion of the tomes to be raised by the university and town for the first pavements, to be settled, and two fifth parts paid by university, one twelfth f remaining three fifth parts by corporation, and remainder to be orrowed on tolls and rates. University may borrow 4, 000!. Two fth*of expense of first paving to be paid by university by affefiment f colieges, to be paid by burfar, and one twelfth of remaining three iffcba by corporation for first pavement, and after iol. pcr ann.

CAP. LXV

kit act for removing and preventing encroachments, nbftruftioxm, annoyances, and other nuisances, within the city of Bristol, and the liberties thereof; and for licensing and better regulating hackney coaches, chairs, wagons, cam, and other cirriages, and the owner, drivers, and carriers thereof respectively, and porters, and other persons, within and for certain distances round the said city and liberties; and for better regulating the Ihipping and trade, and the rivers, wharves, backs, and Quays, and the markets within the same city and liberties; and for other purposes.

CAP. LXVI

An act for regulating buildings and party walls, within the city of Bristol, and the liberties thereof.

CAP. lxvir.

An act for widening and rendering commodious a certain street, called Broad Street, within the city of Briftoi; and for enlarging the council hotifc and guild hall of the said city, and providing public offices thereto, and repertories for the books, papers, and records of the said city.

CAP. LXVIII

An act for enabling the commissioners for putting in execution an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for paving the streets and lanes within the town and borough ot Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the lame; and also the courts, yards, alleys, and passages adjoining thereto; and for preventing annoyances therein 5 to open, widen, and better regulate the several streets, lanes, and patiages within the eaftdiviiion in the said act described.

6 Geo. 3* C 34* ?i Geo. 3. C 17. Commissioners. Qualification of commmfioners. Their oath. Commissioners may purchase houses for widening the streets. Premises described. Persons under incapacities empowered to sell and convey lands, C In case of refusal to treat, a jury shall be summoned. 3 Geo. a. C % $. Jury may be challenged. Comcniffioners may summon witnefies, and examine them upon oath. Tea days notice to be given to parties interested, before any view to be had of the premises. Jury to assess damages upon oath; which damages shall be deemed the value, and commissioners to give judgement thereof, which (frail be binding. Upon payment of the moneys agreed or awarded, lands, See. to be conveyed to the commissioners. On failure in making oat a good title, or iq executing a conveyance, the money to be paid into thg bank, Ac Verdiftt, See. to be enrolled. Copies

8<wd

561

Anno vicesimo octavo georgiiiii. C 68. [178?.

good evidence. Lands, CC veiled in commissioners on payment, hi the request of the parties, purchase money ipay be placed in the foods. Persons entitled to the mesne profits to receive, the dividends In case of nonpayment or tender, the verdict, dcjp. not banding. Purchase money may be laid out in lands, c for the former uses. Conveyances by same covert enrolled to be effectual; and so all other bargains and (ales for the purposes of this act. Claims to be made in five years. Period entitled to premises sold to cotnmissioner* may bring a&ioos of debt again ft those who received the purchase money. Tenants at wtfi m.d.. 1cflees for a year to quit. On refusal the commissioners to issue precept to the officer having return and execution of writs. Mortgagees required to assign mortgages on payment of principal and iotereft. Os refute!, interest to cease. In case of refusal, money to be paid into the bank. Premises to vest in commissioners. All sums paid to be chargeable on moneys raised for the purposes of this act, and to be paid or tendered to be paid before use made of the premises. Penalty on officer having the execution and return of writs, jurymen, etc. neglecting their duty. In what manner the expense of the jury is to be defrayed. af certaining the jurymen's allowances. Occupiers not compelled to fefl a part, if inclined to sell the whole. Forascertaining the raue of parts of premises, the whole of which is not taken. Commissioners may sit pole of overplus land. Tithes, surplice fees, and Ealter offerings for the housesto be pulled down, to be charged on the rates under this act; at 48. per ann. each house, to the several redtors of St. ouve, SL John and St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey; and after their determination, on the rates under 6 Geo. 3. C a. For raising money for the pm poses of the act. New rate not to exceed 6d. in the pound on homes, etc.; nor more than 3d. on wharves. Kate on public buildings L per square yard per ann. Rates to be collected, etc. as those laid by act 6 Geo. 3. Money may be raised by annuities charged on rates. Penalty on obstrudting the footways.' Goods, etc. may be seized, and detained until the penalties paid. Persont feeing any such offence committed may seize the offender. Offenders, in default of payment, to be committed. Lime not to be slaked, nor beer started tn the street 'between 8 in the morning and 7 at night. No person to collect afties but the scavenger employed by the commissioners; upon pain of forfeiting for every offence not less than ros. nor more than nos. !b default of payment, to be committed. Footways to be swept. Certae penalties to be recovered within fourteen days. Commissiooers, at their owncoft9, may remove all present bow windows Commissioners may give notice to owners of houses to alter gutters and fponts, and to take away and remove all steps, flee, and cellar flaps, and all other Incroachments. In case the owners neglect to alter after notice, the commissioners may do it, and be reimbursed the charges thereof by the owner, flee. Expenses of removing annoyances may be levied by distress. Where houses let out, any one occupier shall be deemed the tenant. Expenses to be allowed to tenants. Commissioners may make allowances to persons injured. Poor persons to be relieved from payment. When any houses or other buildings are rebuilt or new fronted, the commissioners may take part of thcjjround into the street on which such houses or buildings aout. All new buildings to rise perpendicularly; or they shall be pulled down, and the costs to be paid by the owner, etc. In case of refusal, action may be brought. trei surer to be appointed. Treasurer to apply money as directed by commissioners. It receiver dies, his representatives to pay over the balance to the treasurer. Executors may plead the payment thereof. Commissioners mav mitigate penalties.' Parties aggrieved may appeal to the feflion8, first giving twenty-one days notice, and entering into recognisance. Justices may award costs. Penalties not before provided for to be levied by distress and sale. Commissioners may apportion penalties. Distress not unlawful for want of form. No plaintiff shall recover, if tender of amends made before action brought. Orders of the commissioners to be entered in a book. No proceedings to be quailed for want of form. Paying expends of the act. Limitation of

uftioim

Got e

78 s.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 6g — 71.

ctions. Defendants may plead the general issue. If plaintiffs non oitedi defendants shall have treble costs. Not to affect the jurisdic ion of Surrey or London, Public act. '

CAP. LXIX

filia sta for taking down the present courthouse and gaol, and erecting and fesailding a new courthouse and gaol, in and for the town and county off Invcrnefs; and for appropriating the sum of one thousand pounds Mt of the unexbaufted balauce, or surplus, anting from the forfeited cfiatei in North Britain, towards erecting and building the tame.

CAP. LXX

An act for rebuilding the bridge over the river Rea, at the town of fiirmingham, called Dcritend Bridge, and widening the avenues thereto; and for widening and varyinjg the course of the said river jnear the said bridge, and making a weir, and other necessary works to prevent the lower part of the said town from being overflowed.

Trainees. Appointment of new trustees, Trustees may act as judices. Meetings of the trustees. Proceedings to be done by the majority of the trustees at meetings, not being left than five. Trustees may appoint officers. Officers to account. Trustees to cause the present Midge to be taken down, and a new one built. Bridge not to be erected within twenty feet of Mr. Jennens's land. Power to change the codrfc of the river, etc. Bed of the old course of the river, and of the null pond, vested in the trustees. Land to be set out for making a pond for nr Though. gooch's mill, in lieu of that vested in the said trustees. Certain houses and buildings to be taken down for widening the avenues to the bridge. Compensation to be made for the buildings to be tftfcen down, and ground to be used for the purposes of the ad. Corporations, etc. empowered to treat with the trustees for sale of houses. If they do not agree, the value to be ascertained by a jury., How the cxpenceaof the jury are to be pai^. Money assessed to be paid out of the toils. Purchase money for houses, etc. belonging to corporations, etc. to be laid out in purchase of other estates to be settled to though same uses. Power to ered a turnpike and collect tolls at the bridge for four years. Tolls.

For every carriage with four wheels, the sum of twopence:

For every carriage with two wheels, the sum of one penny :

For every horse, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the sum of one halfpenny:

For neat cattle, after the rate of ten pence per score; for (beep, swine, and calyes, after the rate of five' pence per score i

Toll payable but once a day. Exemptions from toll $ carriages carrying manure, cattle going to water or pasture, soldiers hordes on march or duty, or carrying baggage, etc. or going to elections. Trustees may bet the tolls for one year at a time. Power to borrow 3, oool. If the tolls are not sufficient for payine the money borrowed and interest, the trustees may make a rate upon the inhabitants, is. per pound on houses and 6d. on lands. No house under 10i. per ann. value to be rated.

CAP. LXXI

An act for dividing and enclosing the marib, called Malidraeth and Corfddaugau, in the county of Anglesey, and for embanking the said nuurfli; and for making cuts, channels, and other works, for draining and preserving the same; and for allowing the fret use of such cuts or channels, with boats or other vefleli*, upon the payment of certain rates, to be applied towards supporting the said embankments and works. — Marsh 3, 000 acres.

54 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 71 — 7s. [1788.

CAP. LXXII

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from Centre reek near the town of Flint, to Greenfield in the count of Ftiak — Tk Flint canal company incorporated.

CAP. lxxin.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the caul at Donnington Wood, in the couhty of Salop, to or near«place cafcd Southall Bank, and from thence by two several branches to amnmt nicate with the river Severn, one near Coalbrook Dale, and the other near Madcley Wood, in the said county, and also certain collateral cuts to join such canal. — The company of proprietora of the shrop fhirecaaal navigation incorporated.

CAP. LXXIV

An act for rebuilding the parish church of Paddfogton, in the canity of Middlesex, and for enlarging the churchyard of the said parity aflwtment is. per pound on occupiers. To raise 4>50ol. by aaaoitie* for life at SI. xos. per cfcnt.

CAP. LXXV

An act for paving the footways, and cleanfiag, lighting, and watcfciap the streets and other public pillages and places within the borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing obstructions, noi&nces, sad

annoyances therein. rates is. per pound equally between

and tenant. May raise 150!. on annuities for life at iol. percent.

CAP. LXXVI

An act for ntifmg further films of money for the better relief of the past of the city and county of the city of Exon; and to explain and &m*wd an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefect Mi jesty, u for rendering more eifeftuat several acts of parliament see erecting hospitals and workhouses within the said city and county, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there

Corporation empowered to raise 3, 500!. by aflefftnent within it mouths after passing this act, towards discharging their present debt. See. How to be raised. Corporation to afeettatn what Turns necessary for maime nance of poor in any one year; not exceeding 5, 000*. (the annual expenditure) beyond said 3, 5001. Coramiftioners to be convened to gcweral court before any money levied, above annual aftelfment of 5, 000! and said 3, 500}. Repeal of power of borrowing with coufeot of coomnsfioa ers, given by 35 Geo. 3. C 31.

CAP. LXXVII

An act for rebuilding the bridge over the river Derwent, at or tear the town and borough of Derby; and for improving the avenues or approaches thereto. — 'Tolls taken, and 4, tool. borrowed thereon, ua seize 3, 4001. voluntarily subscribed.

CAP. LXXVIII

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two aftsof the twelfth and nineteenth years of his pretent majehy's reign, made "for building s temporary bridge, and completing a new stone bridge, over the river Tyne, between the town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gatefbead, in the county of Durham, and making the avenues to and the padaget over the tame more commodiousand for removing and prevenuog nuiftnees and annoyances in the streets, lanes, or avenues leading to the said new stone bridge, within the town of Gatelbead, in the county of Durham. — Tolls to be taken at the bridge.

CAP. LXXIX

f88.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III C 79 — 83* CAP. LXXIX

An act to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet knight, to lay out and build a new street, from Fore Street to the church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. LXXX

An act for building a bridge over the river Trent, at or near Sawlejr Ferry, in the counties of Derby and leice&er.

CAP. LXXXI

An act for incorporating the governors of the free grammar school of the town and parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of lancaster, of the foundation of Robert Lever, late of London, gentleman, deceased; and fqr enlarging the trusts and powers of the said governors, for the benefit of the said school.

CAP. LXXXII

An act for taking down and rebuilding the gaol of the castle of Chester, the prothonotary's office, the exchequer record rooms, and other offices and buildings adjoining or near to the said gaol, and for making proper yards and conveniences thereto.

CAP. LXXXIII

An act for repairing the church of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden; in the county of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the gates and avenues leading to the said church; and for removing the present watchbouse, and providing another for the use of the said parish.

THE

Statutes at Large, C

Anno regni GEORGII III Regis,

nee Britannia, Francia,

vicesimo nono.

T parliament begun and held at Westminster,

the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign f oursovereign lord GEORGE the by the

race of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued, by several prorogations and adjournments, to the third day of February, 1789; being the sixth lejjion of thejixteenth parliament of Great Britain.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the fufaje&s of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the lame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of. the countries belonging to the said United States. -

13 Geo. 3* C 39- U Geo. 3. C 45- »3 Geo. 3. C 39 so far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the United State of America, tnd 14 Geo. 3. C 45. to continue in force till April 5, 1790. Sec. 2. Iron, hemp, sail cloth, and other articles from any place bordering on the Baltic, which may be exported from this kingdom, if exported contrary to law, and goods imported from the United States of America, and not permitted by law, and also good imported from these State contrary to law, to be forfeited. Sec. 3. Forfeitures arc to be recovered wad applied, as forfeitures respecting the revenue of customs. Sec. 4*

CAP. I

18 to continue in force till April 5.1790*

w tvuuuuc m rorve iui Apru 5.

Vfli. XXXVI R r

Vet. XXXVI

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 2. [*789.

CAP. II

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 17, 448, including 1, 610 invalids.

Sec. 46. Loads of wagons increased to thirty hundred weight. Sec. 65. Soldiers debts, for which volunteers may be confined, enlarged to sol. This act to continue in Great Britain till March 25, 1790, in the iuaeds of Jersey, Guernsey, Aiderney, Sark or Man, ill May 1, Q, H Gibraltar and the king's other dominions beyond the feat\h March 1$, 1791. The King may grant a commission for holding court-martial, C court-martial may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, C General court-martial not to consist of less than 13, (except within the garrison of Fort James, C and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in feniorlty, not under the degree of a captain; (except in the garrison of Fort James, C where they are to consist of five at least.) court-martial may administer oaths to witneflea. Officers to be sworn. judge's charge befprc oath. The oath. The judge actio case to be sworn. The oath. In Sentences of death, what ottmhtr f officers shall concur, C Hours of trial. Deserter may be adjudged to serve in any corps abroad for life, or for a term of year; but returning without leave before expiration of such term, he iball suffer death. The party tried entitled to a copy of the fenteocf and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings, See. of court-martial ro he transmitted to the judge advocate general in London, See. Proceedings of courts, or entries, or copies thereof, not liable to lump doties. None to be tried a second time for the same offence, except in case of appeal. This act not to exempt soldiers from ordinary proceeding!. Mutters to be made twice a year. Penalty on false certificates to excafe soldiers from musters. Penalty on officers making false qiuta, see. Commissary or mutter matter to give notice of mutter to mayor, see. on penalty of 50i. mutter rolls ts be signed by the mayor, C Penalty on persons ottering theraselves to be falsely muttered. Horses felfely muttered to be forfeited, C Forfeiture how to be levied. Officer embezzling, Sec. military ft ores, to be call dared, and forfeit iool and the damage to be made goodbye sale of h goods and chattel; for want of distress, the offender to be committed. Application of the forfeiture. Mu ter matter, C taking a mutter, to make oath. The oath. Penalty on agents, C detaining officers or soldiers pay. ^yeckjy ratei. Penalty on agents disobeying of orders. Penalty on officers muttering persons by wrong names. Recital of the Petition of Right, 3 Car. 1, etc. Conttables, etc. to quarter officers and men in inns, ^ebouses, etc. but in no distillers or (hopkeepers houses, or in any private houses. Penalty on conttables, etc. quartering foidietf in private houses, etc. Penalty on officers quartering soldiers contrary to this act, etc. Perfooi aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to. any justice, tad be relieved. No justice having any military office to he coacetoed»w letting his soldiers. Officers and foldiecs to pay rates for their provisions. If innholders refute to furiulh the men quartered on them with meat, they shall allow them candles, final! beer etc. gratis. Penalty os taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Dragoons etc. and their horses to be biiletted in the same houses. Manner of chaog fog men and horses. Officers, mo, and barfe*, belonging to the horn pr dragoons, how to be quartered, etc. Dragoons, etc. quartered 00 persons to bo have no stables, may be removed to those who Jiwve ftabta, etc. Clause relating to a soldier's settle meet for his wifoaodckiidrei. Officer, etc. to be quarteted in Scotland as the laws in foscc.attbe union direst. No pay matter, etc. to make deductions out afvfifrnoc private men's pay. Exception. Treasury may ittue out the; thoaey dae for clothing every two months. Paymaster to deduct the offieefonintf* Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fobfiftex>qe money; so ihrahtiku. tfotei of subsistence to be paid to fonkespera* etc for fowich qatrtm.

$3$9*] Anno vj^esimo nano Georgii III C 2.

Penalty on officers not paying subsistence money. On nonpayment of quarters, the officer to make up accounts, etc. No muflrr in Weitmin* fter, etc, but in the presence of two or more justices. confta'oles, etc. may bjflet soldiers in Westminster, etc. Petty constables, etc. to quarter soldiers in their respective divisions. Conftahlep, etc. to deliver lists at quarter sections, on oath, of inhabitants, and folaiers quartered in their respective divisions; to be inspected without fee. Copies of such lists to be wrote by the clerk at id. per fbeet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defective lists Howto "be levied. mtifter rolls, 10 miles distant from l.ondpn, to be closed Svtthin 34 hours after the muster, and returned within frven days, to the 'comhafflary general of musters, etc. Penalty. Justices may order con 'afcwca to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing wagons to travel more than one day's journey, etc. Penalty on constables, etc. neglect. tyeafurer of the county to repay the confta ble's extraordinary charges. The money for that purposehow to bt raided. Tfo wagon, etc. to carry above 30 hundred Weight. Carriages in Scotland how tobeprovided. Soldiers wives, etc. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or soldiers destroying the game, lfon commission officer embezzling soldier's pay, etc. to be reduced, 'etc: jufuceg may commit deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or receiving their arms, clothes, etc. Penalty on officer breaking open any house without warrant. His Majesty empowered to make articles of war, and to constitute courts rmafrttal. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes exprerted tq be so pumfhable by this act, Offenders beyond sea, etc. may be tried here, etc. Persons acquitted, etc. by the civil mngistrate, may only be cashiered by £ court-martial. Persons accused of capital crimes, etc. to .be delivered over to the civil magistrate, etc. Paymasters, etc. to account With executors. Persons sued may plead the general ihue. Treble costs. All suits to be brought in some of the courts of record at Westminster, or the court of session in Scotland. Penalties again an act 1 Geo. 1. where to be sued for. No volunteer liable to process unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of aol. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. Soldiers, while confined for debt, not to receive piy Penalty on constable, etc. taking money to excuse any person from quartering; and on victuallers retufing to quarter soldiers. Justices may order constables to give an account of the number of soldiers quartered, etc. How the troops are to pay in parting over ferries in Scotland. Clafcfe for relief of persons hastily enlisting themselves. Persons refusing the said relief, to be proceeded against as if duly enlisted. Offences against former mutiny acts punishable by this act. None liable to be tried, etc. for offences against former acts, which were committed three years before issuing the warrant for trial; unless he ha absented himself, etc. Officers, etc. of the trains of artillery fubj«*ft to this act. American troops of British coionics, aftingin conjunction with British fotecs, liable to the same martial laws. Officers and soldiers of the American troops sent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and bil letted as the British foroes; and under the same regulations and penalties. Where any corps beyond seas shall be relieved in order to return home, Itochof the men as shall choose may be enlisted, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; the occasion of quitting such former corps to be recited in the enlisting certificate. In what cases this act shall extend to Jerfejr, Guernsey, etc. This act not to extend to the mi.itia farther than is directed by the militia laws: exception. As often as if shall be necessary, officers of the land and marine forces may sit in 'confonftion upon court-martial; taking rank according to the seniority of their commission8. Officers of the king's foroes, and officers in the Nt India company's service, may sit in conjunction at court-martial, etc.'Militia and fcncible men, when in actual service, to be regularly nfuftered, etc. Names of militia men, etc. who are within six months life expiration of their service, to be certified on the back of the 1 muter roil. Form of con vision. Continuance of this act.

Rn CAP.

Anno vicesimo nono georgii IIL C 3 — 8. [1789. CAP. III

An al for the regulation of bia majestjr'a marine force white on same.

Sec. it. Deserters beyond seato be tried, as if the offence had 1* committed within the realm.

CAP. IW

An act for more pjfedually carrying into execution the purposes of cer tarn acts, of the ftxteenth and twenty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

16 Geo. 3. C 9. and3 Geo. 3. C 49. recited. Ppwer to borrow 4000i. oh rates directed by 13 Geo. 3. Sec. % . Money may be paid off by ballot or other wise, and notice to be given to the persons intituled, Sec. 3. Proviso. No mortgage or alignment to affect money borrowed on former act. Sec. 4. Power to lay additional rates, in all is. 9d. Jief pound per ann. Appeal against the rates. Sec. 5. Money to anffc by the former acts and this act to be one joint fund. Publick act.

CAP. VAN

act for the improvement of Manchester Square, within the pariftt of Saint marylebor.e, in the county of Middlesex.

Sec. 3. Women may vote by proxy. Sec 9. Rates 6d. per pound, rent pqr ann. Empty houses exempt, and owners to pay for ambafl^dort. Rates to commence June 14* 1789. Sec. 15. Trustees may wise tool, by annuities, or at legal interest. Sec. % 6. Appeals to traftees, and from them to quarter sessions, no Certiorari. Sec. a8. Not to affect other acts relative to St. Marylebone.

CAP. VI

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fen ice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine. — at 4s. in the pound.

CAP. VII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several roads leading through the county of Roxburgh; and for better regulating the statute labour within die Aid county

Ad 8geo. 3. C 60. continued for r years, with the tolls granted thereby, and converting the statute labour to a competition. See. 41* ckigy men not taxable for glebes or schoolhoures, C Turnpikes may be crededj and veiled in trustoes, with the tolls.

CAP. VIII

An an act for building a new shire house for the county of Essex.

Sec. 1. Justices to authorise the purchase of messuages, buildings, and ground. To be conveyed to trustees. Sec. % . Power to persons seized to sell the same. Sec. 4. On payment of money the estates to be veiled in trustees. Sec. 6. Old shire house, dec. to be taken down, and new shire house built. Sec. 7. Lady of the manor to give up the ground os which the present shire house Hands, C Sec. 8. Preserving the right of dame Anne Mildmay, lady of the manor to the market. Sec. o. Justices may allot the lady of the manor a place for receiving tolls, Ac. Sec. xo. No buildings to be erected b^wccn the new shire house mid

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 9, to.'591

the street. Sec. n. Money to be raised for the purposes of this act 14, 000]. See. 1*. Manner of raiing it by rates. To be paid by landlords and tenants in equal moieties. See. 13. In places where the juf ticet for the county have no power, they may nevertheless a (certain the fhimqrtipqaof this rate; Sec. 14. and the magistrates of fijeh places thauaftefs and raise the money so ordered to be raised. Sec. 15. Application of the money, after building completed, the surplus to be applied as the county dock. Sec. 17. Accounts to be made up annually

Sec. ip. Person aggrieved may appeal to the quarter session. Sec. so.

liriaiution of actions to fix aionths. General lflne. % eble costs.

An act to nptal two acts, madt in the twenty-fifth and twenty sixth .years of his reign of his present Majesty, lor granting to hi

Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain.

WHEREAS an act was made, in the twenty fifth year $/* Preamble.

the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for grants Geo. 3. ing to his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain: C 30. and and whereas another act was made, in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and 16 Geo. 3. amend in act of the last session of parliament, intituled, An act C 9* recited ar granting to his Majesty certain duties on jbops within Great Britain; for repealing several of the duties granted by the said at and for granting other duties in lieu thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the said acts should be repealed: may it therefore prafe ydur Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the fifth day of April one thousand and from seven hundred and eighty nine, the several duties granted by the said recited acts shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid cept n c'afeb or payable; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the pow relating to rc ers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regu covering ar lations established and prescribed by the said recited acts, for or [£.*" 0? toupc in relation to the managing, securing, afeertaming, collecting, Dairies incur recovering, levying and paying the said duties, and all penalties red on or be and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, orc that day. andt bp no longer put in execution; save only and except in all cafea. relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, and to the payment thereof into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the said fifth day of April anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. IX

CAP. X

an a&jbr continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties V

. rr?t

for the service of the year one thou nine.

ri

^

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C i i, 12. £178^ CAP. XI

An to enable Mary Alsager, Margaret Alsager, and Judith aha gft, to fir.iffi and complete a new church or chapel, in the pariftof Bart hom lay, in the county of Chcfter* and to endow the same; ahdto establish a charity school within the said parish; and vesting the right of presentation to the said church or chapel in them, and the future lords and ladies of the manor of Alsager, within the said county.

Right of common upon the fc; te of the new church, school, and the L rial ground extinguished. Power to incloife the ohurch yard, and to erect sea's, etc. in the church. Sec. a. Mrs. Alfagers, and the fatue lords or ladies of the manor, to have the right of presentation, and to appoint warden, clerks, fextons, etc. and also a curate and eu«reb wardens and other officers. New church to be subject to the vifitatioiiof the bishop of Chester. Sec 3. No new parish to be made, and parifhioa ers, exempt from the repairs of the new church. Sec. 4 No bnrials under the churcn. Burial and christenings to be registered. Sec. $ Double We for churchinvre and burials; half of which to be accounted for to the w for, >: tc of Barthomley. Sec. 6. Seats allotted for Mrs. ajfagers, their tenants, the curate, he churchwardens, poor, etc. Sec. 7 Churchwardens to iet the pews, and to apply the rents to the repair of the church, etc. and to the payment of the salaries of the clerk, sexton, etc. and to pay the overplus to the trustees. Power to sue for rent of pews. Sec. 9. Rents "f pews to be entered in books, and accounted for annually Sec.9Power for Mrs. Alfager* to inciofe part of the common for the school, etc. Land enclosed, with the buildings thereon veiled in tnrf tccs. Sec. ti. Trustees to have the government of the school after fht death of Mis. Alfagers. Sec. IV Appointment for schoolmaster, by Mra. Alfage#, and the survivors. Sec. Curate of the new church to have a preference, etc. S C 14. An estate in Alfager verted in the.ou nifter as ihe endowment of the church. Sec. 15 In default of nomination the church to iapfe. Sec 16. Sums to paid to the bishop fdr ly noda at Easter, is. for procurations at triennial vifitgtion*, 38.^ Sec. 17. Trustees, out of the rents of the enclosed land, to pay such of the expenses as th rents of the pews shall fall short of. Sec. j. Trustees ty enter they accounts in books; and annually account and pay the balance. Sec 19. Appointment of new trustees by the remaining trustees, to be an inhabitant and land owner, (except the curate and schoolmaster.) Powers of the af may be executed by three trustees. Sating the rights of the rc&or of Barthomley. General laving.

CAP. XII

An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening and regulating the streets, lane, alleys, and public pastages, witton the to An of Whitby, in the county of York; for preventing iftcroicfc. ments, 'nuisances, and annoyances therein; for regulating the carriages, cartmen, and porters there; and for making convenient approaches to the bridge over the river Esk, within the said town.

Art 4 Geo. 3. C 73. recited, and repealed, and this a to commence, fub.eft to a debt of 600i. jright of the lord of the manor referred, who is to pave and clcanfe the marketplace: Trustees to regulate carriages,

waues of porters, lcavenjers, lighting and watching, and to mane avenues to the bridge; they may piirchafe lands within 10 years, or owner not obliged to sell, and may sell furplfc* ground; h duty«per chaliron, laid on coals at Whitby, and the same to ay be varied an 1 leficned; but the duty on coals uifed in the allow worfcvtobe drawn bick; and the trustees may borrow money, on annuities, and assign the rates and duties. Appeals to frifions, no Certiorari, a ad in bitants may be witncfics.

CAP.

7?9*] Anno viteiirfio nono Georgii III C 13, 14. 593

C "A P. Xfll.

ufxe off II fufptni, for a ftmited time, the execution of an act pojfei. M session f Parliaments entitled, An act for the better

securing the rights of persons qualified to vote at county elections; and for indemnifying the persons required to carry the '

bid eft into exetflitto, from the penalties they may have incur red in not exec uting the provijiens of the said act.

WHEREAS an act was made in the lajlfession of parliaments Preamble.

(intitaleds An art for the better securing the rights of »8 Geo. 3. persons qualified to vote at county elections: ) and whereas it is C 36* recited,

expedient to fujpend the execution of the said act; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the ad

vtcfe dnd content of the lords spiritudj and temporal, and cotft 1tfbfts, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the further operation and execution of andsuspended the said act, made in the last feffiort of parliament, shall be, and until April 5, the &vfte asse hereby fbfpended, and shall be suspended until the x79°* fifth day of Aprils which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feveh hundred land ninety 3 and that every act, matter, or thing, directed by the said act to be done or performed, or td commence oh any' day or any month, in any year, shall re fftediifcly be clone or performed, or commence, on the like day of the same month on the year next following, unless other provisions shall be made respecting the said act during this present session of parliament.

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and de All persons dared by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person and indemnified fuerfofts who are required to carry the said act into execution, o^fttecuo do jand who shall have omitted or neglected in any wise to exe an thing re cute, do, or perform, any ad, matter, or thihg, directed Or required by the quireq to be done or, executed by the said recited act, shall be, recited act. tmlthty are hereby relpcdiv&ly indemnified frofo and against

all persecutions, penalties, and forfeitures to which such person t>r perfods may be liable, by the said act inflicted for any ad, matter, ot thing by them, or any of them, neglected or omitted to be done or executed in obedience or in conformity t6 the said recited act.

III Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act This act not

Contained hall extend to prevent the passing, during the present to£rev^nt the ftflion of parliament, of any act or acts whereby this act, or that the prefect aid recited act, may be amended or repealed. session any

act to repeal

CAP. XIV or amend it

An act for amending an act of the twenty fetenth year of his pre rc^tc<*

seat Majestjr, ^for rebuilding the church of the_pari(h of Saint a

Mary Wanftede, alias Wanftcad, in the county of Eficx

Geo. 3. £. 63. redted. Power to raite 5.000b by loan or granting annuities. Power to sell a certain number of the vaults under the church. Rights of the rector saved. Expenses of this act to be paid out of money in trulucs hands. Public act.

Rr CAP.

Preamble.

28 Geo. 3. C 6. recited.

The King, by

order in council. may; oi horrt'c the in' put ting in

0 Qnrh, C

1 fl >ur,

live Mock, and Inman corn.

Anno viccfioio; ppno^geqrgl^ih., £, A!

'*'; V CAP.'.

Art Tor defraying Hie charge of the

A irt that part of Gwit Bn fain called euk^uu, w uuc tithe tweaty ftfth day of March one thousand (Wenhandml ameraty^ ', , nine.. - '*

L 1 .ri I' r" "

Sec. i. No militia man, enrolled prior to Nov. f9 IX ed to join, nnlefs hit regiment called out into actual service, sec.*in?>'

No man enrolled only for 3 years, of whom tib attendance rt^ufred, lo be entitled to pay or clothing. Sec. so. If any tegimeat* etc. M' eeafe during this act, $*. a day ito be paid to the adfutaal godd from such time to March aj, 1790.

Y. V: httin J usj

A V '.'in n brj/cl^.n

m dotfrinj

CAP. XVI

An act to enable his Majesty to author ift, in case of ntcejsky, the importation of breads flour, Indian corn, and Itve flock, from any of the territories, belonging to the United States of Amenta, into the provinte of Quebec, and all the countries bordering on the '' gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the islands within the said g*if, mid to the coajl of Labrador. :

WHEREAS by an ail faffed in the twenty-eighth year of r \ of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regelating the trade between the Jubjeds of his majesty's colonies V and plantations in North America, and in the West-india Islands, and the countries belonging to the United States of America and between his majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands ra the ivejl Indies; rt is among ft other things enacted. That no goods or commodities whatever jhau be imported from any of the territories belonging to the United States of America, by fed, or C oaf wise, into the province of Quebec, or into the countries or iflanis within the government thereof, or up the river Saint Lawrence, from thefea^, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with tbf jhij or, vessel importing the same, and all her guns, furniture, ammumtim, tackle, and apparel: and whereas it may be expedient, far, tbebeutr 1 supply of the persons employed in the fisheries carried on, as well within the said province, as in all the countries bordering on the gulf of Saint Lawrence, and on the islands w\tbin the said gulf, an&dfp, on the coast of Labrador, that certain sorts of provision Jbiuid be m ported into the same from the territories belonging to the said tjnhei States, when the neceffttiesj of fueb persons fbafl so require be lt ' therefore enabled by the king's most excellent majrityr ibyttfld* ( with the acjviqe and content of the lords fpirimal and tempera > commons, in this present parliament aficmbded^ nid by the authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawfulfor1^ '' his Majesty in council, by order or orders to be issued and pab*liflied, from time to time, to authorhe, in case of necefity^ d bringing or importing of bread, flour, Indian corn, and liveftodt* as well into the said province, as into all the countries bordering on the gulf of Saint Lawrence, and into the iflaods whhm the said gulf, and also to the Coast of Labrador, for the then ta suing season only, from any of the territories belonging to et*r -

said

7 j Anitb vicesimor kono^eokbri If? C 17, 18. 595

id United States of America for the supply of the persons m ployed in carrying on the fa id fifhefiesr provided always provided they wft^riad, Bout f Indiancorn, and lwe dock so author* imported t brought, shall not be importedt^htrfer. roclgnt* except in conformity to such rules regulations andbybritish rftriftions as shall be specified in such order or orders and ex subject? In cp9ibf &rtfyt> subjects and in british*built ships owned by his British ships;

subjects and navigated according to law under the^forfeited! rco^uy of the forfeiture thereof together with the ship or vef ?1 importing or bringing the same and all her guns furniture, tncnunition* tackle and apparel.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Forfeitures That all and every the goods or commodities and all ships or {j^ommmd reflels forfeited by this act shall and may be seized by the com ej8 Of ^jps Of napder or commanders of any of his majesty's ships or vessels war, o. and A ynr, or any commissioned, warrantor petty officer fpeci recovered and illy ^utfiorifed by him or them or by any officer or officers f f^cftures 11s wui^fty's customs; and that every forfeiture and penalty in rcfpeaing*the: urred by this act shall and may respectively be sued for pro customs ccuted, and recovered, in such courts and by such and the like7^ays^' means and methods, and the produce thereof re pedlively disposed of and applied in such and the like manner, and tp such and the like uses and purposes as any forfeiture incufr'ed by any lawcefpefting the revenue of the customs may now be sued for prosecuted or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in this kingdom or in any of his majesty's dominions in North America, or the West Indies, respectively, as the case may happen to be

- XVII

An for repairing certain road in the county of Perth i and for explaining and amending an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reigtt'of'bra present Majesty, (chap 13.) for repairing the highways bridges, and ferries in the county of Perth.

Ml! 1 '

\^CAP. XVIII

An differ repealing on all made in the last session of parliament, intita\ed % .An act for the better securing the rights of persons qualified to Vote at county elections.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the twenty-eighth year Preamble. Wf ltlbe reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the8 Geo. 3. better fccucing the rights of persons qualified to vote at county C recited, elections: ana whereas ibe earrying of the said act into effect would be attended with r great and continual expense, and be pro dust we of mnj+bariships and inconveniences to freeholders and others, and the fold aft mtdd prove inadequate to answer the purposes thereof: may it therefore pfeafe your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the adviccitnd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commoavin this present parliament aisembled, and by the au '*thority

s96

and repealed.

Persons who have omitted to perform anything required by the recited act, indemnified. pubjick aft.

Anno vicesimo nono georgii III 0.19-^13. [ijfy

tbority of ihfc same. That the faits& the tweaty eighrh. of his feid majesty's reign, and every matter, dauie, and tttfc therein contained, shall be, and the same ft ahd are hereby iff pealed. 1

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enact arc declared. That all and every person and persons who dull tail omitted or neglected m any wise to execute, do, of pfrforfe 1 anything directed to be done or required of therti by thefdj ] recited act, shall be, and are hereby respectively indenuu&ri for such their default or defaults therein.

III And be it further enacted* That this act shall be (toned and taken to. bt a publick ad; and shall be taken notice of a such by all persons whomsoever, without the same being fpee ally pleaded.

CAP. Xltfi

An act for continuing, an act, made in the twenty seventh yeareftk reign of his present Majesty, (cap. 3$.) intituled, An act for te couragement of the arts of defining and printing rtneuv, cutrto, ctlitcqet, and mrtfiins.by veiling the properties thereof in theddigwn, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time. till ju.j 1, 179*

CAP. XX

An act for repairing the roads in the county of Forfar, and forrtgrii!* ing the statute labour within the same.

CAP. XXI

Ad ad fojr altering the powers of an act, made irt the thlhy afrtf par of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (chap. 35.) for erecting piers and other works for the security and improvement of the harbour of New Shurrham; in the county of Sussex, tad for keeping the same in repair. old duties to cease, and new duties to

CAP. XXII

An act to amend and render efieftnal an act of the thirty fidl yrtr of King George the Second, (chap. 18.) for draining and preferring certain fen lands and lowgroundsjn the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between thb Cadi, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and mfiden hall nyere, and bounded on the southeast by the hard lands of Ife: ham, Fordham, Sohkm, and Wigken; and for impowering the gow hot, bailiffs, and commonalty of the cortipahy of dobferotors df the great level of the fens, oalled Bedford jje4el, to sell certain lands within the said limits, commonly called Inverted, Lands; and for laving certain rates on vessels navigated upoh tfte# (kid riven, toiua fuppbrtlng the banks thereof.

CAP. XXIII

An act for enlarging the term and powers Of fevtvil aft, pritedin tke eighth and ninth year of the reign of King william the Third, tai in the hrft, fifth, and seventh years of the reign of King George Ut tirft, and in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late myfcf King George the Second, for Rebuilding, repairing, and amcodiogtae piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the cotmty of York.

8 8c9Gol. 5. C 19. 1 Geo. 1. C 49. 5 Geo. X e.io. 7 Geo. x.e.j^wd a6 Geo, a. C 10# Former acts further continued for 2$ yean. Tnrkces

IQ

89*3 Aritfo vicesimoi ricnt> Georgii IH. C 44, 45.

rau&the hortfi pier to be extended sixty feet, arid other works t6 be itti i idepy of accounts of receipts and disbursements to be lent to tbt oiktf Hod ft at neweaft<e. Trulfcees empowered to purchase lanfl, . fr improving the harbour. Lands and toils liable to comrioute to air of the piers, etc to continue so. That a certain annual Cum shah paid Vf the' estate owners at Bridlington, not less tfiafl one pier rate I 4q bw. Trustees may apply for additional rates, if necelfary. The ea ascertained. Allowing an appeal. No person potfeited of ad, ite liable to be rated Iball be elected a trustec.

CAP. XXIV

for rebuilding the market house of the town of Llanfylltn, in tkfc rounty of Montgomery, and for other purposes therein mentioned, ind defraying the rxpence thereof, by file of certain wade lands in: he townflrips of giob*lch and Bachau, in the said county.

d market house taken down in 1775. One commissioifor, and 15 lftees. The right of common extinguished. Boundaries. 10 be per ibulated. Waste lands to be Airveyed. Roads et out. How the bhek roads, are to be maintained. Allotments to be set out to the cute of Battlefield, and others. Waste lands to be sold. Award to be ide in writing. Money arising by such sale to be applied to erect a arket, for making bridges and drains, for purchasing a burying place, r roads over the watte at Gloowlch andbachau, for irirolling the award, d fencing the allotment for the poor. The old market house vetted in uttees. Persons refufin; to treat, etc. the recomptnce to be ascertain L by a jury, with the usual clauses in regard to purchases. Accounts be kept of moneys rec. tied and paid^and all contradb and othefr oceedinga entered in books. Lands to be sold riot to be exempted ora tithes. Appeal to the quarter session. Reservation of mines, ith liberty of working the favne, making satisfa&iori for damages. sav g manerial rights. General saving of right.

CAP. XXV

n act to incorporate certain persons therein named, and their fucceflbrst* by the name and ftiie of The Northumberland Fishery Society; and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a capital ioint ftocfc for more cffe&ualiy fupporung, conducing, and increasing such fishery.

'wenty proprietors. To be a body corporate. Corporation may purchase inds, to the value of 500i. per ann. Power to raise a capital of 50, 000!. ach share npt to exceed 150i. and no one proprietor to hkve more than ight (bares, and the Cociety prohibited from borrowing moriey. capi d to be divided into shares of 1501. each. To be deemed personai ttate. Subscribers entitled to the profits, and may vote for one, two, r three shares, one vote; for four or five shares, two votes; for six or even share, three votes, and for eight shares, four votes. One share o have only one vote. May vote by proxy. Proxies to be proprie ors. Books to be kept. Subscribers to pay their shares of calls on & nonth's notice; in case of non payment, to incur a forfeiture of the hares, and also iol. percent, on each share. On 3 months further notice, ind nota payment, to pay the further sum of iol. percent, on each share if the nonpayment be declared at a general meeting, the shares to heroine forfeited, and aifo the penalties of iol* percent, and iol. percent n each Share, to be recovered by action in courts at Westminstet*; but Ihe proprietors, at a general meeting, may postpone, mitigate, or remit the same. In case ot death, executors, icc. to pay subscription. In default of assets, the subscriptmon may be paid by any other proprietor, wbo is to repay all the testator had paid on his shares. Subscribers to difpole of shares by deed in writing, a duplicate whereof is to be kept by the (Secretary. A governor and four directors to be chosen. Governor

r T and

lc

5£$ Anno vkcsimo nono gborgh III C 2 5.

and directors to be fvrorn. Four genera? quarterly meeting! to > in every year, t tmr powers to conduct the affrwtrf ibtlodi

special meetings may be appointed. Six weeks notice farthrlitfdwi zette to be annually given to creditors, C and the ampupiof< published. Governors and directors subject to the conjtroul tors. No trartsfer to be made for 3 years. A furtbci^fudi may be raised by the society, if the original him not fuffiefedfc crease of capital to be made until 3 months notice this act for 21 years.

CAP. XXVI X

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twenty ffib year if the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a el for grafting to his Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and penj chapmen; and for regulating their trade.

Preamble.

jgeo. 3. C 78. recited.

w

and from Aug. X 1789, repealed, so far as relates to the duties, and so far as is not reenacted by this act.

9 & to Gul. 3. C 17. revived from Aug. 1, 1789, so far as not hereby altered or explained.

From Aug. 1, 1789, the following yearly duties to be paid, viz.

Most. gracious Sovereign, r

Pereas an act was made in the twenty fifth year reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ad/org^st^ to his Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, andyptfc chapmen; and for regulating their trade: end wbeum pedient to repeal the duties now charged upon and payable ey kewlefr > pedlars, petty chapmen, and other per font going from town to (Jttffeir to other men's houses, and to grant other duties in lieu thcruf\ fllfo to explain and amend the aforesaid act, with respect id e reflations therein contained: therefore, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in Mfji^ ment artembled, humbly pray your Majesty that it may be at atsted; and be it enabled by the king's most excellent mawty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpimual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afirmbfei and by the authority of the same, That, from and after tbefira day of August one thousand seven hundred and eightyniatv d aforesaid act, passed in the twenty fifth year of his prefatf^na jesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for grant' '*Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty

and for regulating their trade; so far a relates to the fai and so far as is not re enacted by this act, (lull he, .auditsj is hereby repealed. ", JT.

II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, th*tad made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his laie" il King jvittiam the Third, entitled, An act for ticenfiigjf and pedlars, for a further provision of interest for the tr/ww for reducing of Ireland, shall, from and after the said August, be revived and put in force, and shall be executedmtacb and the like manner as before the parting of the

the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty wfif as the same is not hereby altered or explained.

III And be it enacted by the authority afore fata, TT, fa and after the said fjrft day of Aygujl, there shall jtejiw, fwered, and paid, to and far the use of his

and successors, the rates and duties following; (that is.tofaft)

Hr

> 3, Anno vlceoroo nono Georgii III C 26, 599

every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and every other Every hawk ngpcflhn and persons, going from town to town, or to other cr» travelling either on foot, or with horse, horses, hfcrtvrfrjto England, ivales, or the town of Berwick upon to sell, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, djihaodizesj a duty of four pounds for each year: ld: ky every person so travelling with a horse, afs, or mule, and a like there beast bearing or drawing burden, the sum of four dut for each ds yearly, for each beast he or she shall so travel with, over^f'c^c# Lbovc the said first mentioned duty of four pounds.

And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from hawker fter the said first day of August it shall not be lawful for any auction to: er, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or forfeit jol. ns going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and tling either on foot or with horse or horses, either by open room or (hop, and exposing to sale any goods, wares, or tafpdb&es by retail in any town, parish, or place, (such per tto? feting a householder there, or the same not being an plfcce of his or her abode, or of his or her carrying on bu tew by any other means or device, to vend or sell, either nitfelf or herself, or by any auctioneer (whether licensed or tucker, appraiser, agent, servant, or other person, on his T fchalf, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, by jk^fcfiodcing down of hammer, candle, lor, pareel, or any ''inode of sale at auction, or whereby the best or highest 5r^w? W shall be deemed to be the purchaser \ that every tfjtfid persons so vending or selling, contrary to such prolii imt Jaft aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every offence, pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein nw&tfbned.

, AM be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, du*y to be and' after the said first day of August, every hawker, pedlar, P tihafnnan, and other trading person or persons, so travelling cence. prefeid, (half, at the time of receiving his or her licence as iftfcaf mentioned, and.without any discount whatsoever, pay ifcfa granted or made payable by or imposed upon him or. efjpe&ively, to the commissioners for the time being for LI ftg'feawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, or some person or fcr in that behalf authorised or deputed by them, or the r^iirtef them, in writing under their hands and seals; and r wfnteot thereof, and not otherwifr, a licence shall be fto to them, subscribed by the said commissioners for the iidag, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and ^ifefcofding to the true intent and meaning of this and the £'

1 St made in the reign of King William the Third, and ac ing to he duties which shall then be paid upon receiving

d bet it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That before Persons ap^persons (ha) 1 receive, or be entitled to receive, any plyin& fr LI of to .uadi or. travel as aforesaid, every such person or persons

Form of such certificate.

600 Anno vicesimo pono Gboroji ih.c.a£. tijfy.

ficate of their fans (hailproduce.to the cocnaiilfioner or <

good cha deputy or depytie?, ?ppoiot?d or licengig;

r*cter' ptlty chapmen, and other trading persons a aforcbam cate, figoed by some one clergy/uan officiating wit phapelry, or place, wherein such person so applying I cence has his usual residence, and also by two repusmci tants of the said pan lb, chapelry, or place, attefisatt person so applying is of good character and rep»uaiiofcj fit peffon to be licensed to exercise the trade of a hi*hr, and .petty chapman.

VII And be it further enabled by the authority 1 That the certificate foto be produced as aforesaidf form or to theetfedl following:

WE A. B. the mnifttr, and C D. andes. herigt holders rtfiding at in the per

or otherwise, as the case may be),/ ini'

do hereby certify that G. H. bath beau for the [pate of years lost pa ft, and daring pti

hath usually rtftded in the said parish, chapelry, or otheri cate may be) of and is a person of goodt

reputation, and is a fit person to be licensed to exerafe the I hawker9pedlar, and petty chapman Dated the

5jm

A. B. Act sift sr*^«jll

££}*#'

VIII And be it further enabled by the auti Hawkers to That every person to whom any fudi licence as a markon their granted, under or by virtue of this at, and whoifcafr £.terafedc* or un°cr colour ot^ such licence, (hdl cause to be Hawker, etc. CU or printed, in large legible Roman capitals, on penalty of conspicuous part of every pack, box, bag, trunk,

«ol. wagon, or other vehicle or conveyance, in which i

carry his or her goods, wares, arid merchandizes, room and (hop in which he or she shall so trade, upon every hand bill, or advertisement, which he < give our, distribute, or publish, the words Liceafhd t gether with the number, name, or other mark or 1 ftin&ion, so written or printed upon his or hoik said; and that every such person, in any refpedfc 1 herein, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of tm*i tjnlicenfcd IX And be it further enacted by the authority a \ persons so # jf^any time, from ancj after the said first daf df < ^cks, netc.e r p^00 other than to whom such licence (halt' to forfeit iol. granted as aforesaid shall write, paint, or print, : written, painted, or printed, or keep or continue 1 ed, or printed, upon any pack, bag, box, trunk, 1 gone, or other vehicle or conveyance, for any gotd % 4 merchandizes, or in any room or (hop ill whkh te

Ann vicesimo nono Georgii III. C oi

i > or expefe to dale, or keep for sale, any goods, wares, or mer a4atii#»as, the words Ucensed Hawker, or Luenfed Pedlar, or any law word Of words tp that efsect; every person offending here dmpu forfeit, for each offence, the fotn of ten pounds.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Hawkers fell afoto hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person ln0g0$^jfe<* s ^ri&refekl, shall, from and after the said first day of 4uzuft'> C to forfeit their ok dealing in, Qr vending or selling any kind of hnug- licences, etc. ltd) contraband, or prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, r dbeaiing in, vending or selling any goods, wares, or mecchan wi fraudulently or dishonestly procured, either by themselves,

r through the medium of Others with their privity and know edge, every such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or trading person, shall, from and after such conviction, forfeit his or her icejace, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or new licence, or dealing, traffieking, or trading under: be lame; and that over and above all such forfeitures and incapacities, fines and penalties, to which he or she is or shall be by lavr subje# and liable for such illicit and illegal trafficking and dealing.

XL And be it further enacted. That if any such hawker, Hawkers pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading person so travelling trading with as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said first day of Augufly trade ^llewcoa as aforesaid without, or contrary to, or otherwise than as shall trary thereto, be allowed by such licence, such person shall, for each and every or refusing to such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and produce, or applied as hereafter' mentioned; and that if any person trading their licence, under and by virtue of any licence to him or her granted as to produce,afopcfoid* upon demand made by any person or persons autho to forfeit xol» rifod or appointed to demand any such licence, by the commissioners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen for the time being, or any*two of them, under their hands and seals, and upon producing or shewing such authority or appointment to such person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon demand made by any justice of tlw peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace of any county, riding, division, town corporate, borough,

OS place, where he or she mall so trade, or by any officer of the cuffem* or excise, shall refuse to produce and shew his or her LI ewee for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or her licence for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce and show unto sech person authorised or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such juftiocof the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace, officer of thexuftoms or excise, that then the persons so ttfafiag, or not having his or her licence ready to produce and he was aforesaid, shall forfeit ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned, and for nonpayment thereof

(bsdl.foier as axammon vagrant, and be committed to the house corm&ion* '

xll And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sfbat if m person or persons whatsoever shall forge or coun Persons forg hjfm any ikencasorlicences, tar this a directed to be granted, ing licences,

or or travelling

with them, to forfeit tool.

Ferfoni lending licences, or trading with lent licence, to forint 40i each, and the lender his licence.

Persons trading without licence, or refuting to produce it, »av be feneed, and carried before a mi gistrate, etc.

Anno vicesimo nano gsoftcii IIK ct.

or travel with, or produce or shew, any'such forgot or 1 feited licence or licences for any of the purposes afovcfefe^ewiy, such person shall, for every such offence, forforrhclinn Ofom hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein rittr k directed.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in case any person shall let oat to hire or lend any Homer to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with, or under colour of, any licence granted unto any other period whatsoever, or of any licence in which hit or her own real name shall not be inserted as the name of the person to whom the same is granted, the person letting out to hire or lending any such licence, and the person To trading with, or under colour of, any licence granted to any o»her person, or any licence in which his or her own real name shall not be inferred as the name of the person to whom the same is granted, shall each of them forfeit the (dm of forty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mea tioned; and in case any person shall be convicted, or have judgement against him for lending his or her licence to any other person or persons, contrary to this act, such his or her licence shall be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable of having any licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to seize and detain any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading personas aforesaid, who shall be found trading without a licence, contrary to this act, or who, being found tracting, shall refuse or neglect to produce to such person or persons a licence according to this act, after being required foto do, for a reasonable time in order to give notice to a cocrib* ble, headborough, tythingman, or other peace officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry such persons so feneed, unlefe they shall, in the mean time, produce their rejpcdive licences, before same one of his majesty*s justices of the peace of the county or place where such offence or offences Avail be committed, which said justice of the peace is hereby atsihorifed bod strictly required to examine into the or fads charged, iffcd upon due proof, either by confession of the party offending, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which the said justice is hereby empowered to administer) that the person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, and no (nth licence being produced by such offender before the find jtiftioe, to convict the offender of trading without a licence; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said mill of forty pounds to be forthwith levied by distressed and sale of the goods, wares, or merchandizes of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders (hah be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after dedudion of the ftafoaabie

charges

i tt that faicmiftrefs and ourof the faiff'fisre'fb

*wmpvllnfti4 tjp«6ive ^enaltiea and forfmores aforesaid? hfitt in «w&i>»fn*rto commihuch offender to thr commoh gaol or ^fcm^»*£^rrc&fon of theflcaumy, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the said offence shall be committed, there main^mnlihe said penalties and forfeitures, and the reason charge of taking the said distress, shall be levied by such refs and Me as aforefmid; oruntif the same shall be otherwise or catufied by sech offender. V

t, xv\r<aod be tt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bat if any constable, headborough, or tythingman, or othel: 4tfficeror officers of the peace, shall refuse or neglect, upon due £)ptioe, or on his or their own view, to be aiding and assisting in execution of this or the said recited act, being thereunto re t tjuired, each and every such officer or officers, being thereof con > upon his confession, or by the oath of one or more ere

rt^w?k witness or wirnestes, before any joftice of the peace for the oriplace where the offence shall be committed, shall for each and every such offence the sum of ten pounds, t6 £9>i*eohe«ed and applied as hereafter mentioned.

frft XVL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons, going from town to town, or to other men'srhfpufoi travelling either on foot or with horseor horses, or open wgitcoom or, (hop, and exposing to sale any goods, wares, or qtpfn'chamlises# by retail, in any town, parish, or place, such per not being a householder there, or the same not being an usual.. nf his or her abode, or of hie or her carrying on business? .vend, (el, or expose to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandises, what (beaver, m any city or market town in England, Wales ^oftthejown of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the distance of two apifo* front the middle of the most central market place of any., fob city or market town, by the most usual or common roads; pndui cats Any such person or persons shall vend, fell, or expose ip sale, goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, in any ky or market town in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick <spm1twetdt<ot within the distance of two miles from the middle of the wood central market place of any such city or marker town, by-sh*most central or common road as aforesaid, every - such pefjbn foal 1 forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum. sen pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is ^ipfohowed.'

^; XVII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no bfopwein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, 'tohioder wny person or persons from selling, or exposing to sale, ^oy*loet: of goods.or merchandizes in any public mart, mar kct^ojvsoir, but that such person may do therein as they lawfully fhuve done before the making of this act; anything before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. V Xymc Provded always, and be it further enacted, That if <4k|Y<hiwka*, pedlar, or patty chapman, or other trading person, rc w. XXXVI Ss - shall

"603

Peace officer neglecting their duty to forfeit xol*

No hawker to

expofe^any goods to sale in a city or market town, or within 1 miles thereof, on penalty of xol.;

except on market or fair days.

Hawkers

vendinggoods

in any city, ficc. contrary

604 Anno vicesimo mmogeorgu III C 26. [17s5.

to this a A, to shall vend any goods, wares, or merchandizes, in any such city, the rk^10 1- lown or pace contrary to any of the provisions in this act coo tie as unk* taine such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, or other trading cenfedha*k person, shall be subject and liable to the like penalties as is by ere. this act inflicted on hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or

other trading persons travelling without licence.

Hawkers who XIX And be it further enacted, That, from and afrer the were licensed said sir day Of August, it shall be lawful for any person or per ^any^ufi^1 ons wo, oa^was or were duly ltceofed to

nefs where trade as hawkers and pedlars, to setup, occupy, use, or exercise they are rest any craft, mystery, or occupation, used or occupied within this dent inhabi realm, in any place where they shall be resident inhabitants, nc^brol0lht^ aus they not lave ^ccn brought up in such craft, mv up thereto, ^ery» or occupation seven years as apprentices, and alfotopt dec. any person on work in such craft, my.rtery, or occupation, although

fuqh person shall not have been apprentice therein as aforesaid; any penalty, matter, or thing contained in an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, entitled, jh8 containing diverse orders for artificers, labourerj, servants of bmfian dry, and apprentices, to the contrary not with handing; and that if any such person, or their wives or children, shall be prosecuted for using or exercising any such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any city, town, or place, and ball make it appear that they had such licence as aforesaid, they shall, upon the general issue pleacted, he found not guilty, in any action, bill, plaint, information, or indictment for such cause exhibited against him; and in all cases where costs are allowed, such persons, so acquitted, shall be intided to and shall receive double cofb; and that no such persons, their wives or children, during the time they shall use and exercise such craft, mystery, or occupation, in any parish or place, shall be resnoveable therefrom to his, her, or their Jaft legal place of settlement, until such person or persons shall become actually chargeable to such parish or place; any law now in being relative to the settlement of the poor to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

No wholesale XX Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no J'fh^ odf to per*on being a wholesale trader in engli/b bone lace, in woollen, be deemed l*nen» filki cotton, or mixed goods, or any of the goods, wares, hawker. or manufactures of Great britain>and selling the same by whole fa!e, shall be deemed or uken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, within the intent and meaning of this or of any other 'ad relative to hawkers, or of any or either of them; and tharall and every such person or persons, his her, or their children, apprentices, servants, or agents, selling by wholesale only, shall go from house to house, and from (hop to (hop, to any of their customers, who shall fell again by wholesale or retail, without bring subject or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained'in this or in any of the said acts, touching hawkers, pedlars, or

petty chapmen; anything in this or in any of the said acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no

thing

i 7b9.] Anno vicesimo rtono g*orgii HI. C 26# 605

thing in this act shall extend, or be confttued to extend, to pro Act not to tobii any person or persons from selling any printed papers, Ji cxt£n<j° canted by authority, or any fish, fruit, or victuals; nor to Irin Scfcrioed^10ller the real worker or workers, or maker or makers, of any goods, wares, or manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her, or tfveir children, apprentices, or known agents or servants, usually residing with such real workers or makers only, from carrying abroad or exposing to sale, and selling by retail, or otherwise, any of the said goods, wares, or manufactures, of his, her, or

their'own making, in any mart, market, or fair, and in every city, borough, town corporate, and market town; nor any Tinkers, coopers, glaziers, plumbers, harness menders, or other persons ufuahy trading in mending kettles, tubs, household goods, or harness whatsoever, from going about and carrying Tvith him or them proper materials for mending the same.

XXII And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal How penalties ties which shall be incurred under this act, of a greater sum thanb<?vc lol\*rc

twenty pounds, shall be recovered, together with costs of suit, ^anttap ^" in any of his majesty's courts of record at ivefiminster, by action plied.

of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue foi the same.

XXIII And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Howpenaltir* the pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the not exceeding sum of twenty pounds, it shall be recoverable before one of his r°ccyfrrcd°and majesty's justices of the peace of the county, riding, shire, divi applied, C fion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence either by voluntary confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible wirnefs or witnesses 5 and one moiety of every such jaft mentioned penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment, the said justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, shall cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, and the overplus of the money raised, after dedufting the penalty and the expense of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and shall also commit the offender to the prison of such county, shire, division, city, liberty, town, or place, there to remain until the said penalties, and the reasonable charges of taking the said distress, shall be levied by such distress and sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satished by such offender; and it shall be lawful for any such justice of the peace by his warrant to cause such offender to be apprehended and brought before him to answer to any charge or complaint for any such penalty, and to co(r»tnit such offender to prison as aforesaid until the hearing of such charge or complaint, unless he m (he fhaltafid do enter into a recognisance before such jus

s 2 ftice,

6o6

No person committed to jroal to be detainedmore than three months. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fcf lions.'

Convtfttrm in the forpa following to be good.

Form of conviction.

Anno vicesimo nono Gborgxi III C 2 [1785.

ftice, with two sufficient furetics, in a sufficient sum to be ordered by such justice, to appear at the hearing of such charge or complaint.

XXIV Provided always, and be it enacted, That no perfoa committed to any gaol or house of correction, for any offence committed against this act, shall be detained in such gaol or house of correction, for any longer space of time than three months.

XXV And be it further enacted. That if any person or persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he, (he, or they, shall or may upon entering into a recognisance with two sufficient sureties, to be approved by such justice to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with a sum which In the judgement of such justice shall be adequate to the amount of the costs which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the amount of such penalties, forfeitures, and costs as shall be adjudged, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, or, at their discretion, to state the facts specially for the determination of his Majesty's court of king's bench thereon; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices, or the court of king's bench, to award the person or oerfons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a conviction in the form or to the cffedl following, mutaiis mutandis, as the case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without dating the evidence, and without alleging more than the substance of the offence, in all cases wherein any justice of the peace hath power to convidt by virtue of this present act:

BE it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of our Lord at

in the county of A. B. came before me, C D.

cfquirc, one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, residing near the place where the offence herein after mentioned was committed, and informed me that E. F. of in the said county of (here ftt firth the

for which the information is laid) whereupon the said. £. being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before me, [and having heard the charge contained in the said information, acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the facts therein stated to be true, but in his, (or her) defence alleged, (here sitting forth the substance of the defence \) or voluntarily contcflcd the said charge to be true, or did not make any defence against the said charge, whereupon the same was fully proved on the oath of G. H. a credible witness; or said that be (or ihe) was not guilty of the said offence whereupon the same was fully

proved

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono gsorgii III C 26. 607

proved on the oath of G. H. a credible witness, or as the case shall be] or did not appear before me pursuant to the said fiimmons, but the said charge was fully proved on the oath of

S. H. a credible witness, [or as case Shall be) and therefore it oianifeftly appearing to me that the said E. F. is guilty of the offence charged in the said information, I do hereby convict bim (or her) of the said offence, and do adjudge that he (or (he) bath forfeited the sum of (or his [or her) licence,

ind the sum of) of lawful money of Great Britain,

to be dirtributed as the law directs, according to the form of the datute in such case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal, the day of

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Noconvic* said. That no conviction upon this act shall be removed or re tlon te, r movable, by writ of Cehiorari or otherwise, into his majesty's ^y^her ° court of king's bench, or ay other court, save upon an appeal, court fare

as by this act is directed. upon appeal

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afore asdirwtcdby laid, That every justice, before whom any person hath already 1 'a*convicted of any offence, under or by virtue of any of the hav^reedved acts hereby repealed, and having received for his Majesty's ufc hi majesty's any part or share of any penalty levied, inflicted, or paid, un ftiareof pe dcror by virtue of such conviction, for which he has not already naltic* tinder accounted, shall, within six months after the parting of this act, ^ets^o^ranf transmit to the commissioners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, mjtan ac. and petty chapmen, a schedule, or schedules, containing the count thereof names of the persons so convicted, the day on which they within six were convicted, their respective offences, and the respective s0£fter sums now remaining in the hands of such jurtice for his Mathis alt? jelly's Lfe, which were levied or paid under or by virtue of

such convictions, arranged according to the several counties, ridings, or places, within which such convictions hath been made; and that every justice, before whom any such person Justicesto re shall be convicted of any offence under or by virtue of this ceive his ma at, shall take and receive his majesty's share of the penalty levied or paid under or by virtue of such conviction; and that un^very such jurtice, his executors or administrators, shall pay, or act. cause to be paid, all such sums of money as shall be remaining Justicest; o pay in his or their hands at the time of the passing of this act, at monevrecciv the next general quarter sessions of the peace after the passing of fhcclerkoft0 this act, and all such sums which he shall so take or receive up the peace, on any conviction Under or by virtue of this act as aforesaid, at who is to re the next general quarter sessions of the peace, after he shall have* .to he so taken or received the same, into the hands of the clerk of the prfor hcenf peace, or other suchlike officer, for the county, riding, or place |ng hawkers within which such conviction shall have been made, who is etc. hereby directed to remit the same forthwith, without fee or reward, to the said com mi (Turners for licensing hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, of to such person or persons as the greater fart of them shall appoint and that every such jurtice, his exes

s 3 cutora

6o8

Powers of9&

io Gul. 3. C »7, etc. to be in force, cxcepthereby altered.

witneflvs refuting to attend etc. to forfeit iol.

Duties to be paid to the cashier of the duties on hawkers, etc.

Anno vfeesimo nono geoxoil HI. C 9.

cjutors or adminiftfators, ftnril, immediately in such pattnfck made to any clerk of the peace, or other facti officer, rranfmh a like schedule to the said commissioners, or tt such perfoti or persons as they, or the greater part of them, shall appoint.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforcfiid. That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, ru!e<f methods, penalties, and forfeitures, exemptions, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever, which in and by the said act, made in the reign of King William the Third, or by any other law now in force relating to or concerning the duties by that act granted, are provided, settled, or established, (other than so far as the same is, are, or shall be incontinent with, or contradictory or repugnant to anything in this act contained, and other than in such cases for which different provisions arc prescribed by this act, ) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, Je ying, collecting, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, and be in force, with rest eft to the same, as fully and effectually to all intents dnd purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, exemptions, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and. again enacted in this present act.

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnefies, to give evidence before any justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, or to the herein before mentioned act, made in the re gn of King William the Third, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing, shall refute to be examined upon oath, and give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, before whom the profecut: on shall be depending, that then every such person shall icrfeit, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid, in such manner, and by such means, as are herein directed as to the other penalties.

XXXI And be it further enacted by the authority, aforefsid. That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the cashier, for the time being, of the duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, are directed to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said feverxl rates and duties, and paid into the receipt as aforesaid, fh|jl be eptered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable

19

1789-) Anno vicesimo nono gborgii III C 27, 28. 609

to hi Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account what focrcr; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of ex chequer as aforesaid, shall be a fund for the payment of the fe feral annuities, and all other charges and expenses as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an at passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled.

An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and tnmfport bills, and ordnance debentures.

XXXII And be it farther enacted, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this adfor of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general General issue. issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shah pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non faited, or judgement shall be recovered against him or them upon demurrer; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their achon, or be nonproffcd therein, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him Treble costs. or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII

An act for paving, clean sin g, lighting, improving, and regulating the streets, lane, and other public pafiagea and places, and for repairing .the highways, within the parish of Saint Clement in the town and port of Hayings, in the county of suftex; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, obstruttions, and incroachmeats, within the said town and port.

forty-three Commissioners to be fwom. Officers to account. No cattle to be killed in the streets. Rates to be paid by occupiers of lands, hooses, &c*.according to the poor rates, and not to exceed iaol. per ann. Oafts and deezes for curing fish occupied for the fpafon to pay / annual a&fiments, by landlord, owner, or occupier. The owners of houses let in separate apartments liable to pay aflcilraents. Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts to the commissioners No highway rate to be lain in future, or statute duty called out. Commissioners may borrow money, not more than 1, 500b at interest, and assign the rates as a security. Interest money to be paid half yearly. Poor rates may be is (petted. Allowing an appeal against rates to quarter sessions.

CAP. XXVIII

An act for appropriating the sum of three thousand pounds, out of the upexhaujitd balance or fur plus ariftng from the forfeited estates in North Britain, to be applied by the highland society of Scotland at Edinburgh to public uses in that part of the kingdom

WHEREAS the highland society of Scotland at Edinburgh Preamble.

was incorporated for the purposes of inquiring into the fate of the highlands and islands of Scotland, for promoting improvements, by eflablishing towns and villages, making roads, building bridges, advancing agriculture, extending fineries, and introducing ufefid trades and manufactures in that part of the kingdom: and seas, in terms of their institution, the highland society has advan s s 4 ttd

610 Anno vicesimo nono geo*gii IIL C e8. [17^

ted considerable sums of money for the above useful purposes but jm themselves unable to carry this beneficial and extcnfivo plan effuluady into execution by the voluntary contribution of their members mhuh is their only fund: and whereas, by an act passed in the twenty) syrtk »4 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty entitled An act iq enable C SI''Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former proprietors opoft certain terms and conditions, the forfeited estates in Scoelmd* which were put under the management of a board of iruftccsby an at passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said act; it was enafttd* That it Should be lawful to his Majesty* his heirs and fuuejjors* to give grant and difpont to the federal per fans therein named their respective heirs and assigns the several lands and ejlatn therein mentioned subject to and chargeable with the several principal sums of money thereby made payable or directed to be paid into the (curt of exchequer in Scotland, with such directions for the difpoption or application thereof as in the said act are contained: and it urns thereby further enacted That the several principal sums of money fa thereby made payable, or directed to be paid into the said court a exchequer Should be forthwith by order of the said court lodged in tin royal bank or bank <7/* Scotland, or in any of the public funds for such interef as could be obtained for the same till otberways difpojed of in manner thereinafter directed and (after taking notice that the sums to be paid into the said court of exchequer might happen not to bo exhay fled by the several applications in the said oft Jpecified) it was thereby further enacted That the balance of money to be paid in Should remain under the care of the said court of exchequer in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the said public batiks or public fund^jubjeft to the future disposition of parliament: and whereas the sums of money jo by the said act directed to be paid into the said court of exchequer in Scotland, have in pursuance of the said act been paid into the said court and all the applications in the said act directed to be made thereof have been accordingly made in the manner mentioned in the said act: and whereas it will be of great advantage to the highlands of Scotland in particular, and to the kingdom in general that a sum of money artftng from the surplus or unexhaujled balance of the price of the said forfeited estates Should be appropriated to enable the said highlandfxiety to carry effectually into execution the laudable purposes of their infiitu tion; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirirua! and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Barons of the and by the authority of the same. That it thall and may be law exchequer to fuj to an<j for tfoc jorj chief baron, and remanent barons of his the highland majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland or any three of them fucicty. for the time and they are hereby directed and required,

by and out of the unexhaufted balance or surplus of the moneys so directed by the said act, passed in the twenty-fourth year of fiis present majesty's reign, to be paid into the said court, by th several persons therein named, over and above what shall satisfy and discharge the purposes and appropriations by the faief id,

or

Anno vicesimo nono Gkorgh III c.29, 30.

any other act fpecjally dirked, and before payment of aoy n or films of money that may hereafter be directed to be paid j*t other purposes, by any other act that may hereafter be IM, to pay, or caofe to be paid to the said highland society Sudani at Edinburgh, or to such person or persons as the said fety shall legally appoint and empower to receive the same,

'|mmioting the laudable purposes of their institution before sniioaed, the sum of three thousand pounds, of good and vful money of Great Britain, free of all deductions whatfo ar; and the receipt or receipts of the said highland society ofbmd at Edinburgh, or of the person or persons so by them to appointed, for the said sum of three thousand pounds, or for y part thereof, shall be a sufficient voucher to the said barons the sum or Aims of money thereby acknowledged to be re vad, and shall be taken as evidence of their having i/tued and peftded so much of the money paid into court in pursuance of9hid aft; and for that purpose the said barons, or any three them, shall, from time to time, issue their warrant or warns to the bank or banks, or to any person or persons, in whose ods the said money now is, or hereafter may happen to be seed or deposited j and the said highland society of Scotland at inivrgb is hereby directed and required, when the said sum of rte thousand pounds, or any part thereof, is issued and paid as fftsaid, to lend out the same on proper security, and to apply e annual produce thereof to the uses and intents and purposes their institution.

U; And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed Public act d taken to be a public act; and all judges, justices, and her persons, shall take notice thereof as such, without specially siding the same.

CAP. XXIX

1 act for providing a workhouse for the use of the parish of High worth, id the county of Wilts; and for appointing an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the said parish.

irenty three trustecs, besides the prebendary and vicar of Highwqrtb, churchwardens, chapelwardens and oveheers for the time being, d Eliot and Mr. Hufley, Rewards or agents, who may raise i, 6ool.^>y ndi of 50i. each, charged on the poor rates. The matter of the xkhouse to have ad. in the shilling out of the earnings of the poor. e additional overseer to have iool. per ami. salary; to continue in lee till 1790, and then to be chosen annually, and the whole manage sat of the poor veiled in him, and the churchwardens and overseers t to intermeddle, save one of them as treasurer; but the additional nicer may be difmi(ted for misbehaviour, dec. inhabitanu may be wit fles.

CAP. XXX

11$ to amend and enlarge the powers of an act, pa fled in the Jaft fsession of parliament, entitled, An act for repairing the church of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the gates and avenues leading to the said church; and for removing the present watch house, and providing Soother for the use of the said parilb.

Covent

6i2, Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C 3*, 3*. [17i9.

Cdvent Garden church made parochial, is Car. s. C jy. Geo 3, C 8j. recited, whereby the rent of the pewa and rates of 6d. is tfe pound per ann. according to the poor's rate. The trusteestoraife 6ood by annuities payable half yearly A further sum to be raised b ansa, ties of 4000i. (btfides the 6000i. already directed.y Rates may he is Created, but not so as to exceed 6d. in the pound. Provision of foraa aft ektcftded to this. For preventing nutfances io the church ywd Inhabitants deemed witrtefle*. Vaults not to be made under pews, vn tny where else in the church without being arched. To pay the CI pences of this act out of the first money raised.

CAP. XXXI

An act for rebuilding the parish church of Stint Chad, in the town of Shrew (bury and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetry or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and paftages to the church and cemetry.

The roins of the old Church to be taken down, and may be sold, but !b materials of the chancel referred to the lay impropriator, who is to remove the same. The feite of the old church to remain as coofecrated ground, "and the new church to be completed in 5 years. The old church yard to remain as such, and foot ways to be set out acroft tse same. The right of the vicar, and the right of presentation preferad. Pews Slotted to the mayor and corporation of Shrewibury, the vicsr,

- and parish officers, and all other pews to be sold or let, but no uodoe preference prrmitted. Monuments to be taken down at the expense oi proprietor, but mural ones to be placed in the new church, and no burials to be within the same. The rents of the property belonging to the church, and rates for funerals, and pew money, to be applied to the par poses of this act, and the deficiency of the fund to be made up by rates of is. per pound for the first year, and is. 6d. per ann. after, according to the poor's rate, and appeals allowed to be made by the occupiers of houies, icc. (not Quakers) and tenants to pay the same, who not baring a lease for above zi years, or 1 or more lives, may deduct the same out of their rent, but payment of rates not to entitle the party to a settlement in the parish; and in case of loss by insolvency, dec. a new rate may be made to answer the same. Churchwardens and overseers to account with the trnftees, and pay them the balance. Power to raise icvxol. by mortgage of pews and the rates. The securities to be paid off by lot. Divine service to be performed in the churches of St. Mary, St. Alkmond, Julian, and Holy Cross, Shrewibury, till the new church is completed. After that the tithes and lay impropriators and their tenants, to be discharged from repairs, (except of the chancel) and ail ecclesialticftl rights saved. Ground may be purchased for alrafhouses. fifty-one trustees with such powers, and as uluai in acts of this nature. exxension of certain powers of thi6 aft. Public act.

CAP. XXXII

At) act for embanking and draining certain fens and lowlands in the pari ihes of Nofton and Potterhan worth, in the county of Lincoln; and in the parish of Branfton, in the county of the city of Lincoln.

The fens in Nofton and Potterhanworth, 5, Mo acres bounded by t\r river Withara, C The master and governors of the bofoital of Jesus Cbrist, in the city of Lincoln, Anthony Peacock and John Brown, efqrs: See, are the owners. The honourable George Hobart, esq; patron of the vicarage of Nofton, and the King patron of the rectory of potter han worth, and the rev. Peregrine Harrison Curtois clerk, patron of the rectory of Branfton, and also vicar of Nofton, and reftor of fotterban worth and Branfton. Two commissionerg, and if they disagree a third may be chosen. A survey to be taken and roads set out. lommiffioo efs may avoid leases for more than one year, and to direst the coarse of, husbandry under leases, and have power to make exchanges, and to embank

7^9-1 Anno tfcflinio rtdhd gfeo'rgfi III C 33.

4hd dtain the said land and make bridges, but not to obstruct the ref Btanftdfl fen, hor erect banks within»furlongs of Witham, krt. fftay make9staunch in the lower bank of Car dike, and change the Dtsrffe of Ndcton dike drain, and say a tunnel through the bank of brap lottw and may purchase lands, dec; and agreements to be filed with the let's of the peace. Upon fetisfaftion made, the commissionefs may pro eei in the Works, and the engines are vested in them, and they may let be herbage of the banks. The banks subject to Withanh acre tax, but 1 of to be charged whiitt they are overflown. If proprietors of drains eglefl to deanfe them, or to repair the road side, after 14 days notice rom the manager of the works, he may repair the tame, and the predictor to pay the expense, or may be diftramed for the same. Charges f drainage, dec. to be paid by an acre tax of 50s. per acre, in all with ntcrcft till paid. Lands without embankment exempt from taxes. Guardians, CC of same coverts, minors, lunatics, or persons be ond fca, or incapable to act for themselves, tenants in tail or for life >niy (except the vicar of Noeton, and rectors of Potterhanworth and draofton, ) by consent of the commissioners, may borrow any sums not ibove 50s. per acre, for defraying charges, C Tenants in tail, See. nay charge money advanced by them with interest at 5 percent, from: heir deaths. All such charges shall be valid. Commissioners to make vn award, to be enrolled by the derk of the peace. Commissioners cm xjwered to borrow money for embanking, not exceeding io, oool. and may assign over the rates and taxes to pay the same with interest, and to at charged on the lands, C Additional taxes may be raised for drainage by content of proprietors, on notice in church, but not above ios. per acre. Commifii oners may borrow money upon credit oft such additional taxes, but not above three fourth parts of the further rates. Contracts to be entered into on notice. Money may be borrowed by com imflioners, with consent of at least 3 proprietors, if above the io, cool. Persons destroyip£ works guilty of felony. Powers of commissioners to cease upon election of trustees. Commissioners may levy all taxes laid by them before t heir power ceases. Trustees to be chosen for supporting works. Annual taxes not to exceed is. per acre. A further annual tax may be raised by consent of proprietors, not more than 6d. per acre. Power to diltrain for taxes. Commissioners to account. Requiring the trustees to account. Appeal to the sessions. Power to appoint officers by commissioners and trustees or a trustees. To prevent erecting mills and buildings, cz. near engines. This act not to prejudice the works of the Withani.

CAP. XXXIIL

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised

by a lottery.

771, 5621. ios. to be raised by a lottery, consisting of 50, 000 tickets, at 15i. yd. 1-1 each. All persons who have made depolits, purfuantto the refoiution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fuhscriptions at certain times specified, viz. deposit XL 8s yd. !i — — July, i7*9»1. — 4 Sept. a — — Oft. 3i. — 10 Nov. al. — 18 Dec. al. ios. — 15 Jan. 1790, 2!. ios. Contributors of every 15i. 8s. 7d. ia to have a lottery ticket, and prompt payment 3 percent, dif enunt^ 500, 000!. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. The number and value of the fortunate tickets, 1 of 15, 0001. — 1 of 20, 000!. — 1 of io, oool. — 3 of 5, oool. — 5 of

i, oool. — 15 of i^ool. — 30 of 500i. — 100 of iool. — 150 of 50i. — 5, 000 of 15i. — 10, 775 of 10i. x.oool to the first drawn ticket; i, oool. to the last drawn. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 16, 1790. dif pures to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, CC felony and death, and may be committed to Newgate or any other gaol. Offenders (not in prison) di(covering persons guilty, to receive a pafdon, and 50i. reward. Proviso. No attainder to work corruption of blood, lost of dower, or duherifon of heirs. Ma

6?4 Anno vicesimo nono georoiiiii. C 34 — 37.

nayers to be sworn. Cashier to receive the fams fuwcribed before ceiving the lottery book: giving a note for the lame; which hado tide the bearer to a ticket for every 15!. 8a. yd. q. paid. after/ah % 4, 1789, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half a the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the refidtie 4 such funas, after deducing the value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors, not making good their payments within the time boasted, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the manager, kz. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, dec. as they shall think fit. The 500, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, " to be charged on any supplies granted thin section; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on June 5, 1790, etc. Ma, to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificate. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and signed, etc. commifsoam of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. No see to be taken for receiving or paying coo mention moneys, or for any receipts, etc. on penalty of aol. No tickets to oe divided into any other ihares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and fifteenths, on penalty of 50i. Persons counterfeiting Ihares, etc guilty of felony, and to suffer death. General issue. Treble cos.

CAP. XXXIV

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eigb 17- nine.

3, 500, 0001. raised by exchequer bills, issued Jan. 5, 1790.*by the make act, not to be received again, or exchanged before April 6, 1700; to be paid out of the next supplies. Deficiency charged on the conuhidatory turns, to be replaced out of the tirft supplies.

CAP. XXXV

An act for raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer befls, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

Commissioners of the treasury may raises, poo, oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1790, as by the malt a of this session, and the former act, out of the supplies, and charged on the consolidated fund.

CAP. XXXVI

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of prote&ant purphafers. — Time enlarged to Sept.9, 1789.

CAP. XXXVII

'An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities.

187, 000!. to be raised by annuities. Every contributor of iool. to be entitled to an annuity of 7i. 98. od. for 18 years 3 quarters, from April 5, 1789, payable out of the conlolidated fund half yearly. Contributor! who have made deposits of 10 percent, at the bank may pay the remainder of their subscriptions in the manner herein specified. By si Aug. 1789, percent. 15i. —5 Sept. 15i. — 30 Oft. 15i. —7 Nov. 15i — 44 Dec. 15i.- — 19 Jan. 1790. 15i. Contributors to be allowed disemmt of 3 percent, for subscriptions paid in advance. Annuities of 7i. 91. 9d. per ann. to be payable half yearly; the first payment to be on Oft. xo, 1789. Annuities payable and transferable at the bank. Cafliierto give receipts for money received, which shall be assignable prior to Sept. 19, 1789. Treasury may apply the money subscribed. A book to be provided in the accountant general's office for entering contributors names, etc. Contributors duly paying their subscriptions, to be entitled to their annuities free of all taxes. Subscriptions paid in part, and opt

coni

V

1, 789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 38, 39.

completed, to be forfeited. As footi as subscriptions are completed, they mar be afiigned. Annuities to be payable out of the consolidated fund The bank to appoint a cashier and accountant general. Treasury to wider money for payment of annuities, to be issued to chief cashier; Who ia to render accounts according to the course of the exchequer. accountant general to examine the chief cashier's vouchers. Annuities to .be deemed personal estates. accountant general to keep books for regfftering transfer of subscriptions. Annuities granted by this act to be a joint dock with the annuities granted by two acts of the 18th Oeo. 3. C at. and 19th Geo. 3. C 18. Annuities may be devised. No damp duties to be charged on transfers. Treasury to defray out of contributions the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. The bank to continue a corporation till annuities hereby granted Jhali cease. Guardians may subscribe for infants. No see to be taken for receiving contributions, or paying or transferring annuities, on penalty of aol.; nor for any receipts concerning subscription moneys. An account of fuma received by instalments, on account of secret service money, or for interest, to be laid annually before parliament. General ifluc. Treble eofts.

CAP. XXXVIII

An act for opening a new dreet from Fleet Street to Temple Street, in tbc city of London, and also a public passage from such new dreet towards Water Lane; and for dopping up or altering certain courts, alleys, of pastages, and setting out others near to or communicating with such pew dreet and paflage

Twentyelght trustees appointed to hold meetings. Trustees to open the new dreet and passage; from Fleetdreet, at James hamner's house, in a direct line, not above 17 yards wide, to communicate with Temple Street, at White Friars new wharf, the property of the Ear) of Radnor, and the passage to be 7 yards wide, and to communicate with George Yard*which leads into Water Lane, in a line parallel with Temple Street; and to take down buildings and use land belonging to Lord Radnor, and contract for purchase of buildings and land of other perfgm. Corporations; etc. enabled to sell buildings and land for the purposes of thii act, with the usual clauses in regard to purchases. Where part only of the (bite of any building is wanted, the whole may be purchased. No property to be taken without consent of owner, unless notice be given before 31 Dec. 1790. The trustees, or lord mayor and aldermen of London, may setup posts at the end of Temple Lane, and Lombard Street, and also at the end of Essex Street and Silver Street; so as to prevent the passage of carriages, and make them commodious for foot passengers; with consent in writing of owners of houses, to be kept amongst he records of the city. Essex Court, Great and Little Aflien Tree Court, 6 be fl°pp*d up as public passages, and new ones to be opened and rested in the Earl of Radnor, by direction of the trustees in writing, to e kept amongst the records of the city, as aforefa'd. Persona aggrieved nay appeal to the quarter feflims. Limitation of actions. General sue. Treble costs. Public act.

CAP. XXXIX

An to explain, amend, and render more effectual several als made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancaster in the coaiitty palatiae of Lancaster; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

4 Geo. 1. C L & Geo. 3. for improving the navigation of the river oytie, etc. recited. Commissioners have borrowed 6, 00c!, and expend <2 the same. Money borrowed infuflicient to complete the works, a

further

t

, 6*5

(

Anno vicesimo none Georgii III c.40. [1789*1

further fom has been appropriated to building the pier or roo*e, aa making the wet dock at Glafiori, and other improvements; 1, 560! an hath been expended, and other Turns are skill necessary, and fighthokn are to be erected. Present rates infofccient. Former acts (excrjlw where akeredby this to continue in force. Additional tonnage dnbsl on all ships, vessels, barks or ligliters, coming into or going oat of tfcl said river Loyne, between Lancaftrr Old Bridge, and the Perch at Cocken Sand Abby, (except the king's ships, or those driven m by ftvhs i 1 weather, and not lading or unlading within the said part, or lata I with coal or other fuel only.) be Tides the former rate; to pay acconfag 1 to the schedule to this act, viz. For ships to or from any place in Europe. I within the Streigbts, or Mediterranean sea, Africa, America, or Grees I land, per tonne, 6d. Trading to any foreign place rn rope (esetft Ireland, Isle of Man, and the Straights, or Mediterranean sea)) to, I 4d. Trading to any place in Great Britain, south of Holyhead, sad north of the Mull of Galway, per tonne, jd. Trading to Ireland or the Isle of Man, per tonne, ad. Trading to any place north of holy head, and south of Mull of Galway, per tpn, vd. And coming nits Loyne in ballad, and not lading nr unlading in the port, toptyoee fourth of the said rates. Duties to be collected by the same periaai, and with the same powers, as duties payable by former act. Duties may be assigned for moneys borrowed. Rate and duties to be rt applied in paying off 1, 5001. to be borrowed under this acts, and the re terest. When the said 1, 5001. is paid with all interest, and the former debt reduced to 4000i. then the duties by this act to cease. ugte housea to be erected in such part of Lancaster Bay as the cocsfnifiioben shall think proper. Light duties establishrd for all ships navigatingw Dancaster Bay, by or between the south end of Walney Island, and de northwest part of Roflal Point, »hereon a landmark it now erected, or into or out of the river Duddon, or shall load or unload in any port, etc. in the Bay of Lancaster, (except the King ships, and those ioaden vrtft coals or fuel only, and those trading in the port of Lancaster, and hare paid the duties there, ) to pay 3d. per tonne once in every year, and ships driven in by stress of weather, and not loading or unloading to pay id. per tonne. For recovering the light duties, no ship to be cleared out ba those duties are paid. Penalties on evading the light duties, 5i. be&dti duties and double costs, to be recovered by action. If lighthodiei sic discontinued the duties to cease. Application of the lightdutie* directed, to sustain the lights. Lights to be kept up constantly from fos setting to fun rising. Clerks, collectors, and other officers, to he appointed. Books of accounts to be kept. Mooring and bauafting of ships regulated by the dockmaster, and also ship in the dock. Sails os vessels to be taken down before they enter the dock gates. Port o! L caster to be clean fed and scoured, and the entrance from the sea kept clear and open. Quay, wharf, mole, and land mark, vested in the trustees under the act 13 Geo. 1. Persons destroying the works guilty of felony, and liable to transportation. Persons damaging ships, etc. to for feit 5i. Commissioners may make bylaws, but not to be in force 1$ directed to be carried into execution by the court of quarter sessions of the county. Fier at Glafion deemed a legal quay. Rights of the corporation of Lancaster preferred. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered and applied as by 13 Geo. 1. Fines, etc. tnay be recovered before the mayor and jufliecs of Lancaster, or before justices for the county of Lancalfer. Limitation of actions. Act to be construed beneficial, yr the works, and deemed public.

CAP. XL

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themfclwi for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices ofthepesce, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualificatioes within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole adxniffion*h*ve been omitted to he

damped

9*3 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 41.

ttaamped according to law, or, having been damped, have been lost qr ill lid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly lamp w t give further time to such persons at have omitted to make and "affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and fitors, or to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of apprentices, or servants; and for indemnifying deputy lieute ts and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit de itioos of their qualifications to the derk9 of the peace within the limited by law and for giving further time for that purpose.

Aliens who have omitted to qualify themselves agreeable to act i Geo.

ft. ac. 13. see Oaths. Act 13 Car. a. ft. 1. C 1. see Corporations. ic as Car. 1. C 2. see Service and Sacraments. Act 30 Car. 2. ft. a.

X f. 6. see Papists. Act 8. Geo. 1. C 6. see Quakers. Act9Geo. 1..

a 6- see Oaths. Act 18 Geo. a. C ». see Justices or the peace. act6gco.

. C s3 see Oaths, before the patting of this act; and who shall, on orfqre Dec. 45, 1789, qualify themselves, thill be indemnified against for dtures, but not to indemnify persons for any penalty incurred by neg ccting to qualify himself, nor to exempt justices acting without legal raalincation. Persons producing appointments and admittions before free. 35, 1789, shall be confirmed, and qualified to act as clerk, officer,

r member of corporations, or boroughs, may enjoy all offices into which bey have been elected; and shall be indemnified from all penalties and iamages incurred by reason of omissions. Not to extend to restore persons to any office avoided by judgement. Persons who shall cause affi davits to be filed before Michaelmas term, £789, are indemnified and iifeharged from penalties. Persons who shall, before Dec. 15, 1789, pay double duties, may have indentures stamped, for which the duties have been omitted to be paid, which indentures shall be valid; and the perfous who have incurred any penalty shall be acquitted thereof, except where prosecutions are depending. Notice of this clause to be published in the Gazette. 26 Geo. C 107. recited. Deputy lieutenants, etc. who shall, before Sept. 1, 1789, deliver in the qualifications required by the recited act, shall be indemnified. Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the general ittue.

CAP. XLI

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by way 6f annuities, to be attended with the benefit of fui vivor/hip, in clattes.

1, ooi.yool. to be raised by annuities, with the benefit of fiirvivorship. Contributors to be at liberty, till Oct. 10, 1790, to name a life for every iool. 53. which will entitle to an annuity, with survivorffiip, in clattes. Five particular clattes, ift. Persons under 20 years old at the time of nomination, to have 4i. 3s. 2nd. Above ao and under 30, 4b 58. 6d. 3d. Above 30 and under 40, 4i. 8s. 6d. 4th. Above 40 and under 50, 4i. 133 6d. 5th. Above 50 and under 60, 5i. is. d. Annuities to be paid half yearly; the first payment on April 5, 1791. Annuities falling in by death to be divided among the survivors in the class, till the annuity for one share shall amount to 1000i. per ann. Contributors who have made deposits, to complete their subscriptions at the times mentioned. At the time of fuhscribing, iol. 5s. — 11 Aug. 1789, 15i. — 15 Sept. 15*. — 30 Oft. ijl, — 17 Nov. 15i. — idee. 15i. — 19 Jan. 1790, 15i. Cashier to give receipts for subscriptions, which shall be assignable till Jan. 19, 1790. Cashier to give security, etc. Treasury to reward all persons employed in the execution of this act. Treasury may apply the money subscribed towards the services voted for the present year. Contributors to be allowed interest on subscriptions, at the rate of 4\. pey cent, till Oft. io, 1790, and to be allowed interest for fnbfcrip tions paid in advance. Subfcripfions paid in part, and not completed, to be forfeited. After subscriptions are completed, certificates to be granted, oh application, prior to Get. 10, 1790, to the cashier, which shall' be assignable. Counterpart' of cheques ef certificates to be transmitted

to

17

6t8

Anno vicesimo nono gtoroll HI. G. 41.

to the auditor of the exchequer. Contributor to deliver certi: the auditor by Oct. 10, 1790, to be exchanged for order, ad on back of the certificates to deferibe the nominees, on pr n a < t V '.r rorfr/ t of subscriptions. Persons may be admitted to subscribe* u the room such as have forfeited part of their fubferiptioru by not having co pleted them. Annuities of contributors who have p?.rd their to!) A' icriptions, but shall not have named their nominee j by Oct. io, : to be divided among the annuitants of the clafo. To which fcch for feited annuities shall belong, to be determined by drawing loto tributore delivering certificates to the auditor, and appoint nominee, t be entitled to interest, from July 5, 1789, 'to Oct. 10, 1700- Any pnifci may be a contributor for as many certificates as he shall think pr.^rr Oraers arc to be made out for'the payment of annuities feparatirlr, »contain the name, furuame, additions, and places of abode, of ffce C'tributorsor proprietors, and their nominees, and the reputed paren such nominees, and the true ages and other apt cleicriptions of luc nominees, and the particular class in which placed, and the annuity whereto entitled, and to be entered with the auditor, and clerk of pells. The order to be effectual, and not determiued by the death o removal of any commissioner of the treasury. The names of nominee' may be changed till Oct. 10, 1790. Guardians may subscribe for in (ants None but resident natives of Great Britain to be nominees of nanver Affidavit to be made of the age, etc. of the nominee, if upwards of: years, upon delivery of certificates to the auditor; which affidavit? znd certificates arc to be filed by the auditor, as his warrant for making ou: orders for annuities: or copies of the register of the birth of the near nee, certified by the minister and churchwardens and overseers, or twj j other principal inhabitants, aforesaid, by two credible witnefies, on oath of one, to be produced as a warrant to the auditor for the like purpcit. No see or stamp duty to be paid for registers, oaths, or certificate, in Great Britain. Regulation! reflecting the certificates of nominee re fnlent in foreign parts. A certificate to be produced to the auditor, containing the name, surname, addition, and place of abode of the nominee, and the age, and other descriptions to ascertain such nominee, under the hand of the governor or deputy governor of the fettlemeut, where such nominee lives at the time; and if resident in any kingdom in Europe, under the dominion of any prince in amity with hi Mucky, then such contributors or their agents to produce such certificate under the hand of the British minister, resident in the place where such nominee lives; or if such nominee lives in any other part beyond the seat, where no British governor or minister shall be resident, such contributors to annex to every certificate an affidavit or affirmation, made before a tnron of the exchequer at Westminster, of the truth ot such certificate, which being filed, to be a sufficient warrant to make out the order, ar j delivering the same to such contributor, and no see or stamp duty for the same. Persons guilty of perjury to be transported. If certificates are delivered to the auditor with fa!f« indorsemtnts of the age of nominees, subscriptions to be forfeited. Orders for annuities to be made out in five clafies, as before mentioned. Nominee of the age of to, or upwards, may be placed in the first class. Annuities falling in by death to be divided among the survivors in the dass till each receives jcocl. per share. Books to be kept in the offices of the auditor and clerk of the pells, for entering the names of annuitants. Money Jog payment nt annuities to be applied out of the consolidated fund. Annuitiesany be assigned. Certificates of the minister and churchwardens, of the life of nominees resident in Great Britain, or oath of the fact, to be produced j on application for annuities. > No see or lamp duty to be paid for such certificates or oaths, which arc to be filed by the auditor. Certificate 1 of the lives of nominees resident in Ireland, or foreign parts, are jo see Touched under the hand of a baron of the exchequer there, Upoa proof I to him on oath, in a summary way, of the nominee's being tmqgfind if the nominee be resident beyond the seas in the king's^dqg\q^ns^ by

certificate from the governor of the settlement, 0/ jujt

[ 7&9o Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 42, 43.

mmmlian be living at the time when each half yearly annuity Mltfccof five; and in case of residence in any part of Europe in amity mfihwd! to produce a certificate under the hand of the British mini mmft She manner, and no see to be taken; and if resident where no iht^fovernor or minister, a certificate under the hand of the chief fiulfthtt lltest, in like manner. Every person producing a certificate blrfmtym^nt of an annuity, to annex thereto an affidavit, made before a idran of the exchequer. Nominees applying for annuities, may be re [flhtd to prove their identity upon oath. Certificates, etc. to be filed nr the auditor, for which no fee shall be taken or stamp duty paid. hmbfts receiving annuities after the death of nominees, to forfeit the Mte; m.d. cool. Contributors to certify the deaths of nominees to the radltor; wftbih a month after knowing of such deaths, etc. on penalty etc. Annuities to be free from taxes, and deemed personal estate. [f'fidihhties are'not demanded until within 40 days before two years haff have become dne; and if no certificate of the lives of the nominees ftfapl be produced, such annuities td be divided among the survivora of thedsfs, until Each certificate be produced, etc. An account to be made »f?!ftflf year1y of the nominees who have died, and of the persons who inm not demanded annuities for % years. On oath being made that itlhineci.vhofe certificates have not been procured, are abroad, and ma there is reason to believe such certificates may be obtained in a rcftfoohble time, and on certificate from a baron of the exchequer, that t probable the nominees were living, the auditor to set apart the

umfttitkt on such lives, and pay them on the production of certificates MB limited time, etc. Treasury may direct ntw orders to he made out mufeu of such as may be lost, etc. Persons fcrging or altering registers, mb. or personating the proprietor of any order, or any nominee, to suffer ififitti as felons. Treasury to print and publish on May o, 179), and so rafllfy, a list of the nominees, etc. to be distributed among the persons nttttra to annuities. Officers of the exchequer taking fees to forfeit sol. HU mtikpplying money, to be incapacitated, etc. Officers paying annui tstompon forced certificates, unknowingly, not to incur any penalty. Oft ftcpoqb brought for anything done in pursuance of this act, general hrftnily be pleacted, and special matter given in evidence, and if a verdict'for the defendant or the plaintiff difcoqtinue, or be nonsuited, or judgement agafnft him, the defendant to have treble costs.

; avj XLII

Ah' act for applying' the Yufn cf ohd thousand pounds out of the unex whfted balance or furplui'ahftrig frohv the forfeited estates in North ftmha, towafts cotfcpletfng hnd fittifhipg the bridge over the Pees or 'frdtdf Oockbffriifjpath, in the coufaty of Berwick.

a€kv7 Ge. 3. for repairing the roata from Berwick upon Tweed to owebomfpafh' tower, recited Great progress made. Road from Berwick to Dongias bridge, the ptift road along the seacoast. Making ikhroad and building the bridge otfcr the Pals of the Pees been attended great difficulty fchd experite. Ad 14 Geo. 3. for the forfeited tfctta of Scotland rb'be putunder trustecs, recited. After the appli cabbwf directed, a batance remains unapplied. Finishing the bridge is a w&ffc of utility. Barons of Exchequer i in powered to dtred the nun of rttol €0 be paid out of the bktanqe to the trustecs of the road.

1

^; CAP. XLIII

jtoad for altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the their t , fteotb year of the reign of hi*present Majesty, entitled, An act for deepening, deansing, and makiqg more commodious, the harbours of.; fie town of Greenock; for Supplying the inhabkants with fresh and t.£okfome water; and for paving, deansing, lighting, and watching fse facets and other public places within the said tpwn.

vols XXXVI Tt 13 Geo. 3.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 44, 45. f 1789,

13 Geo. 3. C a8. mentioned in the title, recited. Rate granted 6? former ait to cease, and others to be levied in lien, beside theferacr duties. All stops, vessels, barks, ligliters, and boats, coming or gio*

ing out of the port of Greenock, to pay rd. 3q. per tonne coming iiiywd the like on going out. Ships, cof Great Britain, Ireland, or the Britiili plantations, coming from any other part of Great Britain or Ireland, to pay id. per tonne inwards and outwards; and foreign ships, C coming from foreign parts, to pay 3d. aq, per tonne inwards, and also outwards: and all foreign ships, etc. coming from other part of Great Britain or Ireland, to pay id. per tonne, inwards and outwards. V'tfpds loaded with coals for the use of the town exempted. Matter of veisfeb not exceeding 30 nor less than 15 tonnes, may compound. Persons fullering goods to remain on the quays above forty-eight hoars, to pay wharfage. Kates to continue until trustees have raised a further fan of aoool. and then rates to cease. Magi ft rates directed to act in extorting the act, and declaring it to be public.

CAP. XLIV

An act for paving the footways of the several streets, public paf&get, and places, within the town of Chelmsford, and hamlet of mcnikbta, in the parish of Chelmsford, in the county of eftex; and for cleaning, lighting, and watching the said town and hamlet; and for removing and preventing nuifancet, annoyances, and incroachmenta therein.

The footways to be paved, etc. and the usual clauses inserted for that purpose. Stallions not to be shown in the street. Rates not more than is. per pound on rents, according to the poor's rate, one fourth by the landlord, and the other by the tenant. Gaols and other public m»h ings to pay 6d.peryard per ann. Lands, tythei and empty houses, exempt from rates, and all houles beyond Elizabeth blencowc's, the end of New Street, the Anchor in mouuham, and beyond William john's hotrfein Baddow Lane, not to be charged with rates. To raise i, ioot. by inanities for life, at 10 percent, on security of rates by argument, as nen, tioned. None to bathe in the river near the public roads on penatty of 58. each offence. Not to diminish the sight of the lords of the manors of Chelmsford and Moulfham.

CAP. XLV

An act for amending and continuing, for a limited time an act made in the la ft session of parliament, entitled, An act for discontinuisg, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wises and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in j lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of britiftt tnade spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty fixlhjtir of the reign of his present Majesty "discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wine and spiritx forborn consumption; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited (uncertain imp oft a and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the Wet Indies; " and to revive and continue the said latt mentioned act.

a8 Geo. 3. C 46. in the title mentioned, and part ofclaufeda, andetariet 63, 64, and 6s, recited, and repealed. Permits to be allowed reftifim at the rate of 141 gallons for every 100 gallons of raw British spirits. Officers to take an account of the stock of rectifiers, in the manner herein specified; and if any excess in the quantity be found, ft may befrited.

If reftifiers sell spirits of a greater strength than one in six under hydrometer proof, they may be seized, with the veflfele, dec. If any put of the allowance granted by thin aft shall appear not to have been ufedtitshall be Ukeu from the reftitier's credit, 2$ Geo. 3. C 4d. ciatlfes 79 and

- -*Q, rc

1789^ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 4 ij

incited, and repealed. Duties imposed by 17 Geo. 3. C 13. on wash spfcdc in eogl^od for ex trading spirita for home consumption, to be con llw.to.jtt|jr; 5j 1790. a6 Geo. 3. C 73* except where repugnant to 9$jgeo. 3. C 46. and the latter ad, except such parts as arc hereby re p$tfed> to be revived, and continued till July 5, 1790.

r; CAP XLVI

jkaftfor preventing the wilfully burning or dejlroying/hips, and the Wilfully and maliciously dejlroying any woollen, Jilt, linen, or cotton goods, or any implements prepared for or used in the manufacture thereof, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland

WHEREAS doubts have arisen, whether an act, made in the Preamble;

fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, for inflicting the puniftunent of death on such as shall wilfully 4 Geo. r. burn or destroy ships; and another act, made in the eleventh year of cia

Kcign cf his said majesty King George the Firjiy for explaining n Geo. X mending the same; and an act, modem the twenty jccor.dyear C9 ipresent Majesty, for punching persons wiifully and malici aa Geo. 3. ouffly destroy in g any woollen, (ilk, linen, or cotton goods, or C 40,

?y implements prepared for or used in the manufacture thereof,

(Ktend to that part pfgrtat Britain called Scotland, or in what mapner, and to what extent, persons guilty of the said crimes may be ioxvifted and punished there; may it therefore please yooir Majesty to it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the king's mot qjcellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the ks fpimual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if After Sept. rf ariv owner of, or captain, mailer, officer, or mariner belonging I7g9* any io iny ship or veitel shall, after the first day of September in the ^ftro^ingany year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, wilfully cast veitel, with away, burn, or otherwise destroy, the ship or vessel of which he is intent to deowner, or to which he belongeth, or in any wise direeft or procureiaud u" der the same to be done, with intent or design to prejudice any per bdngc*

(on or persons that hath or shall underwrite any policy or poli thereof con

Sof insurance thereon, or of any merchant or merchants that videdinscot joad goods therein, or of any owner or owners of such ship land to suffer or vessel, the perfop or persons offending therein, being thereof dcat*lawfully convicted before any court competent to the trial of^crimes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall suffer death, as in other cases of capital crimes.

IX And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any as alfoper petfon or persons shall, after the first day of September in the year fone entering oni thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, by day or by night, a^house break into any house or (hop, or enter by force into any house with an in or (hop, with intent to cut or destroy any serge or other woollen tenttodeftrojr goods in the loom, or any tools emplctyed m making thereof, an^w°ollin or (Jiall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any such serges j^om8 C or wroollen goods in the loom or on the rack, or shall burn, cut, 'or destroy any rack on which any such serges or other woollen goods are hanged in order to dry, or shall wilfully and maliciously' break or destroy any tools used in the making any such serges or other woollen goods, not having the consent of the

TT 2 owner

n

'i -. - r'.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 47. 11789.

owner To to do, every such offender, being thereof lawfully eoor vicied, in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandi bewe rte court of justiciary, or any circuit court, shall suffer death, afa, other cases of capital crimes.

III And be it further enabled by the authority afbreiaki, and Likewise That if any person or persons shall, after the first day of srptem ^nterin01" er onc t^ou^an<^ ^cvcn hundred and eighty nine, by day or by intotny night, break into any house or (hop, or enter by force into any house with house or (hop, with intent to cut or deffroy any velvet, wrought an intent to fllk9 or silk mixed with any other materials, or other silk maou veliet^&c^in ^a<^urc n l^c l°om>or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or uten the loom n or shah wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any velvet, etc.; 9wrought (ilk, or silk mixed with any other materials, or other

silk manufacture in the loom, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or utensils prepared or employed in or for the making thereof, or shall wilfully or maliciously break or deffroy any tools, tackle, or utensils used in or for the weaving or maktogef any such velvet, wrought silks, or fiiks mixed with any other materials, or other (ilk goods, or silk manufacture, not h*vng the consent of the owner foto do, every such offender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, in that part of Grmt Britain called Scotland, shall suffer death, as in other cases of capital crimes.

IV And be it further cnafled by the authority aforesaid,

and also per That if any person or persons shall, by day or by night, after f°n0 f? 5ntrr' the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eigfity infentto de n*nc* ^>rca*c intoany house or (hop, or enter by force into any house stroy any LI or (hop, with intent to cut and.deffroy any linen or cotton pr pen or cotton linen and cotton mixed with any other materials, or other iioen in the loom. 0r cotton manufactures in the loom, or any warp or (hute, took, clc* tackle, or utensils, or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or deffnir

any linen or cotton, or linen or cotton mixed with any other materials, or other linen and cotton manufacture, in the Jooa, or any warp or (hute, tools, tackle, and utensils prepared for or employed in the making thereof, or shall wilfully and qaalid oufly break and deffroy any tools, tackle, or utensils uted m or for the carding, spinning, weaving, preparing, 'or making, in any way whatever, any such linen or cotton, or linen or com mixed with any other materials, or other linen and cotton'gopds, or linen and cotton manufactures whatsoever, not having die consent of the owner foto do, every such offender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, in that part of Green Beiak1 called Scotland, shall suffer death as in other cases of ca^rtai crimes. '

CAP. XLVII

An act for providing an additional burial ground for the parishef Sent James, Westminster, and erecting a chapel adjoining thereto, anda house for the reftdence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

Burial ground of the parish of Saint James, Westminster, is not firfs ciently large, have agreed with Charles lord Southampton for ground in the parish of Saint Pancras. The ground containing 4 acres, part of - the

' gqogle

*7*9-3 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 48.

C bride field belonging to lord Southampton, lying eaftwarti of, and

ld)iimiqg to, the turnpike road, from Tottenham Court Road towards mmjm6a4> 4*0 yards from Islington turnpike road. trustee appoint a, Tpc reftor, and senior churchwarden of Saint Jamet, the trustcea F tile reboot and chapel, in King Street, near Golden Square. Trustees iso appoint treasurerand clerk, etc. and take security from their treasurer, land tocause the ground to he enclosed with a brick wall ten feet high, and to erect a chapel and house, etc. for residences of the clergy roan and*clerk and sexton. A pew and vault to be made for lord Southampton, fete.; and a pew for the minister. The ground to be exempt from taxes to Smut Pancras parish. Annual iumt to be paid to lord Southampton, 'and others, looi. per ann. rent. To the senior churchwarden of pan cras si. 108, to the appropriator, ie. sd. for tithes, to the vicar of Pancras, XL 18. to be paid quarterly. Pariftiioner* of Saint Pancras not to be churched or christened in the new chape), without consent of the 'vtear; and additional fees to be paid for burial of parishioners of Saint Pancras in the new burial ground, and to be accounted for to the vicar, afic. Fees, See. laved to the reftor ani churchwardens of Saint James. Th? rest of the pews to be let by the trustees. Burial fees to the churchwardens to be paid to the trustees, and the application of the same, and the rents of the pews, directed. Power to borrow money at interest, and to ttflign the rents of the pews as a security, which may be transferred. Burial ground and chapel to be confccrated* and ministers, clerks, and fextons, to be nominated by the reftor of the parish of Saint James. If anything alleged by the trustees again ft ministers, others t6 be nominated. Overplus money to be applied in educating poor children. Proceedings of trustees to be entered in a book. Expenses of to be paid out of the first money received. Public act.

CAP. XLVIII

An ak for constituting the church of Saint Giles, in the parish of ponte hast, in the county of York, the parish church; and for other purposes.

The church of All Saints tn Pontefract, called The Old Church, being in astate of absolute ruin. Saint giles's church hath been used as the parish church, and repaired by an assessment on the whole parish, and is now in want of considerable repairs, and a doubt hath arisen who are liable to repair the same; and the parishioners being unable to rebuild the old church, Saint giles's to be the parish church. That Edwin Lafcellcs «fb; the patron, the reftor, and the vicar of the parish to be the patron, rector, and vicar of Saint giles's. The old church yard to continue the burial ground, and part of the old church to be fitted up for performing the burial service, to be paid by the inhabitants of Knottingley, in lieu Of church rates, tool, by instalments before a 5 of March, 1793, and nl. sos. per ann. for ever. Power to recover arrears of church rates, and to rotate Saint giles's church, and to take down the steeple, and erect a new one. xoool. to be raised by granting of annuities, which may be aliened. The present vicarage nouse, and certain glebe lands, about 7 acres in the parish of Darrington, and a small parcel in High Bailygate, may be sold with consent of the Archbishop of York, John Persect, esq; god Christopher Mann Torre, M. D. Money arising by sale of the vicarage house and glebe, to be applied in purchasing a new vicarage house. jbfyins nay be published and matrimony solemnised, in Knottingley chip!. Fees. For banns, 3 times, is. to the rainifter. For marriage by banns, to the minister, as. 6d.; to the clerk, is. Marriage by licepee, to the minister, 5s.; to the clerk, as. 6d.; and also to the vicar, clerk, and sexton of the, parish, the ancient sees, viz. For banns, 3 times, is. For imuliagfe by banns, the vicar, as. 6d.; the clerk, is. 3d.; sexton, 6d. Mahiage by licence, vicar, 10s.; clerk, as. 6d.; sexton, is. Inhabitants: tf&nottt0gley to support the chapel, C Public act.

T t 3 CAP.

ic J 4 V*ij,

624 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. C 49.

CAP. XLIX |

An act for granting to his Majesty several additional rata and dsefir. upon horses and carriages with four wheels; and far explaudsg and amending an act passed in the twenty-fifth jear of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or thru vjkeeh, therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TT7E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have refbtved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional rates and % duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbfy beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ezxaded by the King'^ most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of From July the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thou fow?ne^fddi anc even hundred and eighty nine, the several additional tionai annual duties herein after mentioned shall be charged, raised levied, dutiei to be and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughoar paid; viz ihe kingdom of Great Britain \ that is to say.

Where two horses are kept for riding, or for drawing any coach, C 5s. for one of them;

where three, four, or five are kept, 78. 6d. for each exceeding one;

and where six or more are kept, ios. for each exceeding one.

That every person who shall keep and use two horses, marts, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calaflt, chaise, or any other carriage, for or in respect whereof any rate or duty heretofore under the management of the commissionen of excise, and now transferred to and under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, is payable, by whatsoever name such carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with an additional annual duty of five Shillings for one of such horses, mares, or geldiogs: That every person who shall keep and use three, four, or five horses, mares, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or drawing any such coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaifc, or any other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name or names such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with, an additional annual duty of seven Shillings and sixpence for each such horse, at are, or gelding, exceeding the number of one:

That every person who shall keep and use six or more horses, mares, or geldings, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any such coach, beriin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaise, or other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name or names such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with and pay an additional annual duty of ten Shillings for each such horse, ofere, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.

1789*] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 49. 625

That every person who shall keep one coach, Berlin, landau, Where one chariot, calash, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, or cara coach, or vin, for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire, other than and except such carriages as are already licensed, or hereafter wheel?, is ritey by law be licensed by his majesty's commissioners for ma kept, hack ageing the duties on hackney coaches, shall be charged with ncy coaches and pay an additional yearly sum of twenty Shillings, in refpedfc excepted)aos. of such one coach or carriage as aforesaid:

That every person who shall keep two coaches, Berlins, Where two landaus, chariots, calasties, chaise marines, chaifcs^with four kepv, Vo*, wheels, or carayans, or two of any such carriages, for his or her for one, 'and*own use, or to be let out to hire, other than and except such 40s. for the carriages as are already licensed, or hereafter may by law be other; licensed by his majesty's commissioners for managing the duties Oh hackney coaches, shall be charged with an additional annual ifaty'of twenty Shillings for one of such carriages, and an addi tlbnal yearly sum of two pounds for every other of such carriages:

That every person who shall keep three or more coaches, and where berlins, landaus, chariots, calashes, chaise marines, chaises with three or more four wheels, or carayans, or three or more of any such car one*amt' rlages, for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire, other 3i. fort'ach of tslan and except such as are already licensed, or hereafter may the others, fey law be licensed by the commissioners for managing the duties on hackney coaches, shall be charged with and pay an act ditional yearly sum of twenty Shillings for one of such carriages, artd an additional yearly sum of three pounds for every other of such carriages.

II Provided always nevertheless, and it is the true intent and meaning of this act, That the said several yearly Turns Duties to be Rfcreby respectively charged upon horses and carriages as afore paid in addi jkid, shall be paid over and above, and in addition to any for £*°formcr iher duties charged upon horses and carriages, and now placed9ttftder the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes: provided also, That no duty shall be imposed aflefied, or but not to ex fivied by virtue of this act, for or in respectof any horse, mare, tempted C of gelding, not liable to the duty imposed on hoifes, mares, from £uty by ttrfd geldings, by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the 44 Geo. 3.

of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his 3** or any Majesty certain duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding; and^le<lucnt 0n horses used in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty if excise is made payable; but that every horse, mare, or gelding, exempted therefrom, either by the said actor any Jbbfcquent act relating thereto, shall also be exempted from the jwtditional duties by this at imposed; thing herein before Contained to the contrary notwithstanding

**And whereas doubts have arisen on whom the duties imposed tb the said afi of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present afajefyshould be chargeable in respect of horses let out by the year, monthy or other period, for the purpose of drawing any coach, ierlin> landau chariot, calash, chaise or any qtber carriage herein

T 14 before

626 Arnio vicpftmo nono Gbqrgii HI ct>4$p rft&'l1

Duties im before enumerated, be it enacted, That in every such ssife<tbr I'

pofedby fai<) duties, together with thofie imposed by virtue rpf 1 i

andm^tbit be deemed an taken to be chargeable on, and paki bytbe I

aa, on horses p*rf°n or persons respectively by whom such borfeaihalj behind I let out Hythe and used '

yearfordraw IV Provided also, and be it further enacted by the sturhrity I ing coaches, aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained shall extend or hie 1 by the hhers! con^rucd to extend, to charge with the said additions! rates or 1 Additional*duties on carriages by this act imposed, any coach, berlin, ha duties not to dau, chafiot, calalh, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels or extend to caravan, let to hire for the purpose of travelling pod for a day, carriage? let or any left period of time, or by the mile, or from ftageto fcage, by any peftmaster, innkeeper, or other person duly licensed to prrfon LI Y let post horses by the said commissioners for managing the do cenfeff to let ties charged on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, and post horses. whereon the name and place of abode of the person io ikeafed shall be marked or painted, according to the directtoos of the act in that case made and provided $ anything herdn«bd»e co tained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V And whereas; by the said act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of hit present Majesty, it was enabled and provided That every person exerctftng the trade and business of an Jborfe dealer m.d.. who Should take cut a licence to use and extreife the find trade and business, (to be granted by any two or more of the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum parchment ani paper, or same person duly authorised by them)*should be exempted from the dmtia granted by the said aq in respect of any borfe* mare, or gelding fc longing to and kept for sale and not for hire in the fables of Jntb dealer in horses licensed in pursuance of that alt: end whereas tie said commissioners of the fiamp duties are not prohibited by the food ad from granting licences to any person or persons applying for the same although such person or persons may not actually exercise the trade and business of an borfe dealer within the intent and meaning of the find be it therefore further enacted by the authority a&re&id, From July 5, That from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand i 1789, no LI seven hundred and eighty nine, it shall not be lawful for theftfd £ranted°to commissioners, or for any person authorised by them, to gramme exercise the any licence or licences to any person or persons whatsoever, to business of a use and exercise the trade and business of an horse dealer, unkft horse dealer such person shall produce to the said commissioners, or the per produdioit f on authorised by them, a declaration in writing, signed by him a declaration or respectively, that he or they doth or do seek his or their as herein living by buying and selling of horses, and shall, in the said de mentioned. claration, set forth the particular place and places where fudi trade and business is to be exercised and carried on; and every licence granted, or to be granted, to any person or persons other than to such as shall feck hrs or their living by buying and fetfing horses, shall be wholly void and of no efsect; anything in the T. said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.,

ers keep born ^urther enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

fes for riding if the several persons to be appointed assessors under the audio

rity

: ^§9^]] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. C 49. 627

rityix>£the ftritf'several acts, orany of them, (Haft, Upon due ex 0r drawing, aadaatiun, 'find that any person to whom a licence to exerciseand neglect to ihsitiwdetaad fcofinefs of an horse dealer hath been granted, doth Pve, n at?ft kdep and ufc any horse or horses for the purpofrof riding, or, jjjl For the purpose of drawing any such carriage aforesaid, and not charge the focsale, within the limitk of the places for which such afiefiors duty for such arc to ad; and such person so hcensed shall, upon due notice " "her, a hairing been given, neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and Jeliver, according to the directions of the said act of the twenty )earn arc sir nfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, a true list in wnt* kept, ngof the number of such horses so kept and uied by him or her within such limits as aforesaid, liable to the said several duties on horses, or shall omit any such horse or horses in such list, then Such afteilbr or assessors shall be at liberty, and he and they is and anerhereby respectively required from the best information he of they can obtain, to make a true assessment upon such person o licensed, and to charge him or her for and in respect of the real number of horses which shall be kept and used by him or her for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any such carriage as aforesaid, notwithstanding such licence to him or her so granted, or anything in this or the said recited acts contained to the contrary thereof.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the said several duties by this act granted as aforesaid, shall Duties to be be paid quarterly, on the four most usual days of payment of P'? such duties in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of payment

the £ftb'day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of on oft. 10* d&abxr, in every year, by equal portions; the first payment 1789* thereupon to be made on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty*nine.

VIII And be it further enacted. That all the money arising Duties to be

by the duties by this act imposed (the necessary charges of raising Pad 'nfo the andtaccouming for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, £*iried be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at to the conferee?

and die said money, so paid into the Said receipt of the ex iidated fund, rhtquer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the

ru nd called The Confoliaated Fund.

IX And be it further enacted. That the new duties charged Duties to he by this act on horses and on carriages shall be assessed, raised, raised.ac.ac evied, collected, and received by such persons, in such and the dfreftioos of like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under5 Geo. j. Such penalties, 'forfeitures, and disabilities, and with such power C 47, etc.

For recovering and enforcing the same, and according to such

rulcfc, mqfhods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for affirising, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying, thef fonner duties on horses and carriages respectively, by an act marge in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act fortramferring the receipt and management

of certain, duties therein mentioned, from the of

an A the'eotkmijjioners ofstamps respectively, to the commissionersfor

bf affbin.oftaxes\ and alfofor making further provisions in respect

if

628 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 49.

of the said duties so tran sferredy or by any other act or as theral recited or referred to, or by any other law now in force relaim to his majesty's revenues upon houses, windows, and ligftti, el either of them, and which by the hid act of the twenty fftil year of his present Majesty, or by any subsequent act, is mdcl applicable or referrable to the said former duties on horsesandl carriages, or either of them; and a! the powers, authorities, 1 rules, and directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and I things, now in force, contained in the said at of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, or in any at or acts therein re!»or referred to, relative to the duties on horses and carriages,

or either of them, or in any subsequent act relating thereto, for aflefling, raising, levying, and paying, the rates and duties by tbs said acts, or any of them, granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed and practised and put in execution, throaghoc: the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for aflefling, raising, ievr ing, collecting, and paying, the duties by this act directed, r fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, (sofar as fed provisions shall be applicable to the said duties hereby granted, and are not altered by this act), as if all and every the ftd powers, authorities, rules, and directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of jhis act.

The commis X And be it further enacted, That, for the better execution fioners for^of tis ac an(j for the ordering, raising, levying, collecting, and cution^a<ftc*5- Pay, ng> the duties hereby granted, the commissioners authorised Geo. 3. to put or appointed, or who shall be authorised or appointed hereafter this in execu for putting in execution the said herein before mentioned act of tion.and to the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, concerning the said meeting cm duties on horses and carriages in that act mentioned, or any July 10, 1789; duties placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be commissioners for putting in exaction this present act, and the powers herein contained, in all the counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, ciihpfc ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed respectively, within Great Britain; and the said commilfioa ers, in order to the speedy execution of this act, and forthepur pose of levying the duties by this act imposed, shall, in their respective counties, Ihires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, in which they are or Hull be appointed commissioners respectively, meet for the first time on or before the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and afterwards in like manner meet yearly and every year, at such day s or times as the said commissioners for the time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of April yearly, and shall then divide themselves to ad in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act for aflefling, raising, levying, and collecting, the duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same manner, and under the same regulations and directions, as are prescribed by the before mentioned at, or any of them, with respect to the

rates

1789, ]'Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 49.

rates and duties thereby imposed, except in such cases in which any alteration is made in this act,

XI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by my neglect or default there shall not have been a meeting of the said commissioners, and a due execution of the several powers by this or the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty created, within or at the time or times, or according to the manner or circumstances directed or prescribed in and by the present or the said act of the twenty-fifth year iforesaid, it hall and may be lawful for the said commissioners; r any two or more of them, in all the counties, shires, ftewar tries ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places in Great Britain respectively, wherein such default shall have happened, to meet at any other time or times, and from time to time as there shall be occasion; and such commissioners are hereby reqpired, as loon as may be after the time or times so preferred, to meet in order to execute the said powers; and such com miflibners are hereby authorised and required forthwith, or as (bon as may be, after the time or times at which such meeting shall have been held according to the directions of this present act, to execute the same and the powers therein contained, so as the said rates and duties charged by this act be duly and effectually charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflfors, for the uses in this act mentioned, notwithstanding any such omission or defect*all such meetings and acts or the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid, to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding any such omission or defect as aforesaid.

XII Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no per foa shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, or any of the powers herein contained, (except in ad miniftcring the oath ot qualification herein expressed), until he shall have first taken, besides the several oaths required to be taken by any other act or acts of parliament, an oath in the following manner; that is to say,

I A. B; do fweary That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissionery and will determine all appeals which Shall be brought before mey to the best of my skill and judgement, pursuant to the act of parliament in that behalf

So help me GOD.

Which 03th any two or more of the commissioners in the county, shire, city, or place, where the afleflements is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any person shall act as a commissioner for putting this act in execution (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken such oath as aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

XIII And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners

shall

629

and in default of their then meeting, any two may meet at any other time.

No commissioner to act till he has taken the following

oath.

on penalty of

iool.

Commissioners to give

notice to the

assessors of their appointment.

If no assessors are appointed, ortheyneglect their duty, the fnnreyors or infpectort under a5 Geo. 3. to act at assessors.

Such furrey ort and in fpcctorsto take the following

oath.

before they act, on penalty of tel.

Duties to be leried according to lists madeoutpur foant to S Gc6. 3.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 49.

shall cause notice to be inserted in the precepta to be firofo tS31 to time directed by them to the inhabitants of parilfies within their respective districts or divisions, whom tfctly think fit to be presentors or assessors under the fald before mid tioned a efts, or any of them, that such persons are alo appointed assessors of the additional duties on horses and carriages in ffihl ad contained. 1

XIV Andy for that more effectually levying and colie Sling the Adm 1 imposed by this act9 be it further enacted, That if at any time there I shall be a neglect to appoint assessors for the said duties on bodes ] and carriages, or any the duties on houses, windows, and lights, under the management of the said commissioners, or if theafief! fors appointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them by this or the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his prefect Majesty, then, and in that case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, ip pointed or to be appointed under the authority of the said t of the twenty-fifth of his present Majesty, or any of the said a relative thereto, or to any of the duties on houses and windows or lights, thereby and therein referred to, and they are herd required to do and perform such and the like (entices as by thi ad is required of such assessors.

XV And be it further enacted. That every person appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, or any surveyor or icfpe&or hereby authorised'to ad in the execution of the said office or*employment, shall take and subscribe, besides the oaths or fqlemn affirmations to be taken or made and subscribed by assessors, by any other act or acts of parliament relative to Uc said duties, an oath, or, being one of the people called

a solemn affirmation, in the following form j (that is to lay),

I A. B. do fwetr9 (or affirm, as the case may require) Thai in the a£ejjment which I am required to male in pur Juana of the & of parliament, in that case made and provided I will a without feym or affe8ion9 and according to the bejt of my (kill and knowledge,

So help toe GOD

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the comoaiffioo ers, in the county, shire, stewartry, city, or place refpedivdj where the assessments are to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer; and if any person so appointed or to be appointed, or hereby authorised to act as afleflor, surveyor, or in/pedor, shall presume to ad in the execution of the said office or employment before he shall have taken the aforesaid oath or affirmation, as the case may be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds..

XVI And be it further enacted, That the duties by thtitft granted shall and may, from time to time, be assessed, levied, and, paid according to such lids in writing of the number of horses | carriages liable to the said duties, as shall be kept or tiled by

iny

Die': ed by

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 49. 631

' erjpn persons whatsoever, which shall from time to time Jtvcred to any such aflcflor or afleflbrs, surveyor or fur ij lnfjpeftor or infpeftprs respectively, in pursuance of the st of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, and ac^t^fig to the number of horses and carriages respectively con vtoed therein, unless such afleflbrs, surveyors, or infjpeftors re unless omif af^qtively, shall find, upon due examination thereof, that any ^vcred^ and orjrp or horses, carriage or carriages, is or are omitted in such then^effbrt lists, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for are to make a afleflbrs, surveyors, and inspectors respectively, and they furcharge. very and each of them shall and may, and they are hereby cqiiired to surcharge the same, and to make a true assessment every person keeping or using such horses and carriages,

^fcording to, and under such rules and orders, regulations, penalties and allowances, as are in the said act of the twenty sftfc year of his present Majesty, or any act therein recited or rfercrred to, preicribed, anything herein contained to the con notwithstanding,

, fyid be it further enacted, That the first afleflinent First afleff ytx&le under this act, of the additional duties on horses and car "'enrobe riages hereby granted, shall be made for three quarters of a year, fourths of a ftqtn the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty year, from nitfe | and afterwards the said assessments of the said duties shall July 5, 1789, be made for one year, from the fifth day of April in every year, and after XVIII And whereas by the before mentioned act of the twenty wards year fifth year of his present Majesty, it was, among other things, enacted,

That the yearly sum of three pounds ten shillings Should be paid for and upon every calafb, thatfe, or chair with two or three wheels, or by vuhatsoever name such carriages Should or might be called or knoum % to be drawn by one or more horses that Should be kept by or for any person or personsy for his or their use, or to be let out to hire: and whereas feverat carriages are constructed and used for the purposes of pleasure, and are entered and paid for as carts or carriages liable to a smaller duty, by virtue of an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty^ entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon wagons, wains, carts, and other such carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the com tniflioners of excise, and the names of the proprietors or owners of tie said carriages are fometimesput thereon in order to evade the payment of the higher duties, granted to his Majesty by the before mentioned act of the twenty-fifth year of his present majesty's reign, greatly to the detriment of his majesty's revenue 5 be it therefore eoafted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every carriage Carriageswith or carriages with two or three wheels, by whatsoever name or twoorthree names such carriages now are or hereafter may be called or wrh5cij^ known to be drawn by one or more horses, which shall be used ^dnot" at any time for the carriage or conveyance of persons, and not generally for gtaehdfy used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the carriage of husbandry or goods wares, or merchandise, from place to place in the way of }.ra^.c»to trade, shall be deemed a carriage and carriages within the mean dutyimpsw ing of the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Ma by aj Ocq. $.

vjiock^lc

and if not so entered, the owners to forfeit 7i. for each;

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 49.

jesty, and shall be entered and paid for accordingly; any or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX And be it further enaddd by the authority aforesaid. That if, at any time, any person or persons, to whom such car. riage or carriages with two or three wheels as aforesaid shall belong, shall not have entered the same according to the rules, regulations, and directions contained in the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, or any act or acts therein recited or referred to, so far as the same shall be applicable to the duties on carriages with two and three wheels, such person or persons to whom such carriage or carriages shall belong, (kafi forfeit and pay the sum of seven pounds for every such carriage soused, over and above all expenses in profecuting for the same, upon proof of the offence before one or more justice or joftira of the peace, cither by the voluntary confession of the party, cr upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witneflb; which oath the said justice orjustices, to whom such informatics hall be given, are hereby authorised and required to admintfta; and in case of nonpayment, the said justice orjustices are berekf also required to levy the said penalties by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feais of such justice or justices; and the overplus of the roooey raised, after deducing the penalty and costs, and the expenses of distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner, and the said justice orjustices shall pay one moiety of the said penalty to t U informer or informers, and the other moiety to the colkftorr appointed by the commissioners authorised or appointed, or bat after to be authorised or appointed for putting in execution this present act, for the parish or place wherein the person or perfoos, to whom such carriage ok carriages shall belong, shall reside, the said justice or justices shall render an account thereof ir. writing, dating the name and place of abode of such pokes re(pedively from whom the money has been so received, in order that the said commissioners may see the same duly added to the afleflrnent of the respective parish or place to which the lame may belong.

XX And be it further enabled. That all constables, head boroughs, tithingmen, and other his majesty's officers, flu: ! and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the execution of this act, and to obey and execort such precepts or warrants as shall be to them directed in tint behalf, by the respective commissioners hereby appointed, or any of them.

XXI And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons (haji be sued, xnolested, or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in purfiiance of this act,

General issue. such person or persons shall and may plead the general iffur, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff, or plain tiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be

Y non

which may be levied by

difticf*.

Application of penalty.

Constables to afgfit in the execution of thu act.

7s9 ] Anno vicesimo nono georgii III C 50, 633

onsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, 1 or ieni; upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or de mdants shall have treble costs awarded him, her, or them, Treble costs. yamft any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. L

kab fa granting to his Majesty several additional ft amp duties on newspapers, advertisements, and on sards and dice.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

HT7E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjedb, the Preamble

f V commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, to

ifrds raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's pub

ck expenses, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty

le duties herein aftermentioned; and do moult humbly beieech

Mir Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enabled by the

ikigfs most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con

Btdf the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

itfent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

liar, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven from Aug. 1,

undrtd and eighty nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, i

id paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for tional duties

leufeof his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates and to be levied,

ities following; that is to say, yiz

Fbt and upon every newspaper, or paper containing public 0, 1 5WS, intelligence, or occurrence, printed in Great Britain to be hal fperfcd or made public, whether the same be contained in penny:list Iheet, or any less piece of paper, or in any paper larger an half a sheet, and not exceeding one whole sheet, upon ery sheet and half sheet thereof, there shall be charged, over td above all other rates and duties by any act of parliament im sedan additional duty of one halfpenny :

For every advertisement, to be contained in or published with ty newspaper or pamphlet whatsoever, printed in Great Britain anewfpaperor be dispersed or made public, over and above all other rates pamphlet, dx id duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged an Iditional duty or sixpence:

For every pack of playing cards, made fit for sale or use in J? wry pack reat Britain, over and above the duties now payable thereon, of d: e sum of sixpence:

And for and upon every pair of dice, made fit for sale or use anon every Great Britain, over and above the duties now payable there**

this sum of two Shillings and sixpence: respective duties be pah! by the makers of such cards and dice respectively.

II Art! bd it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, Duties to be r the*irtbreeffectual levying, collecting, and paying all the said wnderthema tle^ h^tein before granted, the same shall be under the go thecommif. rnftfetrt, care, and management of the commissioners for the fionersof

time stamps.

aru>o: tkdin*j«mo g$o*6tx W. &>. [j.

time being appointed to manage the dutie* charged fmbpd

- vellum, parchment, afod paper, who, Or the major part nftfrpw,

- are hereby required andim powered to ctoplqy Jbc feaffiuyurf' ficers under theta lor that punpoie, and. to'casucfetcvwat'flmnps

to be provided, to denote the said fever! addiuecui.^ntm .u shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other cthmpaw ccflary to be done for putting thia ad in execution, with wiwwu to the sud several rates and duties beneia befbee yanted, ia the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or she i part of them are authorised to put Inexecution any f concerning stamped paper, or cards, or dice -

'Provided alarays, and be it further esadted by the aatko whoway pro., rity aforesaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of feaapaor fcuapl'to de mars upon nenyfpapers, and upon cards and dice, on which b uote the for - duties are, by several acts of parliament imposed*naer and the and may belawful for the said corami (Aeon ers, instead ofdifliad additional stamps or marks to denote the several duties on tbefpdmmf duties. papers, and on cards and dice charged therewith, Onpanfc,* they see occasion, one. new stamp to be provided to deweerthe former duties, and also the duties granted by thixw&^oabowy. such newspaper, and upon every pack of playingreattfe: and pm of dice, charged With the said several duties i.tiii 3i, r.

Paperliableto IV ilml hi II fnnlm rnsflnl by ihn nrhnrisj ufiaffefelj Till heftoiptbe au paper'able° the duties hereby charged an^amwfpamp, fore printed flwll, before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, - or upon. upon, be brought to the head office for ftampdog a

vellum, parchment and paper; and the said comnwffionejsj by themselves or by their officers employed under thetw, ballfefih with, upon demand made by any penoner periods fata tuuma time, damp or mark, as thisiaa directs, ray quantities dr pawns of paper as shall be brought to them for that purpwfe, . tbeyt fohs so bringing the same paying to the receiver gbn&ral the damp duties for the time being, or his deputy or cidric, thafe versl duties payble for the same by virtue of this act s -_ for y And be it further enacted by the authority xforafeid^thst mentofdurie*^fm allowance shall be made, on present paysnept of (the on cards and said several duties on cards and dice, in such maimer as. by?any dice tn be former law relating to cards and dice is allowed.

made. VI And be it further enacted by the authority oforqfaid^thit

be'altcredmid the said commissioners are hereby directcdwadaa

renewed. - thorifed to provide and use to denote the several duties on daidi arid dice, and on newspapers, shall and may be aheiwrpnwflfs newed front time to tftnc, in such manners any atjpdr&dwq*i under the management of the said commissioncrt, af)e, (fey'bay former: 1aw relating to stamped paper, directed te be aftcrecaod renewed; . and that all persons who shall hare iofheir.«ftodj or possession any paper marked with anyftampormaise; befec the same shall have been so altered or renewed, or same being already stamped or marked with a fanp er irpl denoting any former duty, a new stamp is hereby diaefedtf robe impressed, (hallhave the like remedy and allowance aojj^aidy former law relating to damped paper is, in likeca(&/diefted.

VII iw

vkclimo nono Georgii III C 50. ^5

jilaadwhereas the mating auowantes en the tone ahng of new ft pafk 1 / L unfm in the bands of the refpebhe printers mid

fmt/ijsbrvw Wtomfei^ has been found injurious to that revenue; be qtniiitvefore further erased by rhc authority aforesaid, That, No allowance ftmm&nt after the said first day of August one thousand seven tobcmadefor iummifvd and eighty nine, it shall not be lawful for the said com nc^fpaper?* jnmeoners, or their officers appointed by them, to canoel, or ciiffe to be cancelled, any stamps upon any copies or impressions tech newspapers as amrefeid, under pretence of their remain ktg'tmfoid in the hands of the printers, publishers, or proprietors thereof; nor to make any allowance on account of the same, or of the present payment of any of the said duties, other than such aie herein aner mentioned, any former law to the contrary flfeetvef not with (landing.

'rfs^fll And whereas it is nevertheless expedient to compensate, tbi ptasndrr^puuijbersj and proprietors of such newspapers, for the left itaaynkty happen on damaged newspapers, or in printing of more copies aftikmfpapers than may be sold; be it further enacted by the au >(harfiy afoteflid. That, from and after the said first day of August but an abate mam thoo&nd seven hundred and eighty nine, the said commis mc5l fiqnfers shall allow and pay, to every person who shall bring at of 4lf?n any one time to the head office of stamps to be stamped, or buy I00l. on ofthcfeid commissioners, or their agents, at the said head office, ing at one paper stamped with the respective duties on newspapers, that 0P

jdufaaa whereof shall amount to the sum of ten pounds or up wakxb, at and after the rate of four pounds in the hundred i*olands* upon present payment of the said duties upon the said (fepftr, to by them brought or bought of the said commissioners; iwtih h allowance, at and after the rate aforesaid, shall be in lieu aftdktnstead of all former allowances directed to be made by any fanner act or acts of parliament whatsoever

whereas an usage prevails amongst tke hawkers of newft ptpeh and other perfam, instead of selling the newspapers, to let out the same for small sums to be read by different persons, whereby the foes newspapers is greath objlruqed \ be it therefore further en

st&dd by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said Hawkers jet fi^day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, tins outf^i' if any hawker of any newspaper, or other person, shall let out aft newspaper for hire to any person or persons, or to different 5*pcftins, r from house to house, he, (he, or they so offending. tell forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered ana ap^tedasany other penalty or forfeiture may be recovered and anftkftd by any law now in force relating to the duties on stamped tmdt parchment, and paper. -

xck^ And whereas by an atl> made in the fifth year of the reign of

bttffafenomejejly, entitled, An act for altering the stamp duties rcciu<1. wjfabjdaanffiun* into corporations or companies, and for further atefafa^nd improving the damp duties in Great Britain, recit*

tejtftm ftxsersd suts of parliament relating to thejiamp duties, the onesmfi*act itt the thirtieth year of thereign of his late Jfr*

'&<*£ tbo Smoted, and tbt other thereof made in the fetend year of>v3o».ftxxxvi. Uu bit

V VI

recited act, for payment of the duties on advertise rnents.

636: Agnopno qeq^ij If

hupyefint Adajffy? qt sat fa printers pupl^/herf^' "

('Jvc proprietors of nnyjpdpers % and qttyr papers andpd*?lilfllu

subjeti and liable to the duties on advertisements whfreay^ happened to the revenue; it was thereby inched, That the fifth day of July one thousand feytn hundred and they the commijfiohers of the fiamp da ties, nor any per Jon. e/np$gy£ by them, Jkouldjell or deliver any stamped paper Jor prlntjqg enj pamphlet, or any publicknews intelligence or occurrences to be ^rqoinu in any one Jbeet or any lejfer piece of paper, unless the person^dpplym for the same shouldfirst give security to his Majesty for the pemkentq the duties for fa advertisements which Should be printed therein or thereupon: and whereas the provision contained in the said a6 is Mot sufficient for fa security of the said duty on advertisements; it Proprietor therefore enatfed, That, from and after the said first day of A Swars?^ one ouan seven hundred and eighty nine, no printer or security re publisher of any newspaper now printed or published, or whjch qairedbythe may hereafter be printed or published, in which any adverttfe ments, liable to the several duties by this or any forpricv, a dr acts imposed, shall belnferted, hall receive from. missioners, or any person or period employed by the; 4U>' stamped paper for printing any such Intelligence or 0c^pirm|^ thereon, until the proprietor or proprietors iqrerefted^ paper, or such.and so many of the said proprietors as are id the judgement of the said commissioners, or any three oripvt)eot them, of sufficient ability to answer the said duties pay^bk oa advertisements, shall join in the security directed to befgjveabjf the said herein before recited al of the fifth year of his prelect Majesty, for the punctual payment of the said duties, paye on such advertisements at the respective times in that act ap !f advertise pointed; and in case any printer or publisher shall print or pub print^dbefore h. or cause to be printed or published, any adver«f«ie^ such security anyuc^ newspaper, before he mall have delivered 40 itye, name be given, the or names of such proprietor or proprietors, and such progric^ir printer or or proprietors, or so many of them, as the said cpipmimope^ forfeit rr? all ^eein necessary, shall have gjiven security to or CI 500. heirs ancj focceflors, for the payment of the feyera^. duties payable on advertisements which shall be printed Of

, thereupon, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the f^o> of'ijrc

hundred pounds.,

XI And in order fa more effetlually to compel thctpff^fntdoi arrears of the said duties on advertisements as they Jhatl yefp^lvefy from time to time arise and grow duey be it Further ena^e^vltiat the said commissioners, from time to time, as often as.fnej^id duties paj^able for advertisements shall be in arrear and itfipaad, for the space of thirty days after the printing pr ppblfcatw thereof, shall cause to be delivered oath printer or count thereof such newspaper''left at the most usual house or far

b The com n Pr, n, ns such newspaper, a true account in-

rniflionermo fams of money which shall from time to time "

the printer or and fre claimtd'by the said commissioners to be duomj^y^, ^pubh(hcr, who such advertisements ^iflingui/hing tbcriia the

If the duties on advertisements be unpaid for 30 days, an ac

a9m<^vifccsimo nona geonfciruf. C go. 637

; f thereof; and the said proprietory printers, forthwith

iri3^aufffn^lrs of such newspapers respectively are hereby re° pavlhc delivery of any such account, forthwith to pay amc*

: G' the'(ala commi fl] on e rs, or to such person or persons as are d^oyed by them, the amount of the duties contained in such tfccmiltt! provided nevertheless, if it Shall appear on the settle the said accounts before the said commissioners, that flatter contained in such newspaper has been charged j2th f\ich^duty, which shall not be chargeable therewith, the m'comtoiffioners are required, to allow the same to the said toprietprs, printers, and publishers respectively, and to Arike n foycharge out of the said accounts.

: Apd be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

Hut all arrears of the said duties remaining unsettled for the and if not jftcepf ten days after any such account in writing shall be deliftt, ciin 10 and may be sued for in his majesty's court of exche r

ay?rr, by action of debt or information, in the sued for in^majeay's attorney general, or solicitor general, in theexebe* protection, wager of law, nor more than onewt* V lasrcc, : Atall be allowed; and upon every such action or in,

!dna Capias in the sir A process shall and may issue, fpe afaount of the duties sued for; and the said proprie

'and printers respectively, against whom such information shall be brought, shall be obliged to give ^pof'security to the amount of the duties sued for, (an affidavit hlm^f being fira made and filed in the said court), by natural iciftsubjects, persons naturalised, or denizens, to the person or er^to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the wftoort, at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such lutoripvolecurion, and shall likewise, at the time of such appear n, j^fc.(ufficient bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, i^eiald cbprt, to answer and pay the condemnation money in Vhe said duties, or to yield his, her, or their body or

tfjpsmir.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, zhv ptrfon shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Perfqqs coan* or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, to resemble 2, rfc, tins njftifflap, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by thisdeath, r any former act of parliament relating to the duties on cards D duje^ br newspapers, for the purpose of denoting the duties y^or'ipy such former act of parliament granted, or shall odrorar or fefemble the imptession of the lame, with an in

mi^f6 relfcaud his majeay, his heirs or successors, of any of the 'or shall utter, Vend, or sell any paper, or any cards,

apers, liable to any Aamp duty, with such coun r tr^ark thereupon, knowing the same to be coun? trflfftprivately or fraudulently use any seal, stamp, pr fot^abreoeibr allowed to be used by this or any such former dfchrsm to the said amp duties, with intent

his heirs and successors, of any of th? wiry person so offending, and being thereof iaw

to

U u 2

fully

Power ofiv' former ah, f not hereby altered, to

Duties to be

paid to the receiver neral of stamps, and.

Anna videfitoo^itond Gcoraistfitt; ©358.

fully ctoviftsets, thrill «fd}udged'#tffc^ttm^

, 4b trf'«lfiss Offafony}* Without bwbfaldfbcftlrgy; '> >^nro b; .

' xiv.artd be it; fbft her: ewafttds &yt** atftheoitytderduil, 'Thatall powcrsv provisions, wtfftesv'dabfet.^uahmtdlindtar. feieotts, and diftribotions of penalties snd fbefafttiresy^sdaft orber matters and things prescribed or appointed ^tai^minr eirt^'tothia aft or aft a of parliament, relating to the done airdtidt^ fttt, ad. and newspapers, and not hereby altered, ftttllbe tfmmcttiil

;" efsect, with relation to the additional and new rates and dotiet hereby itnposed, and shall be applied and pat in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the faid(addtrieml and new rates and duties; according to the maw intent and meaning of this act, asfulty, to all intents and purpolfejvf if the same had several ly and respectively been hereby re editftk!

*'with relation to the said additional and new rates and duties"'

XV And be it further enacted by the authdfitvrttfowfim,

That the several duties herein before granted shall be pilfftoai litne to time into the hands of the reveiver gertfcfalftfr rho'tiee 'being of the duties on stamped vellum, parch nfwntv*ndfjpp!r)

who shall pay the same (the neoeffarychorges ofraiifiligppajfiaj,

carried to the and accounting for the same, being dednfted)i4to tb*fstttpt«f consolidated ^, e exchequer, at flieh time, ad Jn such nrartneiy as thedstitt un'charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; a dheaid

to be paid; and the Aid money; to paid Into the oiitaem^ as \^- aforesaid, thall be carried to and made a part of thw fufcd aadm

, The cmftudaudfund. >»' vre, 1:

r XVI And be it farther enacted by the anthorky sferefiw, That if any person or persons (hab, at any time m ihttes'fc sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by Mm'el m done or executed ki purfuanct of this act, or of hrff Chuft, matter, or thing herein contained, such perlbtv or^pevfbnlfttll Central ifftie. Or may plead the general ifliie, and give the special nwtttr in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the tmva>wvft9'shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the ptshdif er, plaintiff's become oonsuited, thenfachdefendant ofidhfcfcd&ts

Treble costs. shall have treble costs awarded to him or them agtiaftfoch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

"^ p a p t r 1 '^'^ivf', C

Anaff for granting to his Meytjly several additmut^ampdatm a probate ref wills, letters of and o/t receifuftth

goats, or for any Jbare of a perftnal rjlate divided by Jafti tftks

yjlattttt of diflributitns.«..< nv

«... 'i m o fv.c

Most gracious Sovereign, ......................

Preamble. ITTT| TE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal i fabjeftljplhe; W commons of Great Britain, inpwliaw*feardrtanbkd, i wards raising the necessary supplies to defray your>majesty't

publjck expenses; have rdfolved* to'give and giant titnoyour

Majesty the duties hfcrcin after mentioned rodooswofthutobly

- bdecchyour Majesty that it nuyjbe enacted and be fcdtoafted

^9*1 Aju» vsttfiwwnoflo c*er(wsiul. Ciji. £39

hysth<b % bh£»ipiofcqk«yt«t wiajesty, hyiand, with the advise and content of tb^tosds/ptefehjd andiemporalaund commons, prom Aug. ted |^iw^»^aff(w)wed*a»<l jtyrtea&rtjority of the i, 1789, the f«m^rthm; , fiwm, »fld. »ster thev6rft dsy oi 4ttff0 one tbowfafd foltowing? fcvttttjy»dnjd>imd eighty nine, there flml be wiled, Icyjed, j^'i°t L'eouftacdtcand paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britauj, paid on per; «otpnd.rfpmheni< of his Majesty, hisheks and successors, the bate of wtftt, raiesjaodduaeslbuowing; that it to say, .. C

: bnn >: ., - Forevery Forever? (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or ftfn, C piece of piper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or print ed» aoyprobatc of a wdl, or letters of administration for any or upwards,eflatc ofor above the value of three hundred pounds; over and so, above, ail other rates and duties already impaled thereon,there Where 600i. Ihsttibo charged an additional duty of twenty Shillings; and , r "p^#rd*» Wbiieltbe estate is oftorabove the value of six hundred pounds, where roool. efoifthef additional duty of thirty Shillings; and where the estate and upwards,isefwv sfiovethe valoeof one thousand pounds, a further ad j1 ittonaldutyiof two pounds ten Shillings; and where the estate Where i.oool. ih: m')ow>abovo the value of two thousand pounds, a further 51, ^** adfitinoaliduty of three pounds ten Shillings; and where the, nd where, efofe i*tof or above the value of five tfaeuftnd pounds, a further 5, 000!. and idditfofsalduty of five pounds; upwards,

s ifcs flvuny (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or*'', 0, pfct»fipaper, upon which (hah be engrofied, written or print red,

any receipt, or other discharge given for any legacy left by iej, cy, orfor jhpwiil, oriothec teftansentaryinstrument, or for any mare of a a mare' of a perihiwl estate divided or distributed by force of the statute of personal ef diiributiens, or the cvflom of any province or place, the amount, at divided Wtlfteef (frau be four hundred pounds, there shall be charged an ][ ",tre of iftdirioml^ampduty of twenty Shillings j and upon every further distributions, fwio&.on* hundred pounds; lb left by any will or other testa to thea jmptanf&ftcument, de for any part or share of a personal estate divided r distributed by force of the statute of distributions, or dat*yof io. tfamwftw .of any province or place, a like additional damp dmy and for every of tftmfft Shillings' '

.. of tool, alike

Provided that nothing in this act contained shall extend to dutyoflos. charge the probate of any will or letters of administratroh of any ^hisaft not eoumaanrfeaman. orfotdier, who shall be (lain or dieiii his Mato extend to jesty'ftferwicet a. certificate being produced from the eaprsih of the wills of tlfo ihtp\or veflelv or captain of che troop or company, under sailors or fol whom such seaman or soldier served at the rhyme of hts death, V and oath made of the truth thereof before the proper judge or majesty'a for' officer by whom such probate or administration ought to be vice; !grfmb!4drthicfedath>focfr judgeorofficer is hereby required tnd oavfttbrifodi to adcuinifter, . and for which no see or rewafo shall iknjutftrhvov vn ->»

j«/qii*&oivdedslways, and be ib enacted, That nothing in Hi is nortole ''htitcbfttmiaed shall extend to clnqge with the additional dufies ^jfc'ch?l*tft fcnppfrd, any legacy left by ody will, or other testa dren, or

U u 3*mentary grand chil

$40 Cutfi. [^89,

4rrn of te? jnftf mnt rtfvww rflfi dh*l Afeatt D

Itftator.': .diftritwww Of rtlmifuftvmftf, <*$ jawwiftfo tjf) pk»ctw*fc«fc

'', mjjl be fp.dcvifeflr «rdm^bmtetl, o. [#«pi^{k

or. gf ad, of tb^ip«iioivnwfc«ig.'akfa»*iit»ri*6i». me^urymdfuwcnr*; , , ., : V [dt wai 'renro*

lil. And be it further enabled by the authoriry; af«fcfeid. dt, eth at, far iho. more effectual levyiag, todectiofv and 'management the acl duties hereirvbcfpre granted, the am shah bco«odcr of the5com the government, care, and irianagemeihof tfceromtmtfioqers miflinneraof for the: time being appointed to manage the d wksr^h&rgisd^iia ftampe. stamped vellum, parchment, and paper who, or jbctniajac*)*fr of thetprare hcreby.required anj irppowered to eaaploy*fcc«* ccifery officers under them for that purpose; ©aufct&ek new (lamps to be provided, to denote the said several new laud nd dilional duties respeclively, as shall be requifitt in tha* jbehikjc*o<l tp do all outer thingsi^ecessary to be dcmftfpr puttjn^rthte execution, with relation to ithe said several rd utica bfrtftefaetare granted, in the hke, and in as full and ample a?<mm&, i»thqfc pr the major part of them, ire aut^oca£p^ io put jnicmqttjqo any former law concerning Aaaipedt vedum, parchompur

t: JV, grpyided ajw»y*, and be it further cna&rdjbyth«dw* One stamp thority afoiesaid, That, to prevent! the multipkcatiunbbftamps vided topde wwj fah pieces of vewttco or parchmca** or fhcets ©rpotiot' note the for 9p wl)icb several duties are by several adsxtf pariiamft

mer and the imposed, it shall and may belawfulior the said coaimsttsjrn* p^efentdu ipfte^djpf dint (lamp. to denote the several duties on ttrnfc**'^utn^jparchjnent, and paper, charged therewith, tooaufo^diaqr

one new.stamp tpbe proxidedto denofetbeddmer £utie$, and also the duties^granted by this a, on piececf

vellum or, parchment, or (licet or piece of paper, bba^lwidi the said several duties. ... .< o f; II

Vellum, CV nd be U further; enacted by thoaathprity afbitefem, .That duties^to be^vfijipw> parchment, and paper, cu«we do th<r: dttcfei; fc«ty ftampedbe before ihe. fa me. shall bed ngrofftd, pci qted^or

fore written written upon, be brought to the head office for ihmpanp ioc upou* marking vellum, parchment, and paper; and the said const

fioners^ by themfcwe^ or by their oftiecr$oeavpk)yed underrate #$1 for(jiwith, upon demand to thein.^nade.byjan^.pedbo Of p^!(pnf» frppi.tiotojq tiioq, .stamp orraark, as; thial»&divc^ ^>yrqpantjtics or parcel of vehum* parcbmenapor papet; a&iiiau be bought to them for that pnrpojfe, the peribo& so bringing ths same paying, to the receiver-general of thoftaimp dotics.fcmihe Mffit being, orbis deputy or clerk, (hefecccal duties pay hbk (ac the same by virtue, of this act^, 'i. n.. j he win

yi, ( And be it fqrther enabled, by/the authority.aforp&id^ allowa % efor ifl^t the same allowaooe shall be <madejqu pccfetit pcyinefrt of mentpl le ^evera^ duties granted by this at, and in such memuy made" " 1 W any former law reiating to daojped veuiim, pttchmtot, apd paper, is allowed, '5..

yut And be it.fumber enacted by the .autborityiafabrfad,

That

yiooq ie

i$gi] Anno .tttcfkm' nono gto&gri III C j. £41

ithwftfch> mmps*r rtur fan comn^<»efrare hereby aijwrtfd Stwptmar swauriwiiifed'td provijk art use, shall tfld my be altered and be ldd*wed/^rofe tfmewmiwe, in stich manner as any other ft46i^s renewe management of the (arid comtiiiflloners are, by liny former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, Antitedcurbe altered and renewed; and that all persons ho ifcdhwvc In thew euftody tar possession any vellum, parchment, ': ot paperi, marked with any (lamp or mark before the same shall ftaae'been so altered or renewed, or on which, the same being atready ftimped or marked with a (lamp of mark denoting any fcnmrduty, anew ftampis hereby directed to be impressed,

(half have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law.

Mating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is, in like cases, .

WCOVCQ.

kivjilv Artd be it farther enafied by the authority aforesaid, flffat Knarry period Shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be eoufrierfetted or forged, any Teal, stamp, or mark, to resemble or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or wry formeradt of parliament, for the purpose of denoting the duties by hia or any such former act of parliament granted, dr shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an iofemtodefraodhis Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of ifcejfirid'dutte*; or shall) utter, vend or sell, any vellum, parch tuenvor paper, liable to any stamp duty, with such counterfeit (bmp or mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or(hait privately or fraudulently use any sea), stamp, or mark dbteted or allowed to be used by this or any such former act of pukiment relating to the said stamp duties, with intent to de ftwd his Majesty, his heirs and successors* of any of the said fcdts^ every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully dlbtigtafcibau be adjudged a felop, and shall suffer death as in Cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

oe it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, What till powers, provifiohs, articles, clauses, penalties and for fctdrety and distributiorts of penalties and forfeitures, and ah nd things prescribed or appointed by any form a&nor^acts of parliament relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper on which any probate of a will, letters if adhnniftration, or receipt or discharge for any legacy, (hdil Wmgroffed* Written, or printed, and not hereby altered, (ha'll Be fa 11 force and efiedt with relation to the additional and'nbw rotef; and: duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put rn executionifortthe raising, levying, collecting, and fecorin^, she fast idditiqnal and new rates and duties, according to tise true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and ptttu pbfea^aaif the same had several ly and refpedivdy been hereby foenadted with relatioato the said additional and new rates and diniesur <.

rxuiaxal be it farther eroded by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted ihittbe paid, from tlttte tb time, !into the hands of thoreceiver^geiwhl for itkrim* being

U u 4 of

1 1 Gc )gle

Persons cotin terfeitine ftanpi, See, to suffer death.

r .rf '*1 »*

Powers of,

so*kerj& >

not hereby, altered, tovk tendtothuir act.

Duties to be paid to the receiver-general of stamp duties, and

1

1

1

642

carried to the

consolidated

lund.

General iflfue. Treble costa.

Preamble.

6 Geo. 3. C xoi.and

o$geo $«.

C$, re, Clted^

ahpq^iofltq^noaogeoartjwtfl^ic.c^a

of' jdu tie ped>attil mb, ; parah awhr, wfe»

fluu pay the &me»4hp /ltc^flkcjixhatgebijtiatling; f>afus|, 3gbd accqppflng fqr thete(04'h*iag de4u£te<^ inraitbdwceipcvifcsti*. exchequer, - 91; fecji; tifne» and>j»tfud»a*mtir <* .qfedk.

charged pp ft^ppped .vellum, parchmeijt^and.pijiefc, aroatis^b*

, to.be paid a ad the said money, lupoid iwo rha6»dqr*et*prib. aforesaid, (halt be carried to and nude a, pan ofaipyiabd dadltdfbt Confclnktfd Fuad. .ixfi: j to ir

XI And be R further enacted by tyre authority'

That if any p«rfoa or persons shall, at any time or imw, be sued, molcsted, or prosecuted, for anything by him or chop done or executed in pursuance of thtt a, or of amielarfb matter or thing herein contained, such person or perienk'qpiu or may plead the general issue, and give the fpecisl ange in evidence for his nr their defence; and if.upon the trial a tonftft shall pass for. the defendant or defendants, or the piaiquft.ur plaintiffs become nop (luted, then such defendant or dcfand«rtb shall have treble costs awarded to him.ortheipa§<ai«ift ifuct> plaintiff or plaintiffs.; . wt sc.j

", >, y j's. IE il

'Q A p.. "utij/j fvt:

An act to give further powers to the com rrnffioners for

tain ligbtbeufet in the northern partsjf Great Britain. L 'f

WHEREAS by an afty passed in the twenty sixth je[ efhit present Mdjejly's reign, entitled An act for Wv..

taitl lighthouses in the northern parts of Great eommissioners therein named were enabled, for these^r^tj^f #qzdi* tion and the fjheries, to erect four lightloufes in the northern. Pfrfaof Great Britain, one at kipnard's Head in the county ^abertjc#*, one on the island of Noph Ranaldlhaw in.top Orkney, o^e^mjbt point Scalpa in the island Herries, anil a fourth ou amil if

Kintyrc; and to collect and receive certain Julies upon Jhipepoffim any of the aid lighthouses, and to exercise the powers qndi\ irppk, therein mentioned: and whereas by another aq^ passed in dfea&irttjb: eighth year of his present Majeslfs reign, entitled, ^Ar render more effectual an act, passed in the twenty ftj$tb^ywfiff. his present majesty's reign, intituled, An act for ereflipgcertfit fighthouses in the northern parts of Great Britain, cpxtaiq, a4djti pnal powers and Authorities were given to the said co^a>ii?#}ik ers: and whereas the four lighthouses therein defer ibid, Jntvf bene eretted\ and particularly a lighthouse at a place called Shem chants, on the south west point of the mull of kliiuyr*, wkyb.it found to be of great importance to the navigation of fbip< faffing to and from the northern channel, but not to hips pajftng to^d/rm the frith of Clyde, through the soul hern channel: and where it would Conduce greatly to the security of such navigation tbroh&bjhe \farthern channel, if another tigbibouse was ere bled ypqf* the Jmtk end of the island of Arran, or upon the little iffitui mar

f he same, which may be done witboift any increase of the dutief tooth.. to be levied by the said two recited Qfls: d may it therefore

Aiip vio^qhwomm<3eokou: ter 643

thatit may in crafted'diid1 be" ft'cnarftted: f1 Y. ', '... )Ltbcflfjoft. excellent majesty, by ahd with thfeadvicfc' , ldlcctfant*>£ the lords fpmtual and tetto pored, ahd fcomrtionsy'* tdfemlpraiihihpariiaaieat aflsembled, andby the authority afibe'fe^that it hall and may be lawful to and for the said com and the com rabntes» orany fiye r mope of them, to erect, or cause to be1raiflionere au hawl hkbgbthouse: iac>eon*edient situation upon the' south. t

d of the island of Arran or upon the island of Plada npar the house odsthe* (jftifiwitih fitch other buildings and conveniences as to themifland of Arad appear necessary; aim to erect, or cause to be erected, or island faratf ur wharf for landing materials necessary for the build °* F,da>etc* fifed .maintaining the said lighthouse, and to make, or cause >{bt(made, a road or roads from the said bread or wharf to the i hghthouse, and to contrast and agree with the owner or |ttdrt>and occupiers of lands, lying and situated at the places <&(&), : end most convenient for erecting the said lighthouse wmbmatcommodatmuis, for so much land as may be necef* tfeefcid purposes, and shall pay such raceand confident m for the same as shall be agreed on between the said com iffioners and the owner or owners and occupiers of such nds, either by absolute purchase, or by payment of a rent or iruin.atonuaj sum for the lame.

IL And wbercai it may happen that the owner or owners, or tupier or occupiers of such land may inftjl on too high prices or rents rite, same, or through infancy, minority, deft El of the title deem, : aenpruteit, debts, or other difabilines or it may be difficult ifontf valid and legal rights to some of the properties'eftifbribtft purposa; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by Authority aforesaid. That under any' of the circumstances Commit '^iftffribed, it shall Be lawful for the cotnmifiloners, fioneweoptw; tf6y are hereby authorfed to apply'to the (heri/f depute ofcewl*"iirtty % here the lands He, and to proceed in the mannerjj^aj.'dtwthe iil^f by the said fird mentioned act, in order to have the rgeitedafts, mfe'thefeorascertained and the right made effectual; and the where dif rctaf powefs apd authorities which are conferred upon themf^m*!**. ^cthr said'two recited acts, are hereby also given, and id modes df proceeding shall be followed relative to the afore {cessary to - idfiffh ltghthouse, as with regard to the others already ereftshe purchased I, Higher duties being exigible for the whole five lighthouses .for their i»ri thnr<j authorhed by the said last mentioned act, but which g°c.*ifer shah'tie wholly exigible at the times, and in the manner'ectfiidihthe said last recited act, without waiting till the fifth: by this present act shall be completed, ill Id And whereas it may be necessary, for the purpose of complet.. 'fhepdidf/tb' hghthouse, to borrow a further sum of money, be if, isftdd'by she authority aforesaid, That the said commission and mar bors, Or koy ^vei or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby P" f r npofered'ahd declared to have full power and lawful autho 0 tywanyttrife or times hereafter, by any mortgage or mart., ., Of any act or acts, deed or deeds, under their hands duly. ccouttd, 'td Borrow pr take up at a rate of littered not exceed

u'.'r. ing

commission cra may erect other light hoiifes, whenever the duties will enable them, '

and may elect the chief magi strate of the nearest royal bofrougvand tht<he>iff«depute ofl the nettrtftecum, tyjtbbecom mitiffoners.

No perfort* concerned'iri any Contract under the act to be a com' '

Fublick act.

- % -*Preamble,

Antic v?defimd nono

fog the lawful iritetest, in addition to the Tunis taken up and borrowed by the said^fts, a further feeding twd thoucand pounds 'ft&fihg, ''upon; rbg^in^m credit of the duties granted as hfbreffa^d, for aniwttib^ww pince of making and completing the ftid lighthotffl?ahtf ti&i works, and such further sum as (hair be fufficlfehv trf charge the expense of obtaining and passing thv'iw; ahfto assign such duties to any perfori or persons, body pofitftrtr corporate, who shall furnish or advance such money, bfiflj part thereof, as a security for the repayment of the fafoe. ', n:

IV And whereas the several lighthouses already etesel sound of great benefit to the navigation of the horthfeasffid whereas, considering the danger 'of navigating ihefe fens, fiailkiktij in the dark ttmpfiuous season of the year, more 'Rghthzufts conduce to the fdfety of hips, and prifervation of the lives offfism^ be it enacted by the authority afofefaid. That if shall ind be lawful foyr the said co m missioners, whenever the pnwucf oath present duties on the tonnage of Ships will enable th*3m to erect other lighthouses, to cause such other lighthobfts tube erected upon any part's of the coast of Scotland as they (hilldeem to be necessary, and for that purpose to exercilfc the farnep&rtd which have been granted for erecting the lighthouses ^entfonrtf in this and the aforesaid acts of the twenty fixtif and twehty eighth years of his present majesty*s reign,

V And be it further enacted by the authority aford&h,

That when any new lighthouse shall be erected on any pin of the coast of Scotland, it shall be Tawfdf for the cdmmrflrortefitbr the time being to elect the ptovoft or chief magistrate of the nearest royal borough, and also the sheriff depute ofxhtrifcd county to'the said new erected lighthouse, to^be cofomifliortm for executing the powers contained in thik and the said fonter acts. ir'"''': CV i, r

VI Provided always, and be it enabled. That rs6 'effort

concerned in any contrast for building or lighting the Kd lighthouses, shall be a commissioner for executing thik or the said former acts.

VJI. And. be it further enacted by the authority afbrcffid, That this act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all tcorh of law or equity, as a public act; and al! judges and jdfficficf such courts are hereby required to take notice thereof s fcdh, without specially pleading the same. ir

CAP. LIII

4n aq for further encouraging and regulating the newfatu^ua^ Greenland, and foutbtrn whale fijberuu

WHEREAS, as well by immemorial usage as by the ptf* tonnes of former laws, the right and privilege of dryingfijhn the island ^/' Newfoundland do not belong to any of his My eft I ftibjeffr arriving there, except from Great Britain, or we oy h Majeslfs irnimms in Europe; ir preventing frauds, and tbhtty

bm

r&p)] no vk»fifbo nono georgii III G. 53. 6f5

fff fcqpptgu his Majtfifj said fctjeflt Great Britain, and of iff jp9£rbrinllnifope, the full advantages of the fi/hery out thence, and of drying fish on the bores of the island of be it declared and enacted by the king's most by and with the advice and consent of the uakand temporal, and commons, in this present par affippbled, and by the authority of the same. That no No fifb, tin taken or caught by any of his majesty's subjects, or other less caught by atovingtit Newfoundland or its dependencies, or on the qr<|atbritain »nksr of^the said island, except from Great Britain, or one of of t^c bri uoi British dominions in Europe, shall be permitted to be landed cifh domini r; dryed^on the said island of Newfoundland, always excepting one in Europe, te^rights granted by treaty to the subjedfs of his most christian drie^at4 (ancity, on that part of the island of Newfoundland beginning ncwf0und cash Saint John, passing to the north and defeending by the land, the icmerp, coast of the said island to the place called Cape Raye. right at ceded

tt f^ndwbereas it is thought expedient that the owners of hips*mpfoyfa in the Greenland fishery Should be allowed to receive the e P ornty grafted by an act, puffed in the twenty fsxtb year of his fffl^to'/nnjefifs reigh, entitled, An atft for the further support a6 Geo. j.. encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland c.41. recited. teas and Davis's Straights, although such hips depart from those reas hef pm he tenth day of August then followings and although they r not laden with the quantity of whale fins, and of oil or blubber in Proportion thereto, required by the said act, in case it hall appear by he log booh of such hips, tbqt they have not departed from those seas ilflstbe. end ofsixteen weeks from the day they respectively sailed from tl}t ports where they were surveyei and cleared out $ be it therefore further, enacted. That any owner or owners of any ftiip or After Jao. fr vefiei shall be allowed and entitled to receive the bounty grant79°» fwps ted, hythe said act, for any (hrp'which shall havo proceeded, or ^/bbu^es^ shall proceed upon the said whale fishery from any port of granted by the Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Men, after recited ait, ihe fir day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, Jj1** fojfj and ftulj have failed, or shall sail from the port where (he was ycarty[\h<?* surveyed and cleared out, directly on her intended voyage on or they ie4ve the bcfqqfe the t^nthxuy of April in each and every year, although Greenland (he shall depart from the Greenland feasor Davis s Sleights, or th^ept Teas, before the tenth day of August then following, ^ffo^aug.1 aalthough The shall not be laden, if of the burden of three 10, following, hundred tonnes, with thirty tonnes of oil, or blubber in proportion and shall not thereto, the blubber to be rated with respect to the oil as three l*den to two, and one tonne and a half of whale fins 5 or if (he be of greater or letter burden, with a quantity of oil or blubber and onl of the whifetirts irt like proportion to the tonnage of such ship, being recited a, the produce of one or more whale or whales, caught by the upon the crew There of, or with the assistance of the crew of some other ^npio^cu Ikenfcd ship, in case it shall appear by the log book of ft) A '

ship that (he had continued with her crew in the said seas, diligently endeavouring to catch whales or other creatures living in those seas, and did not depart from thence till the expiration of

sixteen

anno/vitflfinpp^no cg

sixteen weeks from the time of her sailing, frojnhf.pqp!tv»|iw* Hie shall have been furyeyed and cleared\dut* provided neb ftf, shall not have touched at any other port during bet voyage, and shall have complied with all the otherregulations, qsndift pns, and ydlri&iona, iuaposed by the said act. N V -^

III And whereas by an oil pajud twenty eighth ofha

ti Geo.; , present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for jwnendi^g^an C 10. recited, made in the twenty sixth year of his present majesty'a. mf[ft, and after pass.y^ encouragemeutof the whale fifiery, vd far atabpg the three'further provisions for that purpose, toe three vfjfc

ships entitled which are entitled to the premium therein grmted en tjbar daubing to the boon Cape Horn, or pajfing through the Straight Magellan, aror*- ties thereby quirednot to return in left time than eighteen months, mdhu doubungcape thoughtjufikienl that ftuh fli or be obliged to mfpm

Horn, or pafb out no longer than ftxuen months; be it therefore further ensqsi ing through by the authority aforesaid, That the owner or owncraq^ feohjpf t^stre'gbt. tile said t|uee ships or vessels which shall fgil after the paifeg to beentitud (sa shall be inthled to the said additional premoiour^rh** thereto, if ed by the said act of the twenty-eighth year of hi. fyafent.ma they shall not jestyfs reign, under the conditions, regu)ationskand "tuminkf> id the said act mentioned, in case.such ships or yedeif months and fe{uin in Ids time than fixteeo. months, from the fiepe of, her by Dec.' 10, clearing out, and on or before tbp first day of Detention in in the feemid second year after that in which such ship or vpffcliball ftpc year after fitted and cleared out., -> nr to

clearing out. jv. Ayd whereas doubts have arisen whether Owners of slip cr heft'd flail be entitled to the premiums granted hfjihd ovin with mentioneda(ts, pajfod in the and tumuty^jigfyhl*#hf

theortierco* ki* present Myejty's reign, unleft fiuh ftup hacetkoe

ditkm* of the ed out fpceiauy for the rtjpeclive latitude therein jpt&fied: bt

further declared and pna&ed by the authority aforefei dg the owner or owners of any stupor vessel shall not; bopbigji mium«!tho' to.clear out Specially for the respectivclatitudes fpoctfiod igtfae they do not said aifls, but shall be entitled to the premiums ihcrebytj^efltf4? dear out on complying with all the other conditions, regulation, jgid fpeciauvfttr reftriilions imposed by the said acts. b wciv

therein foeet V And whereas by an act made end puffed in thubtpfatffxtb Bed. year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, anas xfothti*

s Geo. 3. further support and encouragement of the fisherie* patriot«gvf>«4i.. the Greenland Seas and Davis's Straights, it is among jtther; \t^gi

tnacted, That everyship /ballhave on board apprentuoti, imhutthtfi

, far tit pace of. three years at the leaf, who shall ruacoedtfbih

of eighteen years, nor be under fourteen years of age, aptht timed Shall be so indentured, in the proportion of one apprtnfi&.0.fhajtal for every thirty-five tonnes burden, und one fresh or, gretp 00 for every fifty tom burden, which appreutiees and firejfi, e*(gtjaan1u0 shall be accounted in the number of men required t&htttdfiifb

ship as aforesaid: and whereas by an other ad mode Hfi*

6 Geo. J. twenty sixth year of his prtfent fftfer

C so, the encouragement of the southern whale fishery, it k, amdgiffhtr

things enadtdi Tbqt no premim.granud by \kgt ad jh& if

k

Afifto nonaxjirolfglf Iff* C 5$. $47

ptrfoni Whatever forj tritti 6ccfafit of'dttf ^jfollhnpkyeddtpthd afortfavdfifbtry, unhfi fmb skip or vefo tifefmtbwi dnbbard ah apprentice indentured for the pace tf tbrte wb&tiptb&^fyfyffor e&ty fifty tens burden of fitch slip or veflif tip rfmeasurement* evety fitch apprentice riot exceeding the age of eighteen WJ wwfahg Outdorfokrteed years, at the time he flail be so indtn #d^afi^mfffos by another act, made and faffed in the twenty d/mje&ifoibt reign of hit present Majesty, intituled, An act sot rt1(jl8 q lad, - made in the twenty sixth year of his present C rccited* ty*s tt\p\, for the encouragement of the southern whale fiflery, w making further provisions for that purpose, it is, among! rflef things, matted. That the several additional premiums granted fflhdf Oft flail be paid in such and the like manner, and under such

swr Kit conditions, rules, regulations, and restrictions, as are di^jd[bt$prrfcribed in and by the [aid aft, made and passed in the " a-'^fotib year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled An I flte dfleburagement of the southern whale fishery.: and n? if expedient that provision floufd be made to oblige the \ewdfflips or vejfcls, or the per font to whom apprentices flail be ^tn{pkjfidnce of wt acts herein before respectively recited, to yfeft apprentices in their service for the time they flail be inden west ft therefore further enacted by the authority afore

tt*if^ft6nr and after tfce first day of January one thou After Jam t, KM hundred and ninety, if the matter of any ship or 1790* any rcffcl, or any other person or persons whatever, to whom any ap*1* w^idewiapprentices shall be indentured pursuant to the said Apprentice, lai^ihvbefore recited acts, (hhll permit or suffer any such ap indentured. rtwftd OV apprentices to ^ufr, leave, or depart, his or their pursuant to wiktwi arty pretence whatever, except as herein after is pro wid, < befofd the expiration of the term for which he or they hig fervid befell bfe bbund, every such mjlftef or other person shall forfeit fore the expi b^y^fb^ each and every offence, the sum of fifty pounds; ration of his btlfe fobiwredby adron of debt, bhl, plaint, or information, J**!0 or" courts of record, in which no wager of 5o1, wr^hd effoin, nor any more than one imparlance, shall be Ifowed.

'tyft*w>vmca nevertheless, That nothing herein contained tmiefofoch or be confftued to extend, to inflict the aforesaid wucdtics^ ttihkf'Winy case where any apprentice or apprentices shall he gtolf^lfchjftged before a magittrate or justice of the peace, or gistrate, or*thlfw tutned over from one person to another person, concerned turned over 1 dllfon bf (tit aforesaid (Hheries, to serve the remainder of histo another hwot fbch fhhcries, pursuant to the directions of the said acts sstcrt, n the ere before recited. - Mftherws.

Vlf. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That no tobepauiun mtttty'itfpremiufn shall be paid or allowed by virtue of the der the recit i Nntdi assis, or either of them, in any case, unless there ed acts, unless aft wrnfti'ted In the indenture or indentures of each and Jhe Mmes of £ty 'apprentice or apprentices, who shall be indentured by Sddch rt«l#c^tfce said recited as, or either of them, or who shall apprentices >farite<hjfcr from one person to another, puffusmtto this act, are bound to

t the (erre, be in

648 Anno viedifrrt>norroxjeorohihvc; $4,

ferted in the the name or names of the fhjp or ye(£el, or ships or vessels, on

indentures, board of which such apprentice or'apprentices is or arc bound

to serve''.

This act not VIII Provided auo5 ti}at nothing in tjjis

to extend to or be conilrued to extend, to take away any bounty p$$renuw

out^nd*^ which may become due by virtue, of the said re^itedua3**ar

which" shall either of them, in any case where the ship or hx*

have failed, Iona side cleared out on the iirfiery, and proceeded iran gtffi

before the Britain, before the commencement of this act.

commencement

thereof.

CAP. ltv. //

An act for further continuing an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present m*jesty, entitled, An act for the moree^e* tual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and couoatn g*uk Britain.

Geo. 3. C 77, continued till March ay, 1793.

CAP. LV

, I

An act to continue several laws therein mentioned, relative to the befttf encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain; to the encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off ferrrzf duties on merchandise exported, and reducing other dutiea; to the ree importation of cochineal and indigo; to the prohibiting the portation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, 1*1 printed fn Great Britain; to securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, and charging foreign made sails with a duty; to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets; tofte discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow*he? lard, and grease; to the prohibiting the exportation of took and utenfijs made life of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kioy dom, and to prevent the reducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the fete; i to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by clarke's.hydrometer.

33 Geo. a. C 17. for the encouragement of the making of sail cloth to Great Britain, continued to Sept. 29, 1795, See. t Annas, stat. r.c.i6» recited. From Sept, 29, 1789. the reward given by the recited to be paid for sails exported unless they be stamped before shipping; and if afterwards they are not actually exported, C to be fortei^ed^ So much of 8 Geo. X C 15. as relates to the encouragement of the nit manufactures of this kingdom, and to the taking off several duties da merchandise exported, continued to June 24, 1795* C yoeo. i. CD for the free importation of cochineal and indigo, continued to Sept % 1795, See. So much of zs Geo. 2. C 36. as relates to the prohibit the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first compdfed pr written and printed in Great Bntain, continued to Sept. 29, 1795, C # Geo.. C 27. for the more effectual securing the duties oft facrigo' made sail cloth imported, continued to June 24* 1795, C 'd G. $. 28. so far as relates to the prohibiting the importation of forest wrought filka and velvets, continued to June 14,795* C 7 Geo. C 12. to discontinue the duties payable upon the importation of tyllo*, etc. continued to March 25, 1791, etc. % 6 Geo. 3. C 89. to exten^to other tools and utensils 25 Geo. 3. C 67. for prohibiting tike eipeit^ lion of tools made use of in the iron and steel manufadtoriev, confiajiwl to the end of the next session. So much of 27 Geo, 3. C jr, jb direflt that all Ispirits shall be deemed of the strength denoted by cui^e* hydrometer, continued to the end of the next session.

CAP.

8#.], Anno ^kcfunfi

A

V rui; '' 1 A'' W r TX

w/hxj«.'n njli / '*^'tod

____ j______jv ______ r ir j t.. »./^avjh OJ

if. VI

ulald 31g

i act for explaining and amending an act, peifftd ia the uffjjion ofptthidn^eit, entitled, 1 Ah a^v for rcgutating rhfe; traoe b.c. twwtt df; hi^m4fd^cofdhl^nd pfahtationsir>t'j ±. -

North] Atifrk*, atvd rft: \ht wminaiti lflahd^'darfd the coun'bfcmnging't& the'gfhftid States of Ameriid; and between hvmsfjefl^famtdbjfefts adtf ilie foreign islands in the West

Indies.

«

V HERE AS by an act, pafjled in the twenty eighth year of'preamble the reign of his pnfent Majesty, entitled, An act for re ag 3 lating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's C ionics C $. recit i plantations in North America, and in the West-india islands, countries belonging to the United States of America; d between his majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands the West Indies, it is, among ft other things, enafttd\ That no toco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, yfo*, masts, yards, bowsprits, ves, heading boards, timber, Jbingles, or lumber of any sort; ai, biscuit, flour, peas, potatoes, wheat, rice, oats, barley,

J fort, Shall be imported or brought into any island, un

jf?£jfen?imon of his Majesty, in tfe West Indies (7* <&-

the Bahama islands and the Burmuda or Somers islands aro Imhd, ) from any island in the West Indies under the dominion of \ foreign European sovereign or state, under the penalty of the an f ship or vejjel in which the same Shall be Wfod or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammuni tickle, and apparel; 0«ry tow, custom, ta contrary

Wthfdnding: provided always, 77; j it Shall and may be lawful any (f jbc governors, lieutenant governors, or commanders in fjor.^time being, of any of the said islands in the West lies under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, fb the advice and consent of their respective councils, to authorise ^pk^tacioff of tobacco, pitch, iar ', turpentine, hemp, flax, masts, & % wwfpm* flwes, beading boards, timber, Jbingles, or lumber taff&t \ bttad\ biscuit, flour, peas, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, ffboheft, or'grain of any sort, for a limited time, from any Indies, under the dominion of any foreign euro it t^xelgiy or state, for the Jupply of the inhabitants of the said provided always, that such goods and commodities, so bfrifc id to be imported, Shall not be imported, except by British^_«nifn British*built Ships, by his Majesty's subjects.

to law under the penalty of the forfeiture vfmttttionedzand whereas it was intended, that the Jaidseveral ktgp^herei^before particularly enumerated J allowed to be, im.

'ftffflfndjn the West Indies under the dominion of any r^qpean sovereign or stale, into the said islands in the sunder the dominion .of his Majesty, Should be for (heft of the inhabitants of the island into which the same wore, 'if reafott to believe that, contrary to the ipteu < w qfttr having bun ft imptrud, boot '

been.

650 Anno riccsimo nono Georgii 111. C 56. [17m

him re exported to others of his Majesty's islands in the West I dies; for prevention whereof be it hereby declared and and by the King'* tnoft excellent majesty by and with she tin and coofent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and rrmmm in this present parliament affiunbkd, and by the authority of £ From Jan. i, same. That from and after the (irft day of Jamutry one tfc» if y sand seven hundred and ninety, in case the said article or a] permit ted Cby& f em, which shall have been imported from any ifiaod in he the recited 7 West Indies, under the dominion of any foreign European m act to be im reign or (late, into any of the said i (lands in the Wifi Indiana der the dominion of his Majesty, shall after fqch imporqpoe wethndia* exported, or shall be shipped or laden on board any ship or iqands from vessel, or shall be put on board any boat or other veft^cf foreign West, shall be brought to any quay, wharf, or other place whater, with intention to be shipped on board any ship or vessel far exported, they potion, then, not only the said articles, but also the bid rest! {hali before or boat on board of which the same shall be shipped or bdosi feited with or intended to be shipped or laden, shall be forfeited and lad, tsv< the vessel.etc. gether with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforefry, Exporters of That before any articles which may be legally exported firm from the West^ans n the eft Indies under thejtominton of his Indies to Majesty, and which are of the description or dcnominatiop of make oath ahy of the articles hereinbefore particularly enumerated tod that they have described, whether in their unmanufactured or maaufafturd port^under*atc> or exportation from any of the hid

the authority islands, the exporter or exporters thereof shall make oath, before of the recited the collector of his majesty's customs for the island from whkb aft. such articles are to be so exported (who is hereby authorised

and empowered to administer the same) that such articles, or any part of them, have not been so imported as aforesaid ion the said island, under such authority as aforesaid, from aar island in the Wifi Indies under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or (late.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforeftw, lo^fidfethat^any pcr^on or pcrf°n* whatever shah be convifted of oath to be taking a false oath, touching any of the fads directed or requir deemed ^uil ed by this a St to be testified on oath such person or perfoos b ty of perjury, convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of perjury, zad

shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfoos art liable for wilful and corrupt perjury and shall and may be prosecuted in any court of record in Great Britain, or in anyofhu majesty's courts of judicature in the W Indies. I

IV And be it furtherenacted by the authority afordairs,

By whom for that all and every the goods or commodities, and all ships or

vessels forfeited by this a, shall and may be feiaed by the corn may eiaed. manjct OT commanders of any of his majesty's ship or vessels of war, or any commissioned warrant or petty officer fpeciafly Howpenalties authorised by him or them, or by any officer or officers of ha may be reco majesty's customs; and that every forfeiture and penalty incor vend and ap red by this act shall and may respectively be sued sot, profccoted,

and

**3-1 Artho vfcdgtt^bndf^qborglllh.oki^i^.' £51

i^kfcdfcsets, ill > iifch coum, and by iach and tbtjike mwf*s* %$><»im3m<rtied», 1awi tb product shamofi rcfp»5hvely>4tf ar)aftck 4ppiigtf in fodt tad th«c lfksitntonerv anctdo hof Idee ufm arid purposes, afc anyforfaittireiatcarred y* % c(y«ladw«(fttftii % , The tmenumofi thexiuftonataiaynow.be i(m MS pfbftksuted, twttorewbi difpo(bd»f?oakl applied, either*lili* wbigmamv of ity>wiy of Ms majesty*s (bands tfl the West kafeaftffted^iyt as fclmtfmfe may happen to bet

tiv.tr' n, . In .-*!

\ < \ ic <><. A P LVII

bet regulating the trade of bufwejs of pawnbrokers.

e&^tyr>h<e>'8i£ A She all was passed in Preamble.

\f % pytht'i1rign of\bis(frffentitiaje/lj King George the Third, for »7 Geo. 3. u rune bftgu kiting the trade and bubaefaof. pawnbrokers;

tft abort tn'wntinue in force for me year, from the first day of June tto bbamfimftfehen butidnkd and tigbty ftvenc and whereas an act was t<isffitdmti*laftfejfitn ef parliament, to amend and continue, for a at Geo. 3. lmnfesd amo, thflatove m«ntioned a; uus made to expire 'id.. teaninfirfliia?of nm\thenfand fevtn hundred and

anlat!*t*>end of tit present fefiien of parliament: and whereas h is

expedient that provfitrr.should he thadefor farther regulatings he Ui

fingfinefipawnbrokers: may it therefore pkalfe your Majesty that it mupdaetensded; and be it enacted by the king's most excel jef&imajesty, by and withuahefadvise and consent of the lords fpiotual'ind temporal, and commons, in this present parliament tatibtojbltd; ahdr by the '.authority of the same. That it shall be Pawnbrokers lwwdum*bh» and after, chotend of this pcefent fclfion of parlia allowed to memt^for/ail personstiling and sxercifmg the trade and business towinjrww co pawnbroker to demand^ireceive, and. take, of and from all for profit.ndeve»y: person and perfosaappiying or offering to redeem any goads)or Chattels pawned.or pledged with.such pawnbroker, a ipaofit afar the (following rates, over and abovtrthe principal sum and sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the' aelpafttve pledge or pledges, before any such pawnbroker (half jbbsfbttgcd torerdeliver (the lame 1 videlicet >, .

lupot 'O II .*' --'r*i ^<ier>^very pledge upon which there shall have been Tent any famynott«aceed«ng. two (hiuinge.and fixponce, the sum of one ihatfpcnoy.tlbr any time during which, the said pledge shall re' cmpitftfkpawnt nehexoeeding one calendar month, and the same ifote tnry 'Calendar, month afterwards, including the current month in which, fvob pledge shall be redeemed, - although (bch yfaoshifbtiloot be expired;

, 0 ijur dvefy pledge upon which thyeshall have been lent th.. Shillings, one penny: ft, .

i tlisotcevery pledg^upoq. which the(ejhall have been lent fever

(bbbpgs^md (ixpence, one penny halfpenny: il faitwy pledge rttpon which there shall have been lent ten 'ahrp^eiwo peftoe: '

battvmi^xxvi.. XX

-*>

t Amo vfaesimo nonb Georgii UL C 57; [ 178$.

Fin: ct*ry pledge upon which there shah have been Ifent twelve (hihings add fixfwnce, twopence halfpenny:

Fbr every pledge upon which there shall have bedhfent fifteen shillings* threepence:

For every pledge opoh which there fhtll hare been lent seventeen shillings ahd (ixpende, threepence halfpenny

- every pledge Upon Which there shall hove been lent erne pound; fourpence: and soon procreflivbly* and in proportion for any Turn not exceeding ferry (Billings'''

for every pledge upob which there shall have been lent any sura exceeding forty Shillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, at and after the rate of threepence, and no more, for (he loan of every twenty shillings of such money lb lent, bytbfc calendar month, including the current month; and foin proportion for any fradtionil fain:

Which fan) several (turn (half be taken in lien of, and as a full satisfaction for, all ihtereft due, and charges for warehouse room. Pawnbrokers jj; And be it further eftadted by the authority atorefsid. That ei "*iher in all cases where any intermediate fbm lent upon any pawn os u ' pledge shall exceed the Turn of two fhith'ngs and fixpenee, and ndt exceed the sum of forty Shillings, the person lending the same shall and may take, by way of profit, as aforesaid, at and after the rate of four penct, and no more, for the loan of twenty Shillings by the calendar month, including the current month, as aforesaid.

Limiting the IH. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That In ah profits for cases where the party or parties entitled to, and applying for the 5^!^* redemption of goods pawned, within the fpaceofseven days after the expiration of the first calendar month after the same shah have been pledged, he, (he, or they shall and maybe at liberty to redeem the nine, without paying tiny thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for foe said (even days, or such put thereof as shall then hate elapsed; that in all cases where the party or parties so entitled, and applying n aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first (even days, and before the expiration of the first fourteen days of the second calendar month, he, (he, or they shall add may be at liberty to redeem such goods, upoo saying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half i of another calendar month to the pawnbroker; seat foot in all cases Where the party or parties so entitled, and applying ss aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first fourteen days, and before the expiration of the said second calendar month, it shall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profits! the whole second itiionth; add that the like regulation and re ftriiftion shall take place and be in ftnee in every fuueqaem calendar month wherein application shall be made for redeeming goods pawned.

Pawn to be IV And be it ftirther enabled by the authority aforesaid, entered in That all and every person and perfous who, froftv atid after the books

ijf&gf.] Aitho vicesimo hoho Giotfoil III C sfi

end of this present session of parliament, shall take, by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange of or from any perton or persons wrbomsoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind soever the same shall be and whereon shall be lent any sum of money exceeding five Shillings, shall forthwith, and before he, (he, or they shall or may advance or lend any money upoq such pawn of pledge, enter, or canfe to be entered, in a (air and regular manner, in a book or books to be kept by him, her, or them for that pnrpose, a description of the goods or chattels which he,

Jhe, or they shall receive in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode of the person of persons by whom such goods or chattels are io pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and aho the name and place of abode of tyre owner or owners thereof, according to' the information of the person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same and in all cases where the money lent on any such goods or chattels shall not exceed the sum of five Shillings, such entry shall be made in such book or books, by all and every such person and persons so taking the lame by way of pawn, pledge, or exchange, as aforecaid, within four hours next after the said £oods and chattels shall have been fp pawned, pledged, or exchanged, as aforesaid; and every such person shall, at the time of pawnbrbk the taking of every pawn, pledge, or exchange whatsoever, give° f*to the person or persons So pawning, pledging, or exchanging tbi^spa* the lame, a note or memorandum, fairly written or printed, or td. 8 p in pan written and in part printed, containing therein, in like manner, a description of the goods and chattels which he, (he, or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and alb the sum of money advanced thereon, with .the day of the tnontn and year on which, and the name and" place of abode of the perbn or per fops by whom such goods or chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information afore laid, and upon which said note or memorandum, of on the back whereof, shall be moreover fairly written or printed the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the same? svhiih said note or memorandum the patly and parties pawning pledging, or exchanging the said goods or chattels, foal), and he, foe, or, they is and are berebyjequired to accept and take in all cases, and the pawnbroker shall not ceceive and retrain such pledge, unless the party pledging, or offering to pledge the same (half accept and take such note or memorandum; ant every such note, where the sum lent shall bless than five Shillings, shall be delivered gratis; and where the sum lent (lull be five Shillings or upwards, and less than ten Shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one halfpenny for foe same; and where the sum lent shall be ten Shillings or upwards, and less than twenty Shillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the same; and where the sum lent shall be twenty Shillings or upwards, and less than five pounds, the sum of two

X»2 pence

Gooele

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III c.57. [178g.

pence for the same; and where the sum lent shall be five pounds or upwards, the sum of fourpence, and no more; and which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or <hc shall be obliged to re deliver the respective goods or chattels, except as herein after is excepted.

V And be it further enabled by the authority afore£nd, Penilty That from and after the end of this present session of parlia ag^joft unlaw ment>; f any person or persons shall knowingly and designedly go<ig>then, ng Pawn pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully disposeof the goods or property of chattels of any other person or persons, not being employed or others. authorised by the owner or owners thereof foto do, and shah be thereof convidlcd by the oath of any credible w'rnefs or witnesses, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with such offence, before any justice or-justices of the peace for the county, riding division, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice or justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to admmi her), every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of.tvyenty Shillings, and also the full value of the goods or chattels so pawned, pledged, exchanged, or disposed of, such value to be ascertained by such justice or justices; and in case the said forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties fox: onvi<fted to the house of correction, or some other public prison of the coonry, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offender or offenders shall reside or be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of not more than three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if, within three days before the expiration of the said term of commitment, the said forfeitures shall not be paid, the said justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the application of the prosecutor or profccutors, the person or persons so convicted to be publicly whipped in the house of correction or prison to which the offender or offenders shall have been committed, or in some other public place of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, as to such justice or justices shall seem proper; and the said re fpc<£uve forfeitures, when recovered, (lull be applied towards making satisfaction thereout to the party or parties injured, and defraying the costs of the prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the justice or justices before whom such convhftkm shall be had; but if the party or parties injured shall decline to accept of such satisfaction, and costs, or if there shall be any overplus of the said respective forfeitures, after making such satisfaction, and paying such costs as aforesaid, then such rc fpetfive forfeitures, or the overplus thereof, (as the case shall happen), shall bo paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish or place where such offence shall have been committed.

655

179*j Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 57.

xnitted, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor <rf such parish or place for that purpose''"

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall counterfeit, forge', or alter. Penalty on or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such persons forg note or memorandum as aforesaid, or shall utter, verid^ or sell ^rfeitin«uu- any such note as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, nou; gs forged, or altered, with intent to defraud any person or pertbns whomsoever, every such person shall be punished in manner herein after mentioned, and it shall be lawful for any person or persons, his, her, or their servants or agents, to whom any note shall be uttered or offered, which he, (he, or they shall have reason to suspect to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to seize and detain such person or persons uttering or offerjng the same, and to deliver him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, into the custody of a conftabk or other peace officer who shall, and is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey such person or persons before some justiceor 3udices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if upon examination it shall appear, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the person or persons charged with having committed any such offence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every such case, the faic? justice Or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be imprisoned for any time not exceeding the space of three calendar months, nor lets than one calendar month, at thediferetion of such justice or justices,

And be it further enafied by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any person or persons who shall offer, by way of forpuniftv.ng pawn, pledge, exchange, or sale, any goods or chattels, flail not ?fvrj^nsan^04 be able, or shall refuse to give a latisfadtory account of himfdf, fecoifnt of herself, or themselves, or of the means by which he, file, or they themselves, became possessed of such goods or chattels, or shall give any false on offering to information to the pawnbroker, or to his or her servant or Pfwn B00d8* servants; as to whether such goods or chattels are his, her, or c' their own property or. not, or if there shall be any other reason to fufoed that such goods or chattels are stolen, or otherwise illegally or dandcftinely obtained, or if any person or persons not entitled, nor having any colour of title by law to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or p3wn, shall attempt or endeavour 'to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for any person or persons.

His, her, or their servants or agents, to whom such goods or chattels shall be so offered, or with whom such goods or chattels are in pledge, to seize and detain such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels, and to deliver such person or perforts 'immediately info the custody of a constable or other peace offictft*,

Who (Ml and s hereby required, as soon as may be to'convty*X X 3 such

6^6 Anno vicesimo nono Gcoroii III C 57. [1789.

, such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels Co offered, before fotne justice or justices of the peace far the county, riding, dividon, city, liberty, town, or p^ce, wherein the offence lhafi be supposed to have been committed; and if such justice of justices shall, upon examination and inquiry, have cause to fufpadt that the said goods or chattels were Aden, or illegally or dandeflipely obtained, or that the person or persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the same shall not have any presence or colour of right to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for such justice or juuices to commit such person or persons into fate custody for fuen reasonable rhyme as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the subject, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said deaminations it jthall appear, to the satisfadjaon of such justice or justices, that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandeftindy obtained, or that the person or persons offering or endeavouring so redeem he same hath or have not any pretence or colour of yight foto do, the said justice or justicea is and are hereby authorised and required tb commit the party or parties offending to the common gad or house of correction of the county, ridinz, idivision, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (hast X committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence shall authorise such commitment by hny other law; and where the nature of the offence shall not authorise such commitment by any other law, then such commitment shall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor Ids than one calendar month, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.. mods That if the owner or owners of any goods or chattels unlawfuily unlawfully pawned, pledged, of exchanged, shall make out, either on hi pawnbroker wbcir b r by the oath of any credible witness, or, to refton 1 being one of the people called Quaktrs, by fdemn affirmation, them.'before any justice of justicea of the peace within his or their

'... jurisdiction, that such owner of owners hath or have had his,

her, or their goods or chattels unlawfully obtained, or taken from him, her, of them, and that there is just cause to suspect that any person or pierfons within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justicea bath or have, knowingly apd unlawfully taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any goods or chattels of such owner or owners, and without the privity or Authority of such owner or owners hereof, and shall nuke appear, to the satisfaaion of any such justice or justices, probable grounds for such the suspicion of the owner or owners thereof, fheri, and in any such case, any justice or justices of the peace, Within his or'their jurisdiction, may issue his or their warrant for searching, in the daytime, the house, warehouse, or other place, of any such person or persons, who shall be charged on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have knowingly hr unlawfully received or taken in pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any (ueb goods or chattels, without the privity

of.

?&9*2 Anno vtcctimo nonp Gfosoii IH. C 57. 6^7

f a**'authority from, the owner or owners thereof and if the ingipipr pr occupiers of any house, waipbouse, or other place dpjrem any such good or chattels shall, on oath or affirmation'

jf ejfiye&id, he charged or (bfpeded to he, shall, after the end tf .this present session of parliament, on request made to him,

MT or them, to open the time by any peace officer suthorifed .4 % ?rch there, by warrant from a justice or justice of the peace for he county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or fflacc in such house, warehouse, or otheir place shall be fnuate, refute to open the same, and permit the time to be searched, it shall he lawful for any peace officer to break open any such biopfe, warehouse, or other place in the daytime, and to search, ns le shall think fit, therein, for the goods or chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker, or ot$cr person or persons, shall oppose or hinderany such search; and if upop the search of the house, war»hquse, or other place, " of any such fpfpcdted person or persons as afptctiid, any of the goods 'or chapels which' shall have been so kndwingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as "aforetiid, shall be found, and the property of the owner or pwbdts from whom the time mall have been unlawfully obtained or taken shall be made out to the titisticlion of any such justice or juilicfes, by the oath'of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or if any (uph witness or witnefies shall be of the people called Quakers, by folemtl affirmation, or by the confession of the person or persons charged' with apy such offence, any such justice orjustices shall thereupon canfe the gbods and chattels found on any such search, and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforefsid, to b forthwith reftpred to the owner or owners thereof.

IX And whereas goods end chattelsart pawned or pledged for fettering the payment ofmpney lent there and the profit

afterwards the borrowers, or their repare dejlrous to repay the jarne, and the profit northeast thereon, and make tender thereof to the person or persons with whom the same arefo pawned or pledged jit they are frequently under great difficultitt to get hack the goods and

chattels fa pawned, and are often under a heceffity to commence suits

law for f he recovery thereof, to their great expense: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from Punishlng the and after (be end of this present session of parliament, if any pawnbroker goods or chattels shall be pawned or pledged for during tiny money lent thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal goods to the Ann of ten pounds, and the profit thereof, and f within one pawner, year after the pawning or pjedging thereof (proof having been: made on path pr affirmation as aforesaid, by one or more credible Witness or witnesses, and by producing the note or memorandum' directed to be given by this act as aforetiid, before any justice of. justices, to the titisfa&ioo of any such justice or justices, of the pawning pr pledging of any fuen goods or chattels within the (ttid (pact of one year) any such pawner or pavynels.'who was pr were the real owner pr owners of such good? or chattels at fbe time of the pawning or pledging thereof, 'lus, her, or their

X X + executor -

by

Anoo vicefitao nono Georgii III. C 57. ' [ 1789.

Cxecutort, administrators, or assigns, shall tender unto the period or persons who lent, on the security of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, administrators, or assigns, the principal imoney borrowed thereon, and profit according to the table of rates by this al established and the person who rook such goods or chattels in pawn, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall thereupon, without shewing reasonable cause for so doing, to the satisfaduon of such justice or justices, neglect or refuse co deliver back the goods or chattels so pawned (of any tumour sums of money not exceeding the said principal sum of ten pounds, to th? person or persons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, then, and in any such case, on oath or affirmation as aforeiak) thereof made by the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, or some other credible person, any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the person or persons who took such pawn as aforesaid, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall dwell, on the application of the borrower cr (borrowers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, is and arc hereby required to cause such person or persons who took such pawn, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, within the jurifd'uftion of the justice or justices, to come before such justice or justices; and such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to examine on oath, or folecnn affirmation, as the case may require, the parties themselves, and such other credible person or persons as shall, appear before him or them, touching the premises; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereof as aforesaid, shall be proved by oath or affirmation as aforesaid to have been made (such principal money not exceeding the said sum of ten pounds) to the lender or lenders thereof, his, her, or their executors, adroini strators, or assigns, by the borrower or borrowers of such principal money; his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, within the said space of one year after the said pawning or pledging of the goods or chattels, then, on payment by the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, of such principal money, and the profit due thereon, as aforesaid, to the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, and in case the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, or assigns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on tender thereof to him, her, or them made, by the borrower or borrowers thereof, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, before any such justice or justices, such justice or justices shall thereupon, by order under his or their hand or hands, direct the goods or chattels so pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners thereof, hb, her, or their executors, administrators, gr assigns; and if the person or persons who shall have lent any principal sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of ten pounds, on any goods or chattels pawned, his, her, or their executors,

admini

1

1789.] Ann vicesimo nono gfcorgu 111. C 57. £59

idministrators, or assign, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up or make satisfaction for the goods or chattels which shall be Jo proved, to the satisfaction of fudi justice or justices as aforesaid, o have been so pawned, as any such justice or justices of the 3eace as aforesaid shall order and dire, then any such justice or uftices shall and is and are hcrebv authorised and required tp rommit the party or parties so refusing to deliver up or make 'atisfaction for the same, to the house of correction, or fomc o.hcr >ublick prison for the county, riding, diviiion, city, liberty, town,

)r place, wherein the offender or offenders shall refuie or be ronvicted, there to remain without bail or mainprizc until he, he, or they shall deliver up the goods or chat'els so pawned and rontinuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to the order of uch justice or justices as aforesaid, or make such satisfaction or rompenfation as such justice or justices shall adjudge, reasonable or the value thereof, to the party or parties entitled to the edemption of such goods .or chattels so pawned and continuing edeemable as aforesaid.

X And, to prevent any inconvenience to ter font carrying on the rade and bvftnefs of a pawnbroker, from fevered different persons laiming a property in the same goods or chattels, be it further enacted

y the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the end of this Persons pro present session of parliament, any perfori or persons who shall at duc, n notci iny time produce any such note or memorandum as aforesaid, ^ums^e^med to the person or persons with whom the goods therein specified the owners, were pawned or pledged, as the owner thereof, or as authorised by the owner thereof to redeem the same, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein to him, her, or them, such person or persons shall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, so far as refpefls the person or persons having such goods and chattels in pledge, the real owner and owners, proprietor and proprietors of such goods and chattels, and the person or persons so using the said trade and business of a pawnbroker shall be, and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving satisfaction pursuant to the provifioqs of this act efpe&ing principal and profit, to deliver such goods and chat: else to the person or persons who ftaall so produce the said note )r memorandum to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and ire hereby indemnified for so doing, unless he, (he, or they shall have had previoqs notice, from the real owner or owners hereof, not to deliver the same to the person or persons, prolacing such note, or unless notice shall have been given to him, ber, or them, that the goods and chattels pawned have been, jr arc suspected to have been, fraudulently or felonioully taken or obtained, and unless the real owner or owners thcreot proceeds k proceed in manner herein after provided and directed for the redeeming of goods and chattels pledged, where such note hath been lost, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the owner or owners thereof.

XI And be it further enabled, by the authority aforesaid, where notes That in case any piwnbrokef shall havohad such previous notice or memoran

as dame loathe

66o Anno vksgino none Georgii III C 57. [17!}*

pawnbroker as aforesaid, or in case any such note or memorandum is afon* to deliver a d^all be lost, mislaid, destroyed, or fraud ulently obtained fee

Cupy' the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels met

tinned therein shall remain unredeemed, that thep, and in every such case, the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the (& goods and chattels were so pledged or exchanged, shall, at rht request and application of any person or persons who shall represent himself, herself, or themselves to the pawnbroker as the pwner or owners of the goods and chattels in pledge, ora changed as aforesaid, deliver to such person or pcrions fa rc questing and applying for the same a copy of the pore or memo randum so loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, as aforesaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particular ciraaa stances attending the case, printed or written, or in part prised and in part written, on the said copy, as the same hall be send to him or her by the party applying as aforesaid, for which copy of such note or memorandum, and form of affidavit, ic case the money lent shall not exceed the fucp of ten Shillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one penny; and in case the money lent shall exceed the sum of ten Shillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the like sum of money as he is entitled to reccin and take on giving the original note or memorandum, fed money to be paid by the party applying fpf the same, at the time of making the said application; and the person or pcr&os having so obtained such copy of the note or memorandum, spd form of affidavit as aforesaid, (halt thereupon prove his, her, or their property in, or right to, such goods and chattels, to the satisfaction of same justice of the peace for the county, riding,

, division, city, town, liberty, or place, where the said goods or chattels shall have been pledged, pawned, or exchanged; and shall alfb verify on oath, or affirmation, as the case may be, before same justice of the peace, the truth of the particular dr cumstances attending the case mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation, 'to be made as aforesaid, the caption of such oath or affirmation, to be authenticated by the hand writing thereto of the justice before whom the same shall be made, and who dull and is hereby required foto authenticate the same, whereupon the pawnbroker shall suffer the person or persons proving sech property to the satisfa&lon of such justice as aforesaid, and making such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, on leaving fads copy of the said note or memorandum, and the said affidavits affirmation, with the'said pawnbroker, to redeem such goods nr chattels.

Fawned goods XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

deemed for an goods and chattels which shall be pawned or pledged shall mdofa year.* °ccined forfeited, and may be sold at the expiration of one 1'whole year from the time of the pawning the same; and that all

goods and chattels so forfeited, on which any sum above ten millings, and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have been kot, shall be sold by public au&ipn, but not otherwise, by the order of the person having the faiqc in pawn at and after the expire

Anno vicesimo nono gso&oil III c.57. 661

of the said year; but the person employed to sell such goods ohattels by auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause same to be exposed to p4biicjt view, and catalogues thereof^jsubliflied, and an advertisement, giving notice of such fate, caomaining the name or names of the pawnbroker or pawn cars with whom the said goods or chattels were in pledge, conferred on two several days in same public newspaper,

1$?ys at teaft before the first day of file, upon pain of for ng to the owner or owners of the said goods or chattels, for ry offence in the premises, the sum of five pounds,

lu Provided always, and be it further enac)ed by the au rtey aforesaid. That in case any person or pei Tonnes entitled to on notice aeon goods or chattels in pledge shall, before the expiration of fr0lp persons Aid one year, from the time of pawning the same, give ricf in writing to the person or persons having the same in to sell, three dge, or leave the same'at his, her, or their nfual place of months fur de, not to sell the same at the end f the said one year, then, ajj°"e<* i in every such case, such good or chattels shall not be sold re

disposed of by the person or persons having the same in douption.*rdge, until after the expiration of three months, to be com ted from the expiration of the said year; during which said m of three months the owner or owners of the said goods d chattels shall have liberty to redeem the same upon the rms stipulated and provided by this act.

XIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, hat all and every person or persons to. whom any goods or Account of lattcls shall have been pawned or pledgld, shall, from time to fa, cio''eoter in a book or books, to be kept by him, her or them pawnbrtiers r that purpose, a true and just account of the. sale of all goods qa book; id chattels pawned to him, .her, or them, for upwards of ten linings, which shall be sold as aforesaid, exprefiing the day hen, and the money for which such goods or chattels pawned ere sold, together with the name and place of abode of the j&ioneer by whom the same were sold, according to the information thereof from the auctioneer; and in case any such goods and overplus r chattels shall be sold for more than the principal money and Pq, <1 to coat aforesaid due thereon at the time of such sale, the overplus all, by every such pawnbroker, be paid, on demand, to the ed or sold, erfon by whom, or on whose account such goods or chattels rere pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or fligns, in case such demand shall be made within three years ifter such fele, the necessary costs and charges of such sale being irft deducted; and such person or persons who pawned or ledged such goods or chattels, his, her, or their executors, ad ninistrators, or afligfis, shall, for his, her, or thcirsatisfaction a th; s matter, be permitted to inspect the entry to be made a? aforesaid of every such sale, paying for such inipection the fuuv 0/ one penny, and no more; and to case any person or persons shall refuse to permit any such person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, or Who is entitled to such overplus money, t inspect such pqtry .as aforesaid in any such

book

66z

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 57. [ijij

book or books, such person or persons, if an executor or q tutors, administrator or administrators, or assignee or affigi^ at such time producing his, her, or their letters ttftamouz letters of adminiftfation, or alignment, or in case thegoodsi chattels were sold for more than the sum entered in any fuj book or books, otis any such person or persons shall not tm such entry as aforesaid, or shall not have, bonafide % accordii^j the directions of this act, sold the same, or shall refqfetofaf such overplus upon demand to the pawner or pawoers, hss, hc; i or their executors, administrators, or alsigns, he, (he, ortkj producing such their letters testamentary, letters of admioitb tion, or assignment, every such person or personx so offcad>{ shall, for every such offence, forfeit treble the sum suchgooti and chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to tbeprfa or persons by whom or on whose account such goods or chants were pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrator«to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders good, and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any m justices of the peace for the county, riding division, city, tonne, liberty, or place where the offence shall be committed.

XV And be it further enabled. by the authority aforcw, That from and after the end of this present session of pailiaae; no person or persons having any goods or chattels in pwp shall, under any pretence whatsoever, either by himself, ork self, or by any other person for hifn or her, purchase any tet goods or chattels fc being in pledge with him or her, duringu time the same shall remain in his or her custody, as fob I pledge, save and except at suchpublick auction as aforcuid, ac shall suffer the same to be redeemed with a. view or intentions purchase the same; nor shall any such person taking.or baric; any goods or chattels in pledge, make, or cause to he mao, any contra or agreement with any person or persons offeri; to pledge, or pledging the same, or with the owner or owns of the pledge, for the purchase, sale, or disposition of the fid goods and chattels, before the expiration of one whole year fre^ the time of pawning or pledging the same; nor shall any paur broker purchase, or receive, or take any goods or chattels & pledge of or from any person or persons who shall appear to b: under the age of twelve years, or to be intoxicated with liquor, or purchase, or take in pawn, pledge, or exchange, tbc note cr memorandum aforesaid of any other pawnbroker; , nor buy ay goods or chattels, in the course of his, her, or their trade u business, before the hour of eight of the clock in the forenoon, or after the hour of seven of the clock in the evening, through time for out the year; nor receive or take in goods or chattels by way a

taking in pawn, pledge, or in exchange, before eight of the clock in the

pawns limit forcnoon^ or after n; nc Of the clock in the evening, between Michatlmas Day and Lady Day following, or before seven of the clock in the forenoon, or after ten of the clock in the evening, during the remainder of the year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday throughout the whole year, and excepting cn

the

Pawnbroker not to purchase goods whilst they are in his custody.

Anno vwxsimo nono..georgiiill. C 57* 663

Vtfnings predcding Good Friday and Cbrijlrhas Day; rtor fhz\} pcrton or persons exercise or cfarry on the trade or business £#4tnbfoker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Cbrijimas Day

And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, it, from and after the end of this present session of parlia pawnbrokers t, 'au and every person and persons, who shall follow and to place in f on the trade and business of a pawnbroker, shall cause to view the table stinted or printed in large legible characters the rate of profit ofpro»t8, CC red by this act to be taken by him, her, or them, and also various prides of the notes or memoranda to be given by*her, or, them, according to the rates aforesaid, and an ac it Of what notes or memoranda are to be delivered gratis, of the expense of obtaining a second note or memorandum, rrethe former one ha been lost, miflaid/destroyed, or frau sntly obtained, and place the farfie in a conspicuous part or it of the (hop or other place wherein he, (he, or they shall yon such trade and business, so as to be visible to, and legi by, the persons pledging goods and chattels (landing in the rral boxes or places provided for such persons coming to m or redeem goods and chattels at such (hop.

EVIL And for the bitter manifefling by whom the trade and nefs of a pawnbroker ball hereafter bt carried on, be it further idled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the end pawnbroker's this present session of parliament, all and every person or per" aj?e8 anc. is, who shall follow or carry on the trade or business of a p^cedover xnbroker, fhaftcause to be painted or written, in large legible his door, traders, over the door of each (hop or other place by him, her, them respectively made use of for carryingon that trade and bu efs, the christian and surname or names of the person or peris so carrying on the said trade or business, and the word wnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the case maybe, following the northeast, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every jp or place which shall be (o made use of for the space of one rek, without having such name or names, and the said word, painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by distress and e of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the nds and seals of any two justices of the peace acting within the; spective county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or placehich warrant such justices are hereby authorised and required grant), upotvthe confession of the party or parties, or upon the formation of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath or firmation, as the case may be; and the said penalty, when the \arges of recovering the same shall be deduced, mall be paid half to the informer, and the other half to the use of there aor of the parish or place in which the offence shall be com titted; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such enalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for fuclr ifticcs, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their ands and seals, to cause the offender or offenders to be com litted to the county gaol t>r house of corredhon, there to remain rirhout bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three ca

Jcrwfaf

Penalty on pawnbrokers selling goods

time, or in juring them.

664 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii ill C 57. [r

Iendar months, nor !efs than fourteen days, unless tkuj nalty, and ajl reasonable charges, shall be (boner paid 1 fied.

XVIII And be it further enabled by the authority i That if, in the course of any proceedings before any pdutl justices of the peace, in pursuance of or under thb&, kti before Limited app*ar> or b proved to the satisfaction of the justice orjkfoq upon oath or solemn affirmation, that any of the goods arete tels pawned as aforesaid have been sold before the timeifbari by this act, or otherwifo than according to the dir^£th»saide a, or have been embezzled, or are become or have betato dered of less value than the same were at the time of pledging thereof, by or through the default, neglect, or w miibehaviour of the person or persons to whom the him at so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, admufo tors, or assigns, agents or servants, then, and in any foebok it shall be lawful for every such justice and justices, and he act they is and are hereby required, to allow or sward a rcafant* satisfaction to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels,rcfpea thereof, or of such damage $ and the sum or fuossof ney so allowed or awarded, in case the same, shall not amena the principal and profit aforesaid, which shall appear tq beds any person or perlbns to whom the lame, were so pmgd j pawned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, orafiga, shall be deduced out of the said principal and profit and mil cases where the goods and chattels pawned as a^xecud A have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient ht & pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executes, admkyfrxsn, or assigns, to pay or tender the money due upon the babe, after deducting out of the principal and profit as.aforefiid, k the goods or chattels pawned, such reafpnable fetisfo&ac, a respect to such damage, as any such justice or justices shall oc or award, and, upon so doing, the justice orjuftieps fhas pr ceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their exeat administrators, or aisigns, had paid Or tendered the whole not due for the principal and profit aforesaid; and if thefatisbftrc to be allowed and awarded to the owner orownecsjof feck gm or chattels (lull be equal to, or exceed the prithupai and pro aforesaid, then, and in such case, the person or persons to oboe the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, .pr their actors, administrators, or assigns, shall deliver the goods or chisels (b pledged to the owner or owner's thereof, without best, paid anything for principal or profit in respect thereof, and fiul atfo pay such exeels, if any, to the person or, perlbns entiw thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered zl applied in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XIX And be it further enabled by the authority afordd Pawnbrokers That k shall be lawful for any justice of the peace, upon coo "*plaint made to him on the oath or affirmation of one prmcr

credible witness or witneflesj where any information shall bete tgamft any pawnbroker for having offended against this act, a

itfpd

so produce their books when necessary.

Gobgle

89.] Anno vfcfcsimo nano Georgii III C 57* €65

fycdlmg Arty dispute between any pawnbroker and person hav g pawned goods, dr the owner or owners of goods pawned, or fpedting any felorty or other matter, or on any other occasion hatsoever, which, in the judgement of any justice or justices,

All make the pfodudtion of any book, note, voucher, or other iper necessary, which shall or ought to be in the bands, custody, r pirtwer of arty pawnbroker, to summon such pawnbroker be mri him, to attertd, with all and every or any book, note, ouchcv, be paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his r heir eoftbdy or power, relating to the same. Which he or she is ereby required to produce before such justice or justices in the Arethe same Was ot* were made at the time the pawn or pledge was eceived, withbut any aiteration, erafement, or obliteration whatever; And in case such pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to tttertd, or to produce the lame in its true and perfedf state, fuel ttwtibroker shall, in case he or she doth hot shew good cause fof uch neglect or refusal, to the satisfaction of such justice or ju tices, forfeit the sum of ten pounds for the use, and to be levied n the martrret, herem after mentioned.

XX And be R further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case any pawnbroker shall, from and after the end of n

this prefect ftffion of parliament, in any wise offend against this Ending* act, every ftch pawnbroker shall, for every such offence, if) against this neglecting to make or cause to be made, in a fair and regular att. manner, in stich book or book as aforesaid, any such entry as it inquired toi>e made by him, her, or them, by this act, forfeit the sum 6f tert pounds; and for every other offence against this act, where ho forfeiture or penalty is provided or irapofcd on any particular br fpecifkk offence against any part of this act, the sum of ftve pound; And that all forfeitures incurred by aqy offence committed against this act shall and may be levied by distress and file of the goods And chattels of the offender or offenders, by watrartt under the hand and seal or hands and Teals of any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, diviffon, city, liberty, towrt, dr place where the offence shall be committed; and it shall be lawful for theiuftice or justices to award to the parry tttthpfaftring, out of the said penalty, the sum of two pounds and ten billings, and the remainder of the aforesaid penalty or penalties, Wot bthferwife'difpoftd of and applied by this act, to be paid and Applied to and for the use of the poof of the parish or place Wtfeffe the bflfence shall have been committed, and hall be paid "Co theovetfeers of the poof Of such parish or place for that pur

j xxf. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Limitingtbe Pterion Or perlbns shall be subject or liable to any prosecution or Pro

Hrtfbfrrtitiort before Any justice or justices of the peace by virtue of this act, for any offence or offences against this act, uolefs infor llttfirtoft (hah bd given of such offence or offences within twelve l&lendlr months next after the offence committed.

W XXII Artd be it further enabled by. the authority aforesaid.. 'That the churchwardens and overfeeds of the poor of any parish aens^&^to j'" or Profcciste, Ac.

666 Anno vicesimo nono georgiiiii. C 571 [ 1789,

or place where any offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any pawnbroker again ft this act, or same or one of such officers, at the drferction or direction of any justice of the peace, on having notice from such justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, fha If, and they, 'or tome or one of them, to be nominated by such justice as aforesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute every offender fort every offence foto be suggested by such justice to have been committed against this act, at the expense of the rtfpeftivc parish whereof*they or he are, is, or shall be, for the time being, such officers or officer.

XXIII Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or pef fofts whomsoever, who shall lend money to any person or person whomsoever upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum interest, without taking any further or greater protit for the loan oir forbearance of such money lent, on aoy pretence whatsoever.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Justices not to That no see or gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or re

CC vc by any justice of the peace, or his clerk, or by any person whomsoever, for any summons or warrant, or other proceedings whatsoever, to be granted or made by any juaicc or justices of thfe peace in pursuance of this act.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the provisoes, regulations, and clauses contained in this present act, shall, from and after the end of this present section of parliament, extend to and include the executors, administrators, and assigns, of all and every deceased pawnbroker, in the same manner as the lams extend to and include the pawnbroker when living, save and except that no fufti executor or administrator of any such deceased pawnbroker shall be tnfwerable for any penalty or forfeiture personally, or to be

!aid out of his, her, or their own moneys or eft*te, unless the ame shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own ft or neglect. i

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, he sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by. him, her, or them done or executed in pgrfuance of this act, or of anj chose, matter, or thihg herein contained, such person or perlonsmy General issue. plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have double costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXVII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority fnhabitaptsof aforesaid, That in all actions, suits, informations, trials, and any place other proceedings in pursuance of this act, or in relation torany fence com matter or thing herein contained, any inhabiunt of the parish,

toon,

Act not to ex tend to persons lending money at 51. percent, without further profit.

or gratuities for acting tin der this act.

This act to extend to executors, see. of pawd brokers

J ^noo; Vicefitno noner Georgii III C 57. 667

V n which any offence or offence (hull btcoja Mltteri deem

jtjqptrvy 10 the true intent and meaning of thi* a, (lull1t5°2, kt*nt £tted to give evidence, and shall be deemed competent w e C # riotwithftaridifig his, her, or their being ao inhabitant Tk afrit ants of the parish, town, or place wherein any such icip or pfferices shall be supposed to have betn committed;

'vm. And be it further enacted by the authority afore i^u\.that the justice or justices before whom any pcrlon (frail£<*onvj<sted, in manner prefenbed by thiyafl, shall cause such pfee^ivc convitfion to be drawii up in the form or io die effedfc cwlowing; (that is to say),

den 0/ Form of Coo

_ of his Ma -i&oha

Jess reign % A. B. is utivified btfore, of his

Alai -'** - ' .....

BE it remembered That bn this in the

maj{/ly s justices of the peace for the said county of or j for the riding or divifien of the said county of

or, for the cityf liberty, ot town of as the case shall happen to be] for and the

said do adjudge him [or her] to pay and

forfeit for the same the sum of

Given under

the day and year a/orefdidi

Add the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be fradt shall cause the same, so drawn up in the form aforesaid, to fre fairly written upon parchment, and transmuted to the next general or quarter feflipn of the peace to be held for the countyf tiding, division, city, town, liberty, or place wherein such. con vij&ion was had, to be hied and kept amongst the records of the far<jlgcp4{ai or quarter session > in case any pci ion or persons so convicted shall appeal from the judgement of the said justice or Justices to the said general or quarter session, the justices in such general or quarter session are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the directions of this a, any law, custom, or ufa^e to the contrary notwithstandingj and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereof, in pursuance of this a.

XXIX Provided always, and it is hereby forther.enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person convicted of any offence or appetl offence punishable by this a & shall think him or herself aggrieved by thp judgement of the justice or justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal tq the justices at the next general or quarter section of the peace, which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, ut^ty^tp'wn, or place, where such judgement shall have been givfrj; and that the execution of the said judgement shall in such case see suspended, the person so conyidted.entering into a recog aiitmceat the time of such copyidlion, with two sufficient sure

Yy*tics,

J

669 Adoo vkesimo^fkono'gbororili.c* 5$^' [1789; r

ties, indoulble the dim which such perfbnftill h*rei>den*4. L u judged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to profctute such api pent With eflfest, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement 1 and determination of thi justices in their said ndxt'getkrai c*' 1 quarter fcflion, and to pay such costs as the hid justices in I session shall award on such occasion, which recognisance the 1 foid justice or justices before whom such conviaion shall be had I is and are hereby empowered and Acquired to take; and the | justices in^the said general or quarter session are hereby authored and required to hear and ft natty determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such Costs as to them (half appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party; and if, open the hearing of the fiid appeal, the judgement of the joftfee or jaffc* ces, before whom the appellant fhsl have been convtded, fital be affirmed, such appellant shall immediatdr pay the foo which he or she shall have been adjudged to rorfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the said general or quarter fef fion shall award to be paid for defraying the expenses (Wtamed by the defendant or defendants in Rich appeal, or in ddfaalt m malting such payment shaft fufftr the respective pains and penalties by this a inflicted upon persons tefpedlively who im neglect to pay, or shall not pay, the respective fonts Of forfeitures by this act to be paid by or imposed open perfotts ttfjptc* tively who shall be convicted by virtue Of this act. 1j?

XXX And be it further etia&ed by the authority Publickatf. That this acts shall be a public atft; amt bejudictfhy teken

notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other pcrftmv whotnsoever, without the same being specially pleaded. '*'

XXXI And be it further enabled by the authority afbre coutinuaacc feid, That this adfc shall be in force for one whole yeat, eo of this act. from thence to the end of the then next sessions of parivamnt}

and no longer. V '

CAP. LVIII V"'

An act for better regulating and ascertainfhg the importation/id exportation of corn and grain; and also for better regulating tie' exportation of larch, and the importation of rape seed. '

1, O "1. »4 V

*117 H £ REAS, by an ait in the twenty first year of. the.

II Geo. 3. V reign of his present Mojejif, (entitled, An act for tether C 30. recited, regulating and ascertaining the importation and exportation of com and grain, within several ports and place therein: mead oned, ) ttrtain rules end regulations ere established after taming

the common average prices of, wheat, rye, pettfi, bum,

barley, malt, beer, bigg, and oats, at the market. called Tfo Corn Exchange, within the city of London, with, tha Intent and sir the purposes therein mentioned: and whereas it it bfuibe jmfrea directed and provided, that the common prices of Engtifo rae I grain, of the said several forts refpt&'ntely, as worn witbutfiiddty of .London and port thereof, as at or in tha several temm^flam,

and ports within the counties, of kcm te&e&xn xabertmfarmot

tin

17sftj Anno victfsimo mo no Guoium III

wjbtr&af of tbofind fever eft sorts refpettive/y/ml or may baim* pw$r#ail* for ibt purpose of regulating tbt duties payable <and to VA; 4«^ importation thereof and the bounties payable and to ho paid m fbt> eppartatmjbanof, be made therefhr k depend upon and fo(&t*nfd' h the prises of the said severalforti /'brirish torn and grpk nfpeuively* os tbt ijomt Ml be afurtaiaed within the city of, '

London by tie. pravifious in the said afi contained: and whereas the said recited act requires amendment, explanations and alteration»and it will he beneficial to the public that proper powers and provi jim be ijisbiijbed for. regulating the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within the jtveral ports and places within that part c/qt^v Britain called Kuglaad not comprised in the said recited act % qnd in the town of Berwick upon Twefti: may it therefore ptafa ypvr Majesty that it may be eroded; ami be it enacted by, fti)e sting's most excellent majesty by and with the advice anduconsent of the lords fpiriutal and temporal and commons, ia ^isnpresent parliament aflembjed* and by the authority of thcr/ame* That (o much of the bud recited act as relates to So modi of by lot two corn fa&ors* and as requires their ptrfona) recited act ai appearance at the court of general quarter sessions, for the put' rate ioh pofef inrtbe said recked ad contained, iball be, and the same is sot "com hereby repealed and that indead thereof every corn factor, factor, and frofl^whem.any eetum is required by the said act, shall within requires their one calendar month next after the passing of this act, or within app5arance.^ ooefjdetnhr month from the time he shall begin to deal by cqmrtdffiaa in the sale of corn and grain take the following pealed; 'and oatly, or (being one of the people called Quakers) affirm*fnstead there videlicet of com factors

are to take

I. AB. dfc swear for affirm, ] That the returns of the prises and ^lowid* fwtntitieo, of jbritish corn and grain, which henceforward ball be bp or for me sold and delivered, hall) to the hest of my knowledge and belief contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the corn bona side sold and delivered by or for me within the period to which they hall refer, with the prices and names of the buyers refptflively, and, to

the hest of my judgement, conformable Soothe directions of an act, puffed in the twenty sir ft year of the reign of his present Majestyi entitled, An act for further regulating and ascertaining the importation and exportation of com atod grain, within the several pods mnd planes therein mentioned.

which oaiu or affirmation the lord mayor of the city of London

forahc tjwtc being is hereby empowered and required to admi

ruder and to grant a certificate thereof, to be registered by the

inspector of corn returns j and in case any person shall carry on

tb^tiiadc or 'bnfmefs of a corn factor without taking the said

oath agreeably to the direction of this act, every such person

shall forfeit a*ki pay the sum of fifty pounds, td be recovered by ti penalty of

warrant of dt&efii and hie and applied in like manner as the jol.

acnafoefc'and forfeitures imposed by (he said recited act arc

herein dtrefied t bo recovered, levied, and applied.

Y y % II And

o Amw> vfcefraw $8. £*7 % .

infpeaor of II andutbertps that Mw tf#*.**# fm" and hcompuy, nnltftphptrjm dtaliti, as f&fdqw amuhqged y fromrwt rt^*rtiutr rtfptflimatmuntsm tbtsofptffortfypft r/<«r»u.bq* corn factor ia therefore on»#ed»that, tfeq iafpeftqr ofeomretorus for the Lond, anl type, being frail aadi waydemand, take, «>4, rei*we, and l^wm^rn ftoan^vwry.pwlpo whodopsor my hereafter carryopi tfsc, trade of tlje cornrb P<* cwi.fadfof in the city 9t ia, the sob

brought into Whs thereof, true weekly account or return of ^hejpseral the Thame* quantities. of COTA ojf grajn that shall be brought intothc riftr ?lft*£ld of Thomas t eaftwarrf of London Bridge of the cefopdtive forts^mm* Bridge whichww*.io tlw before jwfodjift) by bint W fdticw and deli wa loid by w<d during ftp preceding wqekj in which wppkly return him during frail he inferred the. price py quarter, and the amount of.eyey the preceding pareel, with the total quantity and value, of each class, a*aik> wefk* ilienamoor naoaca of thepurchaser orpurchasers thereof j: the

fhich return fid weekly accounts .or return to bechasgpd wifr. the.fati af ed withon?" 9oe halfpenny for every I aft or tea quartans contained j$t them, halfpenny for and be delivered to the infpedtor of corn returns a the Carp every last cm change, or sent to hi office within the time limited by. t he said tainedthere repjted as.; .;

, n', III Aid inherent thtfum of one halfpenny every Ufa yiffqper

ters*. dirtied by that hid raisedtht tvmnty frfiyyn ^tfiprmge tf his prtftnt mojito*to be and rtyivtian pay

sold and.delivtrtd, hath bun found tnfufficim rmpbupefa. fhp proprietors

of the Corn Exchange the oppepcesthortly*m on them j and as it is reasonobh that all joretgn urn and, grain,*

that, delivery thereof out of tbo ip which they jfrpju, ho, imported,

Should be liable to duties or chap get*- as well as up; f andjgnppi Foreign com of British growth; be .it therefore ponded. That all wtreigneorn to be charged and: grain, . ( When; deliver«dput of any frip or ships io the pop penoy "or of London, frail be charged with one peony for cvpry Ufror every bit, to tea quartefp, and that, it frail be lawful for the jncpcdaref be paid by the own returns, to demand, collect, and .receive the famefroua caph faaoror iman every corn fadort or importer of com, on whole account todebver an ^uch foreign .corn or. grain shall be delivered outqfthe (hipor account frips in which the (ame frail have Jbpen imported apd thar the thereof to the corn factor or importer frail deliver q full and trap acpppnt.nf inspector the quantity of. the said corn or grain to the com infoc&of, after unthip wi, ha 0° week^fter the delivery thereof from the fhtp. or pmg. V ship } the infpedtor of corn retuma may be paid fwchaa Com infpec additional salary of any sum not exceeding eighty pounds, for may be annum more than he is at present allowed, as the lord may?, paid an act alderinenr od justices of the peace, at any quarter fcfkons held "salary ff He city of London, shall order and dire, opt <^thp\nm|iw that frail be conedied and received by virtue o thifi V

IV And be it further enabled by the authority aforpfaid. The overage That the general average price of British com or grain fotnetdjy prim.formed formed, computed, and diftfnguifred, on the wboleflppvb*r of weekly re weekly dates or returns, . shall be taken and deemed flfthp^and

turn, to be so have been, the common price of middling Brififo fm deemed the, grain, of the «fpe<fuve fors thaeintmpn«owd, ifk. aqo. duriag

the

by

^nnb u^nrt6<fl^g*ollir lh. G. 6yx

Wd gfencril avcng* prim ftlatf refety as commoaprice frahswihifi trfe dty"df iandttr, and port thereof, as within the fc^tvai phrts1, Tdwm, and places within the counties of £$/*> Londtfh, tftnrj an<f tsk^}.*v irtiafeift fotfcigti corn'or graht'of the f»td t fc(tb*, Kent, 'mftivc'ftjrt^ htay he irttported1; Mud which frid general average andsetrx. Wtii'ft Wall be lawful'f«lr th fiwihm, d tnayor, aldermen, and Average'' bfticfctof the pteaet of (Mid for the said city, and they are hereby pubffrhed In e^aifed to catrfe to'be puwhhed in the 'London &daart//, once in the Gaoette, rath dfihcfoufseveral wifcks iinmediatelyfireceedmig fuehfelbons efphdiweiythe expeh!tdsw<hdneh''pobneation(han and may be'"' said irtit of any af' the ttlbhih in'thdtlfcndi of the said infpcaot >pk?drnrtk\mis, byvirttte ofjtftfc fald'wched aft; and also iiw n, .ocr^1, d neffiawto eertity tlttf fcidi^uttto hls majestfs eotteflt)rv<* jthet^cwef officer of the custewisfbrthe time befog for the port tuftoms in )f the' Rid CI ry Of London, Who than thfereopew ttanftnif ucepy London, who n 'sbjii^lbferedf to the feterel eolleifior^artd Otherchief officers* totranfmit ifhw 'ckjihsttn for rfcetvme being', redding' in the several ports, collec owtm; bi"pl*ces within the' said counties of Essex, Kent., and torsat the forcigrt corn'ot grain of the same respective sorts port in

0 certified may be imported, a copy of which certificate shall kfk*. ^ent» iefhihg'np rn'some publklt place in thecustom houses thereto whenforeign jdbftgir^, 't which all persons may resort for their information; corn may be ind wheft'ever it Ihsrlli ppeaf i from such returns to poblished, or imported.

d cmiflbfi asiifonisaid, that the prices of all dr any of the for When, from icnfl'kfwhsofgtain in the said rfedtdd aft enumerated are at Or theretarna.it ibdw^uiisf refptftive prides Tpecified in an act, passed in the appear, hirwerttn ycii^ offiis ptefent majesty's reign, (entitled, An k[ndo° g*rafn

1 R'iffegume the iftipdrtotion and exportation of corn, ) then, and enumerated n fudh Case, it fifah be lawful to import, at any port or place the recked ahef^fcofrrittth'bcfcwufuafiy, or may be imported, within the '*{* is thor

rity of H'tridori and pbrt rtiereds, and'the said counties of kjfen, on^fpedfied kew, ati\w&uflix?aamiich 'species of corn and grain as shall be in 13 Geo. 3. b tfetfhwd to be at or above foeh rate as aferefeid, upon paye 43. it may Wfrtt bf dirties commortly called or known by the name of k!n?pol1^d M l.o&[t)atift % and she dutiesand customs payable and to be essex, Kent aforesaid, on the importation of foreign corn or grain of andsu(tex, on hfclfeybr£lt6rts therein mentioned, shall becolledtad and paid payment of esdrding'to such general average p/ioes (6 pubushed in the Jow \(fnhk cwt#ie, or To certified as aforesaid, and by no other rule, d, tlc, eglifaubh, or provision whatfs^ver, anything in this or the id saw recited a, or any other law or statute, to the contrary beftofttvaitywife notwithstanding*

by tbo aid netted act of the twenty first year fhai fYifeki Majijlf i reign, it is enacted, That the bounties balle said w anybritish com exported, according to a subsequent re

'tni^kjbbtitby 'mdnvthietuies and delays have arisen to the export rt f bdit therefore ena^ed^ That the said infpector of corn re Inspector of irfhij£bwh^ry week, send to his majesty's collesor or other f0 returns fiiefbffifcet*^tfr thettiftoms for the time being, for the city of codec£>rof .Mbntvid port thereof ( who shah thereupon transmit a copy the customa r tbpit^thcic^to^hd^vtral colleaors or either chief oflkera in London, .

Y y j ofmhoigtq

67* Amw vtcfcfinto rtono georoiiiil £f7*9

transmit 6f rite euftwas for the time being in the <**'ptotq. ttmm.

copies to the and places, within the counties of Efftx, and

collectors in week's accdunt which by this act he i directed don koto'mmi.

ndsoffe*1' nct bef°rp mentioned j' and whenever any bri^trx^m

the week's' fhalf be exported from the said city of and p«>nt rhertift,

account he is 6r from any port, fohn, or place, within the (hid eotmator W

directed to ejfrx, Kent, and sttjj&e, the entry for exportation may bo made,

and the bounty thcreoh shall be aftertainod, regulated, I paid, 19 to be the ... [.., . ar, 7 r 7*

guide for the according to the weekly average of the price of ajcii corn sod

bounty to graih within the said city and port, s the same shall appear

be paid oq from the accounts hereby directed to berranfautted to fforfeid

owof corn co^e^or or °*hcr chief officer of the customs refpednvdy, by

C*the said infpetffor of corn returns, until a new average fbahte

so formed and transmitted to such collectors or other chitf-aft

cers, and by them received.

VT. And whereas the term of three months limited by the feu recited act, hath been found to be too tog for property afcercnimikg the average prices of corn and grain (except oats) for the pnrpofieef determining the expediency of allowing the importation thereof at the port London, ovd the Jcveral ports and places within thetotniiei ^elsex, Kent, andsuflexi be it therefore farther enacted hr From Not. t, the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fsrft dayof ioccto^of** ^<mm^rr onc thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, the>in« cura returnt fpe<^or of com returns for the time being shall and may, and he to make up is hereby required to make up, compote, and distinguish from from the 6 and upon the six weekly accounts immediately preceding each counts re anc CVCI7 of the peace to be held for the said city of

ceding each London, which he is by the said recited dt directed and required fdftons of the to keep, the general aggregate quantity/and price thereof of peace for each refpeflire forr of Bntijh Corn or grain (oats only excepted) enc^a^ at appear to have been bona side sold or delivered in and gregafequan during the said six several weeks, and 0lfo the average prices tity and price thereof respectively; and the lame being made up, formed; and of corn (oats computed in manner and form by the said recited act presented inth^riolf or <luarterty rctufnv by him required to be made, ihordeti

etc*to l°rc* mayor aldermen, and justices, of the

the peace to be held for the city of London, wheneterfteh sessions shall be held, and shall also verify the same upon oath in such and the same manner as by the said recited adfc is pre feribe'd.^.i.

For the por* Vlf. And be it further enacted, That, for the purposesbete posts of this by intended and herein after expressed, the several enaftitoc timecoimtves coum, JS Within that part of Great Britain called England ftwfcbc to be divided Chided into diffridts, in the following manner; (thtf STW (by, ) into the dif the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge fhktf be ttte first d&rifl; tricts he rein the county of Norfolk fhafl be the second «4iftef&; rtw fpecihcd. finish and York fhaff be the third dlftrits;

Durham and Northumberland, ind she towfo'ftwetd, shall be the fourth dirr^ th fffrfrtesriafocmblettod and jvtftmorefarjy(faw' bfc the fifth Obltmfrrof

lancajltt andthrjttr fiteh be htehiafclfiiihof

flint,

&3

^/uiocrrtocfoiiobonog^ohrafflilk e.

jrhmtj Denbigh, Anglefta, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, Ono^ be >the seventh diftrkft; the counties of Cardigan, Pembroke, Car..

shall be the eighth dicti 5 the cqun >t'»s of Ghutester, Aomerfet, and Monmouth, and the city and county of the city of b*ifl*l, shall be the ninth diftrus; the counties of Devon and Cornwall shall be the tenth diftrhft; and she counties of Dorset and Hants ihau be the eleventh.district; act) that in the several counties forming the districts herein. before enumerated, shall, for the purpqies of this act, be included and be oonfidered as part thereof, all such several cities, towns, or places, within the said several counties, as are eotmtie* of themselves, or as have or enjoy an exempt or peculiar jurisdiction; and the justices of the peace for the Justices at the Jecera) and respective counties, at the general quarter fefii Michael

ons to be held after the feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next aum

, 'Cnfuingj shall select and nominate a number of principal market ber of prin towns within each county or riding respectively, (such nutnhpr cipal market not being more than twelve, nor lese than eight, and so as in no diftrfei the number be left than eight, except as hereinafter is excepted, ) from which towns foto be nominated, and from having peca rwhich several cities, towns, or places, being counties of them liar jurisdic foives, or having or enjoying an exempt or peculiar jurisdi&rtn, don, the ond^being seaports, the price of corn for such county, city, f^each town, or place, shall be taken in manner hereafter directed: cqunty shall provided always. That in such counties where there shall not betaken.

- be four market town; the prizes of corn for each such county hait be taken from every market town within the same.

- vuit Provided always, and be it further goacted, That in Two marketi'that part of the third district which consists of the county of f9jj.the

- Turk, two markets for die east riding, and two markets for the C

north riding, shall be selected and nominated for the purposes north riding of this act by the justices of each refpediye riding; and also, ofyorkshire ftliat in the fifth, district, confiding of the counties of Cumber to be selected. land and Wejlmoreiand, it shall be lawful for the justices of each "

tfcspective county to fcieck and nominate such markets for the West more,

, of this act, as they (lull think fit, provided the nun land such a her does not exceed four for the county 0/ Cumberland, and two number as for the county of Westmoreland.

IX And be it further enacted, That the said justices in their notexceeding said quarter sessions a (Tern bled shall, and they are hereby autho four for the 6 - rifcd and required to appoint, from amongst the cbiet confta former, and*fcks, or such other perjtons as to them shall, appear more expe the

4koft, within their respective jurisdictions, one or more person nuart'cr orpersons, refiding within or near each and every of the towns ons to api

_________________ CA 1.. _ i__fr.

fofcledted and nominated as aforesaid, tocolledt weekly an ao point persons

...................>lle£t

cooat of the prices and quantities of corn and grain in such to c?jle<a town or towns, and the person or. peridot foto be appointed rountsofeorn fbatlbs called lnfp*&tr or Infptftots tfjof and grain at the several '

'towns receptively and the said iotpedtors ihaji duly and towns fosse. regularly, return, in every week, to the receiver of com. returns ledted, who epptiswdhy virtue of au act, passed in the tenth year of his >: \ Y y 4 present

reeeiw of com return, on penalty of sol.

and frujftnit

duplicates to the collect or oftbecuftouu at the port within their respective. V pjftrjcis., |,

No mill, ft, to be aaiti*: tfpe&or.

Inspector may be dtf cbaige^.,

Vtcaacin maybe lucd up by Ueo jofticc*.

Ttrfpecton to take the fpl towing

o*tbf

an/tft v^chmoi nmooeotmi^ttlb^jaon A

prefect V Amatlfer nrfefteutujftb^ftium

at ' % ubitk xrru is sold ttv the several tsantrrs of? Or cut brttaia, and the ^uantit^etfpotted and, imparted, < the weetol ppr kpmi qmzoo» tief com tad gramme, onpamofaridtufgv tmqfle»e*yxtgk& therein, the sum often pounds; which rerqrns shall be lodged with, and remain in the custody of, the said receiver of corn re turn, for the pnrpofes xxf this islj and the inipedtoraor mljmp tors of the prices of coin and grain aforesaid ifeau alloretan duplicate pf(wch \*eabiy>|mgeaof com .and grain to rbe ceucb toros oriierhic£office* laifithearvftomss; atau the porta within itheif recpc£uvcidiftai£t<; and aacbbceme&wor other riwcf ofr ca^fq a copy ithcacaf so km hang^wpin linaiopubkd dlaje in theevtf otn jboufartthereaohcbng^niu^ tofoviteiar atifpejv Ipat may freely >refortr provided always That for, tperchaot* clcak^agsw, or other person buying com*far Ale, Jhali be capable of' being, appointed mar taf aehngao an^ia fpc^or vndec thtat aft; (god' that the Aid jufttdbocfcadlohair* power to difoharge any infoeaor or infpei^rouppibawmiiorat* be appointed as aforesaid, for mifoehaviaar or negledk* omcott -- plaint being made before them, oruoath, by one or Oaote crtc dible witness or wiinestes, which oatbtikh'fuftkeabose Jnsrehf authorised to administer: provided also, Thafip loafed at?ah?"' death discharge, orrchgnsiion of any such infpediu^rundfad.^ tors of the prices of com and grain in the fever a I diibidsfr: fiull be lawful 10 and for two iuibcc* of the peace actio^s'or ha division where such vacancy mall happep, to pointa taand j proper person or person in the room or plate of such'itnitedtar or infpedlors lo dying, or tefigning as aforesaid; wiiirfedxidm fpedoror »nfpe#of$, ?o to be appointed, ihamta&in thcckcouticw. of the duty appointed by this act, until the then jiextjgcneni qua i ter akiun*of the peace after the appoint men tm made, i X And so H further enabled by the authority afoedaed. That every persona pppimed infpctf orof the price of command gnats as aforesaid frail, previous to his taking upon him the said office, take and subscribe, before two justices of the peace ferr the town, county, or divifido, wjiegc^such infpofhar shall>rcidcf the following oath (or, beipg of the people called jgjutiers* affirm; } videluet*

'*', . _ r 1 VS

I A. B. do Jiueetr, or affirm, ] That I totilat all timer mate im and trut return to the receiver of torn returns appointed tree be appointed by virtue of an o puffed in the tenth par ofdbi& frtjcue Mojtftfi reign, (entitled. An act for regdlering; the prieex ar which corn is (bm hhc fevecah counties of Great Britainyuud the quality exported and imported, ) of the weekiptfuamiemuai prices of comand grain at the market hold at^d*oi^r ouotdiat ta the otcitattdehverjd te mehyxhe ftoewl^ buyers ef torn and grain at the fold mar he; and that I vvodofcmy hest endeavours to procure true atmantt tf fath yaumus > and*penes, from fnth begets, amu all thiugt, t+the hest of and fttdp*

tnttdj Q tvformbk M) (fa etfipajfeim^&sot^ '

t ninth

aaa#vkdi*lormi(»<lkoit(nrlilbdy^a 675 "

tftjmfof Mi mtjtflfkinggeorge Thirdt^.'.".

tk+ faata^l far better regulating and aicertaiwing tbeiftipef., , !

pmuuprl.exportation ot cmnao4gnun > and ahb twbetterre> '

— ipg<t>a?»3ipakatton atstarch, and the importation of rape 1 ag^bu III .'1 tii'.' '-.. t t

yt iii(>j K'. - II**» r vv

wb^lfo thatcvpry such infpefiqr of the prices qfeerrt1 a rid grwrt suohtiiuse* ... tilrckuly and regularly enter in a. book or books tfr be provided r 1

dhept for that pttrpose, the several accounts of tbet|i«mfties account''prices of corn and grain received by him from the respective the quantities yera. and of the retnma made of ihereotvbridtranfrnrtted by and price of. oam lbe hid receiver of corn tetania in l*ndm\ wfdch^l^id ^ cmaaita, book or books, and remrm^ihau notbe made public. l«.j^j^' '(bewaby the said inspector, or by his privity or eohferrt, fotunn.nukle o

1 jv*

In''*!

bachfuch inspector (hau reside, uniter the penalryand forfeiture proper'though foqn of twenty pounds. - i VI ." °; 8n penalty of

XL And be it further enacted by the buthdfivy 'oftfrilaw: 1*1,

'baa the said receiver of corn returns fhdly and he it hereby'receiver of qtufed or the first day of Ftbmary, the frrft day lof '/wiif, "(he, '^orn rewhis^ ritday oi.augufty and the wy yean, to make up,

pon the bit six weekly accounts or retutna by him: mfuant to the dircdions of thiffaft, 'immediately precwtr^|^crai Wrc.* ncfad tdjpe£uve periods, the general aggregate quantity and f each refjpedtive sort of Britishcorn and grain (foats exc^p^d)^), corn hat shall appear po have been bona fiit sold or delivered, fh tfmf; lmd grain; luring such six weeks, withineach refpeditive \vhich1a

ccoont he is by this act required to receive and Writer hi a book

r books to be provided for thatpurposejandin like mariner thb general aggregate quantity and cost of all oatl5 ihati ftftlf^p^jf r '

ihe la ft twelve weekly accounts or returns preceding fudi*'

grinds to have been so sold or delivered within* each refpefwir10 iiftrid; and such accounts ibeing so made up forthwith to trartf 'ahd to trans muavcopy thereof, jcogecherwith a general^efage erf the pricei^*^c°py of each respective Ipecies of corn and grain computed th^efrim^yhe c\?lec within each refoeftive district, during the feveraf terms aforesaidp^orsof the to hb majestp's colfaftbcj brother ^ietvoffitbrs^f^hvcuftotfis^tuftoms, at 4 for^bt time being, trefiding in they foverdt pbftsv Irrfd

plactaniiv^each^dicti^ivlterrin cori^di^ gnhv j n

imposed s^and ihp laid j$(pe<fb*d colletcuw^othkr dtfcep dffi^rivprn may be afowtudsi^er^bherebv required to iieceivt artd/entef1 rhd'iyrhtlh^mported, a betotqribqfij^o.bekepbfo^that ^mpbfe* and life fcdtiy'<wk° are to thereof to be Hung up io fartne publibk phstv^t^, th % ^xruft(^'^?tcr^houfameterofi^ .dh^eribw'^t^y resort j and from

iich the portation

alftmoycaul^<u>py\t; hcreeftt\&*

^pd'gmin^v^tmn^ iwws°

bewrn

formed.

I

Till the Epi pbanyfessions, 1790, the iifual retnmi for afoettain iag thedu tret on importation, and the orders mw antho ji(c6 by law, My bcmadc.

Whenever it shall appear from the returns and averages that any kirn) of grain in the rrcited ad enumerated IV ar or atxwe the price foc cifted in.

13 Geo. 3.

C t u. it <aay be imported within the several districts on payment of the low duties.

Receiver of corn returns to send to the collectors of the ctiftoms fn their refptdive districts the weekly account he is directed to take, with the average thereof, which is to regulate the exporta tion, etc.

Anno vkfefanonoas gftotftji I&CU5& Xr7*$

formed, ind tmfinitttd to such eoueflor* or ocher chief qfiratf*, and by them ntccivsd..^-

XII Provided always, and be it enacted, that.mthtng in

this act contained shall extend, or be deemed sr eocqrucd to extend, to prevent or binder the usual return of the prjt£t of British corn or grain, for tlte purpose of afceriiuning the duties payable on importation thereof, from being made unhlthe Epiphany session in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the manner now dirtied by law, or 10 prevent the judices, or other per font, from making stich orders, nr doing such other act thereupon, . a they or any of them cefpeftfoely are now by .law required or authorised ro make or da; And fed oiders or acts so made or done shall have the (amt force and effect as they have by the laws now in force, any thtogriij this act contained to the contrary not with (landing. 1.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority afprafrid. That whenever it shall appear fi-om such returns and avenges as aforesaid, that the prices of all or any of the several kinds ef grain, in the said recited act enumerated, are at or above the respective prices fpecihed in an adk passed in the thirteenth year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, anv8u nguhu lb importation and exportation of torn, then and in such case it thu be lawful to import, at any port or place where corn hath been usually or may be imported, within the several districts. before mentioned, such sorts of corn and grain respectively, upon payment of the duties commonly called or known by die anueef the Low Duties 1 and the duties and customs payable and take paid, as aforesaid, on the importation of foreign com a ad gramme of the several sorts therein mentioned, shall be colledlad end paid according to such general average prices, within each diarift respectively, and by no other rule, regulation, or provision what foe ver, anything in this or the recited oft Or any other law or statute, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV And be it further enacted, That the said receiver of corn returns shall every week send to his majesty's colteftors, or other chief officers of the customs for the time being, wiabao the respective district, the week's account which by this act be is directed to take in manner before mentioned, with the average thereof; and whenever any British corn or grain shall be exported from any port within any of the districts before aaco tioned, the entry for exportation may be made, and the bounty thereon shall be ascertain^d, regulated, and paid, accenting to the weekly average of the price of such corn and grain within that diaridt, as the same shall appear, from the returns hereby directed to be made to such coliedfors or other chief offices mem the respective collectors or other chief officers aforesaid aae bapr by required to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be kapg up in some poblick piece in the custom house thereto bdooging, to which all per fans may sefort) and boat such weqkjjr wftlgt

1789*] Afino vicesimo 110*0 Gsough 1u. C 5$. 6fj

heixpbrtati&n Wf Coro andgral* withhvthtt diftrwt shill be |ovcrncd and regulated, until a new averagefham be formed, inti transaffttei to focli collegers or other chief officers, and by,

: hcm received.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That, not wit branding the prices of wheat or peas (hell bete 150 toot of fpedtftily above the rates at which the same may be exported, biscuit and t shall and may be lawful, from and after the passing of this a2° q, !jrtei! o ship and export, from the port of Greenoek to the island of be wmiaulf Newfoundland, any quantity of biscuit not exceeding one him exported from Ired and fifty tonnes, and any quantity of peas not exceeding one Greenock to lundred quarters, in any one year, for the benefit of the fisheries T here, under the same regulations as biscuit and peas are, by an jurji^y be i pafifed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Ma exported to efty, (entitled. An act to abow tbt exportation of a limited quantity parts. f biscuit and peas to the island (Newfoundland /^ benefit of potwithftaod hififbery there), allowed to be exported from certain ports of*corn 0?°** herein mentioned, for the benefit of the said ftlheries; and also grain (houfd hat it hall be lawful, at all times, to ship and export starch to he above the ill places whatsoever, notwithstanding the prices of com or exportation jrain, of Which such starch may be made, shall be above the rated; ates for exportation; anything contained in this, or any other.

16k or asto the contrary notwithstanding.

JXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That not withfianding the prices'of wheat, peas, oats, or bar aid also the ej % (tad) be defpe^ively above the rites at which the same may quantities !e exported, it ikall and may be lawful, from and after the \

raffing of this act, to ship and export to the bay of Honduras, &c.t0thebty Or thb foftenance and use of the British settlers there, from such of Honduras, sorts in that part of Great Britain called England, and in Inch by licence proportions from each of such ports as the commissioners of hisrofn^vlajdfty's customs shall deem proper, and for which they the ike*"aid dortimissioners, or any three or more of them, shall grant a custoim.&c, icence undct their hands, any quantity of flour, bread, peas,

)armeal, or barley, not exceeding, in one year, one thousand hrfce hundred and fifty sacks of flour, thirty tonnes of bread, thirteen tonnes of peas, thirteen tonnes of oatmeal, and thirteen torts' of barley, under the same securities, rules, regulations, cftridhons, conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, as those under tfhich the like commodities are now allowed to be exported to ris majesty's sugar colonies in America, by an a passed in the Fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled,

An act to allow the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles, to his '*motyeafisugar colonies in America; and to extend the provisions of in act made in the left fejfien of parliament, entitled, An act to egifteortthe importation and exportation of com, allowing the xpottstibn (f wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the iflanis / and Jersey, to bread, biscuit, and peas \ to allow

He exporlatfm^f alt the find unities to the island of Alderney).

3flvll.rafhtibt k farther enabled by the authority aforesaid..

given for xkt deeexportation of any 01 the

before exportation

of com modi tirg, to he dif charned on certificate from the fu p' wmendant at the bay of Hondura8, C

pcrfimn* grant tngor making f|ffe certificates, fire to lie fabihft to the penalties, C

Before n.' X 1796, tlfe quantities herein fpecl tied of com and grain may be exported to Quebec, XI o twit hf* a nd ing the prices othtat,

Ac. maybe hiflhet than the exfmrnr^ tion prices, dec.

Com faftort in London, and infpedtors of the prices

Anno vi&simo hotto georom IIT. &

before mentioned commodities shall he discharged; <fce#th Ikate from the superintendant at the said bay dr from any other person who Audi be appointed fbt that^ftirifofe by the commissioners of his majesty's customs, in iike^virknner as the fccariries eiven for the doe exportation of the htodities, to the said fogar colonies m America, rt nowh>^ vntot tif the said discharged by a certificate under the hand a rid seal of the cblledlor, or of any o^hfcr of the officers therein mentioned; which certificate the said superintendant, of other pefrfon so appointed as aforesaid, is hereby authorised arid require#'to wrant from time to time; undw his hand and seal; and any person'^ranring or making any fahe certificate, or cotmfcfhetrih^, crasing, or falsifying any certificate, of knowinglypbbljfehfl| such certificate so counterfeited, efafed, or falfifiect, ihasfbeftb

jedt to the same disabilities penalties, and forfeit tttfes, respectively prescribed and directed by the said act wttft'hfipsdl to the certificates therein mentioned; and that the &wpdrv«ies and forfeitures shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, netbmti, and applied, in the manner directed by the said act, wrthftdb to the like penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned. ":

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefind, That riotwithftartding the prices of wheat, barley, - rye; 1 shall be rerpedtively above the rates at which the'lame fexposted, it shall and may be lawful, in consideratloh^bf Ok present scarcity in the province of Quebec, at ini tifhd-hrtl before tyre first day of January, one thousand seven httodrrf irii ninety, to export to the said province of Quebec an/quaentjty corn or grain, not exceeding in the whole the followup quantities; that is to say, two thousand quarters of thousand Tacks of wheat flour, and eight thousand qhadters of peas, under the same fccuritie?, rules, regulatiotrs, conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, as those underwwdh^the like commodities are now allowed to be exported'to jelfy's sugar colonies in America, by the faru |df pifletf fourteenth year of his prdfent majesty's reign; andthaf sorts gvanting or making any false certificate, in refpe^ exportation, or counterfeiting, erasing, or falfifyiftg invfttei Certificate, or knowingly publiflting any such certificate ffdoftte terfeited, erased, or falsified, shall be subject to the same riifabrfr

ties, penalties, and forfeitures, as are respectively prefcr$e$, aflri directed by the said act, with respect to the certificates th$re£i mentioned; and that all the abovementioned penal tics^cffofi. feiturcs shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, tqji applied, in the manner directed by the said act, with cefpidfc to the like penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned., _ u^XIX And whereas the duty payable upon rape seed impartidfam Ireland is Regulated by the price, to be sfceriained in tke same it&mt as the prices of corn and other grain are by law directed JL tained\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tb all corn factors, or sellers of com, in the port of Afe'cjtjrjttf London, nd all infpedtors of the prices of com and gtiua «

Other

17&j.7 a^o vifcfima nono Georgii III, t 679

maricetv (hau ^4 they ace hereby .req^irjed due#edofcon>; and,

and prices of pp g?'" ->

c^wd*sfld Jjftqgnt L respective markets, in their weskty ketmcv' iccppoirs, 10 he receiver of corn returns i n London f who lhab elude rap'.. '.. compute the average price of such, rape seed at the fccjjn their xt of, l#f4fnr and with in the feveraf diflrfds herein befo^e wcfkly ac ncndpt^d^and .trapfinit accoupts of the same at the perio^.ahd ^abefeed^ imes berqiv before^directed for the transmlttipg of the returns my be im ff corn and other grain to the refpe^ive|; fpjwlors or other ported from: hiefofficers of the customs, for .tbepurpof^ocesaid; and affp [ni, and that it shall and may be lawful to import epter* apd landiucb wawhoofcf, ; apejeed from Ireland, and to lodge and fpeure the famqjn withoutpay warehpufes* without payment of duty, under the joint locks of meat of duty, he icing and the importer and under such and the, like regq wl!s^l, ikc laiions, Dfovifjons, and restrictions as corn or other grain is a^drn^ey* pcrndlted tobc foimporred aodlanded. be.

t <}QL And be it further enacted, Thar from and after the apr Miliers, See. pohupnipt of inlpedors of the prices of corn and grain as before buying corn rncmioned, all millers factors merchants, clerks, agents, and forsale, to ather pertops, being buyers of corn Cor sale, shall and they are fnf^ors an hereby Required to deliver or cause to be delivered, upon.de account of maud to the said, inspector of the prices, of corn and grain for the quantities the towq whereat they (half tespectivelybuy any corn or grain, of.c31hrc'*an account, in writing signed with their own name of the tbermuring Quantities fa by them received during the week, with the prices the^eek^ thqreq^and fyg what measure or weight the same was bought a ec. onpejl in 4pfaylt; wh^repf every such miller factor, merchant, clerk, nalty^ql^. agent, or other person being a. buyer of corn for sale, shall for 6y^ry fqqh offence, .forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and ";

the several returns so to.be made by virtue hereof shall be V

allowed Jtnd received in evidence in all courts wharsoever. i 3txl ad be A further enacted That every miller factor an*to take nefcnant*, clerk agent, or other person, being a buyer of corn the for (flc* fnajl* within three calendar months next after the paflsna of this ador within one calendar month from the time pe Jftwhfbegin to deal in corn and grain, at any of the markets to which the regulations of this act are meant to extend take iod(ubfcrihe.the following oath, (or being one of the people called Quakers, affirm) 3 videlicet,

[A. B. do f wear [or affirm], That the returns of the prices and th, 'quantities <?/" Hr i ti fli corn and grain, which henceforward Shall be fy mrbou^bt, hall, to the best of my knowledge and belief be true and itftydnd) to the bed of my judgement, conformable to the directions of tn iitiiptffedin the twenty-ninth year of the reign'of his rmjejly King Seorge the Third, entitled, An act for better regulating and kf&rfiftlirig t he importation and exportation of corn and grainy iirt^tfofor better regulating the exportation of starch, and thfe mp&rftfon of rape seed.

^htcb^th or affirmation any justice or jurtices of the peace

diltrids.

68b

Anno via^raa ixmo.gjkttatmi f

diflri&a, h.andare bcrcby authorised and required jkoafafat^et* and every oath.or affirmation so taken (hah bcrcturfa* tdirmdr filed by the clerk of the peace for the county; aty^tow^o* place respectively; and io case any person shall buy coin fovv(yfa without taking the saki oath, agreeably to the dirctfioaojo4*hi» on like pe a<sl, every such person (hah, for every such offence, forfeit hod

nalty of xol. pay the sum of ten pounds. ......

No debenture XXII Provided always, and it is hereby eoa&ed by the on exporta^aujbority aforesaid, That no debenture Shall be wade eat or tion of any granted, for the allowance of any bounty on any cwn, grainf#r cornfetc to he flour, entered or shipped for exportation from any: port within gran ted, while any of the dillridu hereinbefore mentioned, during the

of the^fame11 tlinc at corn or grami of the same Ipccies Ata& be

species is pr allowed to be imported into such diftrilt at the low dories, mitted to be agreeable to the regulations of this act; anything in this or aay imported at other act to the contrary notwithaanding.,

tic htthe*" XXIII And be it further enabled. That the several avenges same diftrtft.^computed as afore said, for the said several periods, for cash Averages to be published by the said receiver of eoro rctonttii

he inserted in the London Gazette four Several weeks immediately fuocccdi&gtfct the Gazette, respective periods of computing such average.

In the re XXIV And be it further chased. That, for the more otfiy turns, corn and effectually carrying of this a into execution, the infpc&an te computed tie pr*cc$corn grain, 10 he appointed by virtue farad,

by the bufhcl shall, in all returns to be by them made, purfaaot to tbfefaee* of & galions, tions of this act, compute the quantities of corn and graarhy and 571b. to the bushel of eight gallops, commonly called or known bfik eqtudvo a ftame f The Winehijier Bujbel\ and in all cases where .what bushel. shall have been sold by weight, fifty seven pounds weight fall be deemed equal to one bushel of such jvtncbejitrtne*n*re-, XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforefad, inspectors to That the several infpc&ors of the prices of corn and grain to be receive such appointed by virtue of this a shall be entitled to, ood fail th°quarter** recc*vc such foro af*l funis of money for their care and troofafe sections lull thereio, as the justices of the peace for the relpe&ivc coupties direct. before mentioned, in quarter sections affcmwed, shall rtfpeflbdy order and direct, out of she public rates for each county, ndtng, or division, in manner jprescribed by an a, passed in the tenth year of the reign of h(s present Majesty, (entitled, J a&fm rrgijltring the prices at which corn is old in the several countusef Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imparted), for paying for the returns by that a ordered to be made.

How penalties XXVI And be it further enacted, That all penalties and are to be re forfeitures by this a imposed, except where it is otberwcfc applied and directed by this a, shall be levied by distress and (jilc of fa offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace acting in and for the county, division, or place, where the offence shall be committed; which warrant such justice is hereby empowered and required to gramme, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible wknch or witnesses oyon. oath

17*9, ] ] a*{k>tidtisimo none G oil IU. CV >actr(whkb*o*bfucb justice is hereby impoweredand required oadminiaer)* end ihe penalties and forfeitures, when recover xtyafwr rendering the overplus (if any be) upon deocufa, to he parry or parties whose goods and chattel*'dull be so Manned end (bid (the changes of Cuch distress and Tale being irft dedu£kd)ihail'be paid to the treasurer for the county, and e applied towards the purposes of this a; and in cafesufficienc Itftrefs dialvnot be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall iot be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such juftioe, and he s hcrebjnauthorifed and required by warrant under his hand tnd feaii, to capfe such offender or offenders to be committed to he common gaol or house of correction of the county or place whereibch offence shall be committed, there to remain, without >ati or mainprise, for any time not exceeding three calendar uowths, ner lefa than thirty days, unlefe such penalties and orfeitures, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner fujly paid m.d.. fetisfied/ '

XXVII .And whereas by an act, made in the thirteenth year of the eign<$fhit present Majesty, (entitled, An z to regulate the im >ortaturn and exportation of corn), wheat. Mi wheat flour, rye, iease, beans, barley, beer, bigg, andol$ % are allowed to be imported vismet payment of the duties therein mentioned, in the manner and tnder the regulations and restrictions in tbs said act fpeeified, into ibe repmd ports of Bristol, Berwick, Beaumaris, Dover, Exeter, e^rtowuch, Harwich, Hull, London, Lynn Regis, Lancaster, Liverpool, Milford, Newcastle, Newhaven, Pool, Southampton, Stockton, Whitehaven, Yarmouth, Ayr, Leith, Port Glasgow, Aberdeen, Kirkwall, any or either of them: and whereas it is ex iedient they the said privilege Should be extended to the port of Boston; e it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this usfc, wheat or wheat floor, rye, peafc, beans, barley, beer, bigg, Ktd oats, (hslhaud may be imported into the said port of Eofion, without payment of duties, at the same times, in the same manier, and under the same rules, regulations, and reftrtettons, as ice by the said adbof the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, pcdmdv provided, and enacted, for the same being imported n to the said fcuend other ports.

xxvul.and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, rhstyfroto and after the first day of Angnft in this present year, itod until the twenty ninth day of September in this present year, t>jhau not be lawful to export from, this kingdom, or to load, hip, or lay on board, in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order a bn exported from this kingdom, any british com or gramme, rxoept barley or malt exported under the regulations of the laws low in force, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof; and iha&affncorn or grain so forfeited shall and may be fdzed, sued 'off prosecuted, and condemned, in such and the like manner, m.d... by such and the like ways, means, and methods, as any fovtv or grain forfaited by any law now in force may be fened, ued far, prosecuted and condemned, and that the produce hereof (half and may be applied in the same manner a the e produce

13 Geo. C 43. recited.

and the privilege thereby granted to Bristol, etc extended to Bolton.

From Aug. «* to Sept. »9, 1789, it shall not be lawful to export any British corn or grain, except barley or malt, under penalty ot forfeiture thereof;

C ')gk

681

Anoo vkefuno nono Gsoftoti UK C $4* [17^

produce of any corn or grain forfeited by any law now in force may be applied.

except certain XXIX Provided always, and be it enacted. That wherbi

limited quail^now; n force and by the provisions herein before bytaw tobc contain certain limited quantities of certain sorts of corn or exported to grain are allowed to be exported to particular places specified in particular the said laws, and in this a, notwithstanding that the prices of places, and such corn or grain respectively shall be above the rates at which fwthtufe*of l^c ^amc oiay^exp01^* it shall and may be lawful, at any his majesty't time previous to the said twenty-ninth day of September, in this garrisons or present year, to export to such places respectively the whole or forces. such limited quantities of such sorts of corn or grain, or such quantities as may be (ill necessary to complete such limited quantities; or to export corn or grain for the use of any hisma jesty's garrisons or foroes, in the same manner as the same may now by law be exported; anything in this a contained to 6e contrary notwithstanding.

Act to com XXX And be it further enacted, That all and every the

directions, regulations, powers, and authorities of this at, ftuh 9t;* commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, and performed, immediately from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, uolefc otherwise specially directed by this act.

CAP. LIX

An act for allowing thi hke drawback on teas, exported to tbi ifiani: of Ouernfey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other places on th continent of Europe, and to Africa, as is now allowed on tecs exported to Ireland or America.

Preamble. WHEREAS a drawback of the whole of the duties pad upon teas, which have been regularly imported into ibis kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to thi East Indies, and for which the duties of customs and excifo have bun paid is allowed to the exporter on the due exportation thereof u the kingdom of Ireland, into tbs Briiifh colonies in America, on certain conditions: and whereas it is expedient that the like drawbacks bond be allowed on the exportation of such teas to the islands of Jersey oi Guernsey, to Gibraltar, or to any port or place on the continent tf Europe where there/ball be a British consul resident for theprete&m of trade; be it therefore enacted by the xing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords (pintail and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affan from Aug. i, bled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and nfter 1789, on tea the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty exported to^nincf there shall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters fey, (Gibraltar, of teat, which (halt have been regularly imported into this iing or any place'dom by the united company of merchants of England trading in Europe to the East Indies., and on which the whole duties of customs and | u - exc'k have been paid, in case such teas shall be esqkwed i

consul, thereto efl**»da of Jtrfty at gutrnf/y, or to Gifrelttr, at to hm I

P

itl) s

pohror^j^c^sn tfte coiteftsrttbf Europe sir!ttf^hcbi ffoapv&z shall beallow

britj/b coafui rcftdent for the protection of dwfr d th ll*e

of custtfms 'ind cxtifc is now artlb&fd the ei^rkti&fi of such.seas to Irihtti, or to tlye bhtijh oolonfes parted toire r pldn&rions in Jmtrifa, on ebndition'fhat thr f^e'fhfclpbc Kd of ame 'xporf^d ifrfutffi and the Hfce diafhner, and ut^r sech andttc rica, octhc like rurci, ^eguhtions, grdvhjon?/reftri6motiy, penalties', and hcrein^rc t Forfeitures, 'astuch teas are nbwsubjedvarid fifableto Upon the faibed.: xp6rtatiqn thereof for a drawback to fremfta, '6t*td tw Bfittjh colonies or plantations in America: and pro^idwsftfo, that a like bond shall be given for the due exportation thereof With further condition that the exporter thereof shall produce a 'cwlfiejfte for Hich tas as shall have been entered for exportawort tertbeiftaods ofjcr/cy'hid Guernsey, under the hand andfealbfthe lieotenant ^overnor^ or other chief officer, and of the principal officer*tof the custom 6f such iflhnds respectively, within the space 6f six mpnths from the exportation thereof, that the same hare been iufy landed there; for such teas as shall be entered for exportation td Gibraltar, that thd exporter thereof shall product a 1 like certificate under the hand and seal of the gdvernor, Of Other chief officer there, within the' space of twelve months from the exportation thereof? and that for such teas as (hathfo he entered for exportation to any such port or place orf the continent of Europe, the exporter shall produce a like certificate under the hand and seal of the sritr/b cortfuf resident at such place for the proteltioh of trade, wit bin the space of twelve arionths fronuhe exportation thereof. 1; .

II Artd be it further ensiled by the authority afeutefakt, That A like draw a like drawback shall be paid and allowed oathe!exptutation of back shall be tea to jffrifoy as is now allowed on the exportation, thereof toxowrtadonof his Majesty's Colonies or plantations in Americh, ori bortd^bllng [to Africa, entered Into by the merchant exporter, with fofficient fccerity to hfi ftlajeltyj his heirs and lucceffovs, in dbubld she vasue; of such tea, that the same, and every part thereof, Thaft (the danger of^hc ie^s excepted) be well ana truly exported to, and landed in.to/riq p?rt bf the coast of Africa, arid not in an^othdr port or plrajfeyond the seas"'/*"

And be it further enacted by thef authority sforesaid*

th^iio bond which "(halt le entered into fof the exportation of How bonds tea "to Africa, in pursuance of this act,shall be tfifchafged or glvcnj°r.the deiiveijea up until proof s made, by the bath of the matter, of such tea" ljjat^purser, or other person having charge W the ship Of vessel shall be dif durin^he voyage in which such goods Were exported, that the charged faio^gpqd^ ^hd every part thereof, were fairly landed or disposed of, '1nmb^ qn tome p^rt of the coast of Africa, and rtiat ho part thereof (fead been relanded in any part of 'Greftt1 Britain, or the. /

y^ftxr fimcrhfy, Sari, ox Man, Or ifiy other* -

rj^ice beyond the fe?si and by the oath or the merchant'J

thaf (q the belt of his, heir^of't^civ^nrbw^\ % , V* ad been dlfppfdjcf bf at the place or

'dt'such'butftef; rtatfe, pti "

Vol. XXXVI

purser, or other

684 Anno vicesimo nono georgii III c.60. [1789.

other person having the charge of such ship or vessel daring the voyage, which proof shall be made within Jthree years from the date of each respective bond, before thecolle&or and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customsat the port for the time being where such last mentioned bond shall be entered into, who are hereby respectively itnpowered to administer the same; and in case no such proof shall be made as aforesaid within the respectivc .times before limited, it shall and maybe lawful for the respective commissioners of the customs in Great Britain to cause such bond to be put in suit, unless they shall find diffident cause to forbear the same; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If such tea be That in case any teas, which shall have been fhipped/or expor briufn ^orat tat'on by virtue and in pursuance of this act, shall he relanded any place for n any Part f kingdom, or landed at any place other than which it waa that for which the same shall have been shipped for exportation, not Ihipt, the the matter or other person having or taking the charge or com feittrbt the" man P or or on board which such tea shall

valued C C ^avc been ^*pped for exportation, shall forfeit treble the value No larger thereof: provided always, That no greater quantities of teas quantities of shall be exported under the authority of this act than the lord teas to be ex high treasurer, or the commissioners of the trefcfury, or any three ported than Of them for the time being, shall, twenty-one days previous to CD b^he°w cac^ (luartcriy fek be united company of merchants of treasury. England trading to the East Indies, authorise by warrant under their hands, directed to the commissioners of the cultams in England

CAP. LX

An CL for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of coffee, imported by the east-india company, in the ship Lord Camden, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Preamble. she RE AS great part of the coffee imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in the ship Lord Camden, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, yet remains unsold, and other part of such coffee, which hath been sold by the said united company, yet remains uncleared in their warehousesy belonging to the buyers thereof which, by reafsn of the great quantity of coffee imported into this kingdom of late years, the proprietors have not been able, to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof being the time limited by law to entitle the exporters to receive the drawback of the duties thereon; and it is reasonable and necessary that some further time Should be granted for the exportation df the coffee imported in the said ship Lord Camden; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemwcd,

o and

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 61.

and by the authority of the same, That if the Said coffee imported in the said ship Lord Camden in the year open thousand Seven hundred and eighty six, and now remaining uncleared in the said company's warehouses, shall be exported to any parts*beyond the seas, at any time within four years from the importation thereof, there shall be drawn back and allowed for the same, to the exporter or exporters thereof, such and the same drawbacks or allowances, and under inch rules, regulations, fccurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would have been intitied to in case such coffee had been exported within the term of three years from the importation thereof, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary not with (landing.

CAP. LXI

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nide; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed

530, 000!. may be ifliied out of the consolidated fund; which maybe raised by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on Security of this a not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be (truck, etc. Orders for repayment to be registered and paid in course. No see to be taken for registering, etc. Penalty for taking fees, treble damages with costs, and for undue registering, etc. the value of the debt with full costs, and forejudged his office. Not to be deemed undue preference if orders of the same date, brought the same day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the 1, 530, 000!. hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills, in the manner prescribed by the malt act of the present sessions; the provisions of which act (except such as charge the bills on the malt duty, and limit the rate of interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest, C to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this a. 393.7691- is. 3d.'remaining in the hands of the pay matter general, to be applied in discharge of the extraordinaries of the army, from Dec. 14» 17879 to Dec. % 4, 1788. Moneys arising by the Malt act, Land tax act, C 6. Tontine act, C 41. Annuities, C 37. Lottery, C 33. Loans, 3, 500, 0001. C 34. further loans, 4, 000, oool. C 35. and 1, 530, 0001. out of the consolidated fund, shall be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed. 4, 318, 5701. for naval Services for 1789^ 410, 5761. 15s. 8d. for the ordinary of the office of ordnance for land Service, 1789. 9, 3061. 48. id. for expense ot ditto not provided for,788. 418, 0171. 6s. 4d. for extraordinaries of ditto, 1789. o, 6iol. and 1, 9141. is. 8d. for military artificers. 1, 518^931. 16s. 6d. 3q. for land foroes; viz. 638, 561!. 14s. id. for 17, 448 rffedtive men, officers, C in Great Britain, C 1789. 315*915!- s ?d. for forces in the plantations, C 1789. 4, 891b 178. nd. iq. for iifference between British and Irish establishments, 1788. 8, 445!. ios. id. for ditto, 1789. 11, 435b ns. lod. aq. for regiments Serving in he Eaffc Jndies, 1789. 1, 013!. ns. iod. for Supernumerary officers,

[788. 10, 871!. 14s. iod. 3q.for ditto, 1789. 6, 409b 8s. for general and

tass officers In Britain, 1789. 63, 0431. 58. to the pay matter general, ecrdury at war, Scc. 171, 787!. 5s. 5d. for reduced officers of the land orccs and marines. 41 al. 149. b to reduced officers, See. of the horse

Z z guard?.

685

If thd coffee imported in the ship Lord Camden in 1786, be exported in four years from importation, to be allowed the usual drawbacks, etc.

Anno vicesimo nono georgii III C 6t. £ 1789.

guards, 1789. 3, 3911. 148. L fof officers late in the service of the Sates general. 55, 091!. 10s. for reduced officer of the brituh american forces. 4*9071. xos. for allowances to ditto. 9, 943b 3d. for

widows pensions. 177, 4681. 8d. for Chelsea bofpttal. 364093!. 19a. to the landgrave of He fife. 3, 500, 000!. to discharge exchequer bills, 28 Geo. 3. a, ooo, oool. to discharge further ditto. 191, 34a). 13s. for secret Cervices. 35, iool. for the works at Carleton House. 34, 370!. is. 4d. issued in pursuance of addresses of the house of commons. 6, 118i. 17s. 6d. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, to ift. Jan. 1790. 5, 400!. for New Brunswick, to 24 June, 1790. 1, 9001. for Saint John in America, to ift. Jan. 1700. i.iool. for Cape Breton, to 14 June, 1790. X i8il Xos. for Newfoundland, for defraying salaries, to ift. April, 1790. 4, 080!. for the Bahama Islands, for civil establishment in addition to salaries to 1 Jan. 1790. 580i. to the chief justice of Bermuda, to m Jane, 1790. 600i. to the chief justice of Dominica, to 1 Jan. 1790. 1, 877!. 10s. for New South Wales, to 10 Oft. 1789. 13, 0001. for forts iu Africa. 4, 000). for roads, and bridges in the highlands in the year 1789. 3, oocl for the British Museum. i.rril. 6d. for money paid to T. Dundas and J. Pemberton, efqrs. commissioners for American claims, for expenses, foes, and charges. 41, 559). xis. for money issued for the relief of American civil officers, and the fees and charges. i,861.19s. gd. 39. for money issued to pay bills drawn by the lieutenant governor of Nova Scotia, and the governors of the Bahama islands and New Brunswick, and the foes and charges. 1, 075!. 6s. id. for money issued to discharge bills drawn by A. Mular esq; commissary of the settlement of New South Wales, and the fees and charges. 313, 6591. as. 3d. for payment on orders for relief of American and East Florida sufferers. 8, tol. 14s. 4d. for money issued to Henry Bradley esq; for maintaining, C convicts in the harbour of Ha moaze at Plymouth. 48, 417b 13s. 5d. for money iflhed to Doucafi Campbell esq; for the expense of confining, maintaining, and employing the convicts on the river Thames. 761i. is. for money issued to Mr.

J tunes Mouatt, chief clerk in the office of the commissioners for enquirer into fees, gratuities, perguisites, and emoluments, received in seveni public offices on account of salaries to clerks, and contingent expeuee*. 5001. for money issued to the secretary of the commissioner appointed by8 Geo. 3. C 54. as to Daws from Africa. 3, 000!. for money issued to the commissioners of the land revenues belonging to the crown. 900l to the commissionerg for inquiring into the losses in East Florida by the cession to the king of Spain. 4, 693b 8s. 6d. for money issued to the Secretary to the commissionefs for inquiring into the losses of American loyalists. 3, 000!. for losses sustained by John Reader esq; in Jamaica, by diflnantling an iron fonndery in 1782, by order of sir Archibald Campbell, governor of the island.0, 311!. 6s. 4d. for money issued on account of the trial of Warren Hastings esq; And not made goodbye parliament. 331, 6491. xs. 3d. 30. for deficiency of grants, 1788. Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned, Ac. only. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum granted for half pay. By8 Geo. 3. C a sum not exceeding 171, 7761. 3s. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1788. The overplus of which sum to be disposed of to officers maimed, etc. or to their widows and children, as his Majesty shall direst. Duplicates of exchequer bills, etc. lost, or otherwise, destroyed, may be made out under the regulations herein fpedfied.,

CAP.

Anno vicesimo nono georgii III c.62. 687

CAP. LXII

An for appointing cmmissioners further to inquire into tie Losses .and services of ail Juchperfms who lave fujfered in their tights properties and prof efforts during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in mfequence of their loyalty to his majf/ly* and attach mnt to the British government.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble.

reign of hit present Majesty, entitled, An act for appointing 43 Geo. 3. commissioners to inquire into the Losses and services of all such C 80. reci^d. persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in confluence of their loyalty to his. Majesty, and attachment to the Brittfb government; and also by four several acts, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty sixth, twenty sevent hand twenty-eighth years of the reign of Iris present Majesty* certain per font were constituted commifioners for inquiring into the refpeffive Losses and services of all 9

full person and per Jons who have suffered in their rights, properties and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, ana Utacbment to the British government: and whereas the purposes intended by the said acts are not yet completed, and il is therefore necessary that the said acts Jhouli be further continued be it therefore .eiiaded by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That John Joha Wilraot tifilmot esquire, colonel Robert Kingston, colonel Thomas Dundas, colonel

John Marfb esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert Mac l°s"

xffizie esquire, ih^ll be, and they are hereby constituted commit commission fipners for the purposes in the said recited acts mentioned, en.

II And be it further enacted, That any two of them the said Commission john ivibnot esquire, colonel Robert Kingston colonel Thomas era to be Dundas, John Marfb esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Ro sworn b{rf Mackenzie esquire, before they enter upon the execution of 'this, ad, shall take an oath before the matter of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's 'bench, common pleas, or barons of the exchequer, (which they pr either of them are hereby authorised and required to admi ruder), in the form following; (that is to lay, )

I A. B. do swear That according to the left of my skill and know the oath;

ledge > I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several flowers and trujls vejled in me by an act* entitled, An act for appointing commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have (uttered in their rights, pro 71 perties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence oy their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government, according to the tenor and furpqrt tf the said act,

Ti 3 And

comraiffion cra may examine parties on oath.

Commission. era to meet, and to (end for persona or papers.

to appoint clerks, etc.

Persona delivering in fraudulent claims to be excluded from any compensation.

Aimo vicesimo notio Georgii III CI [1789.

And every other of them the said John Wilmt esquire, colonel Robert King on > colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marjk esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert Mackenzie esquire, shall likewise take the same oath before the said two commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid

III And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com mi (Goners, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to examine upon oath (which oath they, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer), all persons whom the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think t to examine, touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested In the said commissioners by this act; and all such persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said commission ers at such time or place as they, or any two or more of them, shall appoint.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to meet and sit, from time to time, at the r present place of meeting, or at such other place as they, or any two or more of them, shall think proper, with or without adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and fcais, for any person or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papejs, writings, or records, as they shall judge necessary for their information in the execution of the powers vested in the said coroouf fioners by this act; and the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such clerks, messengers, and officers, as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanour, in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed in him by the said commissioners, and in all other things touching the premises; which clerics and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform tbfc trust in them several ly and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service, other than such salary or rewards as the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if h shall have appeared to the commissioners appointed by the said recited acts, or shall hereafter appear to the commissioners appointed by this act, that any person hath delivered, or shall hereafter deliver to them, an account or claim beyond the real lose fufhined by him or her, with an intent to obtain more than a just compensation; if the said commissioners, or any moor more of them, shall have been or shall hereafter be of opinion that such account or claim was or is fraudulent, then such person so having claimed, or who shall hereafter so claim, shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

VI And

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono georgii III C 62. 689

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Personsgiving in case any person or persons, upon examination upon oath be Pliable to fore the said commissioners, or any two or more of them re the penaiticg fpe6uvety as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give of perjury, false evidence, every such person so offending, and being thereof

duly convi6led, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be fub je and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VII And whereas provision was made by an act made in the iajl Geo. 3. session of parliament, entitled, An act for appointing commissioners C 44. further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons

who have suffered in their rights properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government, for inquiring into the cases of persons who fujlained Losses either by furnishing provision sy or other necessary articles for the jcr vite of his Majesty's navy or army in America, during the late war; or by having their property used, seized, or defrayed, for the carrying on the public service there, and for which they have hitherto received no compensation: and whereas the inquiry thereby authorised is not commifli0n. corhpleted5 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said cr8 to inquire colonel Thomas dundasy Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert into claims Mackenzie esquire, or any two of them, shall inquire into all madeprevious such Losses or demands which have been made as aforesaid, pre vious to the third day of June one thousand seven hunched and furnishing Y eighty eight, in th same manner, and under the same rules, provilionsfor regulations, powers and authorities, as the commissioners are the navy or authorised to inquire into Losses (attained by persons in confe army m ame quence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the [hau war, British government. etc.

' VHI. And whereas the persons herein after mentioned have been preventedy by such particular circumstances as appear to entitle them to special indulgence y from preferring or from projecting their claims during the times allowed by two several aftsy made in the twenty third and twenty-fifth years of the r'iign of his present Majesty, from whence it may happen that the [aid pirjons may be deprived of the relief intended by the said acts: be it therefore enabled, That the said commis commission fioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered to cdvtthe^ receive the claim or claims of Mary Brifiow widow, and others, claims of the Mary Brerewood widow, captain John Collety James Campbelly pcrfbns here captain Henry collinsy Thomas Coombes senior, William Clark, the in named; heirs of Matthew Colvilley Daniel Dunbar, James Donovan, con way Dobbsy Richard and Edward Brice Dobbs, Donald Frazer, Samuel Goldfbury, Lorenda Holmes, the executors of Capel and Osgood Han bury y John Harmery Robert johnjloney William Lowthery jvtl uam Lovey Lambert Mootey the reverend John Milner, Farquhar Maltolmy Elizabeth Miller widow, captain Alexander Middletony colonel Daniel Flummery Ann Ruffcl widow, lieutenant William ilobittsy John Rogers, and others, creditors of John and Gilbert Buchanan, Samuel Stearns, Charles Stuart, Isabella Taylor, Roger

Z z 4 Fleming,

o

but not to report on their cases, unless they receive proof of the parties having been prevented from delivering their claims in dne time.

commiflioti ers to give an account of their proceedings to the treasury and secretaries of state.

Treasury to pay 4, 0001, to the com missionen j

for paying clerks, etc.

Anno vicefkno nono Georgii Uh c.fa* [ 1789j

Fleming Jane Turner, colonel James Vernon Jvfepb Parker Wickham Robert William Walker, John White, Alexander Wilson. George and Andrew Buchanan, CW/« Dunlap and company, Colne Dunlop and son and company, Dunlaps and Graft Donald Scotnnd company, Glassford* Gordon, Monteatb and company, John Glass ford and company, Henierfon M'cuul and company, George Kippen and company, George M'caul and. company, John M'dowell and company, Mur dobs* Donald and company, William M'tier* Oswald Dennifton and company, James Ritchie and company, Spiers French and company, . Alexander Spiers, John Bowman and company, Thompson Snodgrafs and company, Samuel Gift David Russel James Brown, William Henery, Thomas Burns, William Drake, Thomas mcguire Margaret Kennedy and Benjamin Ogden.

IX Provided always, and be it enacted, That the commissioners appointed by this ait shall not proceed in or report on though cases of any of the persons herein named, unless they shall have been previously satisfied, by proof on oath, (which oath the said commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer), that the said persons have been prevented from delivering in or prosecuting their claims within the periods limited by any former alts, from illnefe or other unavoidable causes, or from the persons so claiming having been employed in endeavouring to obtain restitution from any of the American dates, within which their properties were situated, for which they claim compensation.

X And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as they

shall be thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the determination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue of this ait, without any further requisition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords coauniflioners of his majesty's treasury, and to his majesty's principal fecrctarics of date for the time being.

XI And be it further enacted, That the lords commtfiioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such sums of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, to such person or persons as the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sum so iftaed and paid shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary chavges in or about the execution the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said commtffion

ers, or any two or more of them, by writing under their hands and Teals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for -

person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and pro, 'according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, wirh#w**oy see or other charges to be taken or dema&ded for the ifiping and

pay

[789*] Anno vicesimo bobo Georgii III C 63. 691

>ayment of the same, or on the parting of the said accounts,

there than /uch sum as the said commissioners, or any twp or nore of them, shall appoint; and which money To issued shall lot be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or afleflinent whatsoever, mposed by authority of parliament.

XII Provided always, and be it enacted, That any of the commission aid commissioners being on half pay, as an officer of the navy era may re r army, shall be entitled to receive such half pay, notwithstanding ceive half pay my compensation that may be made to him for executing the foltowililthc lowers of this act, on his taking the following oath before some

uftice of the peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the ame:

I A. B. do [vjeary That I had noty between any place oath.

or employment of profity civil or military, under his Majesty, be ides such compensation as Shall have been or may be made to me as a com mijfloner for inquiring into the lojfes and services of all [uch persons who have suffered in their right Sy proper ties, and professionsy during 'be late unhappy dijfentions in America, in conjequence of their loyalty '0 his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to in title such person to repeive his half pay, without taking any other oath my law, ufagc, or custom, to the contrary thereof not with rtanding.

XIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation, In case of the of any one or more of the said commissioners, during the recess death, etc. of of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to no jr.dsrbig the" minate and appoint such person or persons as he may think pro recess of par per to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and that every person lament, his so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be f

inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the com another, mi (Turners appointed by this act.

XIV And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven f thia hundred and ninety, and no longer.

CAP. LXIU.

An act to exempt all piece goods wove in this kingdom, and which shall be sold by auftiont from the duty imposed on such [ales; for exempting persons licenjed to retail spirituous liquors from the payment of the duties imposed on such licencesy who hall leave off retailing such liquors before the expiration of the time for which such licences ball be granted; and for obliging persons who hall deal in brandy, not being retailers, reftifier$y or diflillerfy to take cut licences for that purpose.

WHEREAS, by an act made in the twenty seventh year of Preamble.

the reign of his present Majesty, (intituledy An act for re Geo. 5 pealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting, C i3*rccitc<k other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties.

t°ge

L

From Oft. 1, 1789, piece goods woven in this kingdom may be sold in the quantity taken from

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III c.€$. [1789*

together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the redaction of the national debt, ) an excise duty of seven pence is chargeable fer every twenty billings of the purchase money arising or payable by virtue of any sale at auction in Great Britain (among other goods and chattels) of all piece goods, and other goods woven or fabricated in the loom in Great Britain: and whereas it would greatly encourage the manufacture of such goods in this kingdom, if the same were allowed to be sold by auction entire as the same were taken from the leom9 and in lots of a certain price, for or on account of the manufacturers or sir ft pur chasers thereof respeciively9 free of the said duty; be it therefore eoacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from after the first day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, ail goods whatsoever,

woven or fabricated in the loom in this kingdom, which shall

the loom, and foc sold entire in the piece or quantity in which the same were price of aoh taiccn ftom the loom, and in lots, each lot whereof dhal! be of or upwards] the price of twenty pounds sterling or upwards, shall and may without pay be sold by public sale, by way of auction, in lots as aforesaid, ing the aufti for or on the account of the manufacturers or first purchaserc posed^the thereof respectively, by any person duly licensed to exercise the recited act; trade or business of an auctioneer, but not otherwise, free of the said duty.

but not in any II Provided always, That no person shall be exempted from

other than en the payment of the said duty, for or in respect of any such goods

Vk sold by way of auction, unless such sale shall be carried on in nor unleu the r J / r., e..,

good are exome warehouse, room, or place, whereof a true and particular

posed at the entry in writing shall have been made with the proper officer at sale. the next office of excise within the limits where such warehouse,

room, or place shall be situated, and unless such goods shall be openly shewn and exposed at the time and place of such sale. Auctioneer to III Provided also, and it is hereby Further enacted, That give security every person acting as auctioneer, at every fqch public sale by way of auction as aforesaid, shall, over and besides the bona now directed by law to be given on receiving his licence, give further security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of five thousand pounds, with two or more sureties, which security the commissioners of excise, or any two or i^ore of them for the time being, in England and Scotland re spectively, or such person or persons as the said commissioners respectively shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, re hereby authorised and impowertd to take, that he will, wfrhm fourteen days after such sale at auction of any goods 'woven'or fabricated in the loom as aforesaid, deliver, at the next office of excise within such limits as aforesaid, a true, exack, and particular

lor delivering, at the next excise office, an account of the sale of such goods, See.

, Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 63* 693

account in writing of the several lots and parcels of such a ^wrhich.shall have been sold, the amount of the money bid rfv/ale, and the price of each lot and parcelj and further, not at any time knowingly offer or put up for Tale, at audtion, any piece goods or other goods woven or icated in the loom out of this kingdom, or any goods woven abricated in the loom in this kingdom which shall not be red or put up for falc or sold, entire in the piece or quantity which the same were taken from the loom, and in lots as resaid, for or on the account of the manufacturer or first chaser thereof, without charging, for every twenty Shillings the purchase money thereof, the said duty, according to the es and directions of an act of the seventeenth year of his pre X majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for granting to his ma 'y certain duties on licences to be taken out by all per font acting as Qioneers $ and certain rates and duties on all lands, houses, goods, d other things sold by mftion; and upon indentures, leases, bonds, tds? and other instruments)) that be will not be. concerned any untrue or fraudulent contrivance or device with intent to 11 any piece goods, or other goods woven or fabricated in the tom, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thixadt. .........

IV And be it further enacted, That in case it (hah appear Bonds to be tat the party entering into such; bond hath acted contrary to Put

he true intent and meaning of such bond, .and of thb^present "trcm

ar it shall be lawful for the refpcdtive commissioners of excise o: cause every such bond to .be put in suit.

V And whereas by an act, made in the twenty seventh year of

be reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An adfc for laying 17 Geo. 3. additional duties upon licences to be taken out by persons C recited. Sealing by retail in spirituous liquors, ) reciting, that it was expedient that additional duties Should be paid by all persons who Should take out licences to deal by retail in spirituous liquors, it is enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, there Should be raised, levied, code stead, and paid, unto and for the use of his Alojessy, his heirs and fuccejforsi the several and respective sums in the said act in that behalf mentioned, .} or and upon all licences to be taken out annually in manner in the said act mentioned, by all persons. who shall retail any distilled spirituous liquors, orjlrong waters, within Great Britain: and whereas diverse persons woo take out such licences do afterwards, and before the expiration of such licences, leave off the retailing of spirituous liquors, and thereby cease to derive any profit to them/elves from such licences, although theyfitil continue liable to make good'the future payments by the said act dtrefted to be made for or in respect of such licences \ be it therefore enacted, That no perfori or, persons who person8 now. is or are, or hereafter shall be, duly licensed to retail ing a month's distilled spirituous liquors, and whp shall, before the expiration notice to the of any such licence by the said act directed to be taken out, give fup^vifor of to the collector or supervisor of excise of the coiiedfcion or dif theirlintents tri&in which such person or persons shall reside, one month's on to leave off previous notice of his, her, or their intention to leave off the retailing fpu.. retailing ^tuous 1u

recited act, after they shall bare so left off;

*94 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii 1u. C gi jlj.

quors, ndt to retailing of spirituous liquors, and shall alb, within (ucb the'payment i?ont^» kavc the tailing of spirituous liquor fc of any money 10 ibc payment of any (tun or sums of money wharfeever

imposed by by the said act directed to be paid, at any time after be. ftt, a J^they shall so leave off the retailing of spirituous liquors; aarf ai and every such licence shall, from and immediately after the expiration of such one month, become noil and void to ab intents and purposes whatsoever; anything in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding

VI And be k further enacted. That no perfoo or peribos whose licence or licences to retail diddled fpirkuoos hqaon, d d h 8raoted under or by virtue of the said act, is or ire now expired, before the °* SMK* wh°> before the expiration of such his, her, or their Ikon expiration or licences, actually left off the retailing of fpfrituous liquors, thereof, left shall be liable to the payment of any sum or Anns of money whatsoever by the said act directed to be paid, at any time after he, (he, or they, so left off the retailing of spirituocu fcqsers: provided always nevertheless. That nothing herein ooikaiwed

nor persons whose licences are expir

off retailing spirituous liquors; bat no person to

be entitled to shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to cnptfc

the repayment of any sum actually paid.

4 Geo. 3. fess. a. C 41 recited.

any such person or persons to the repayment of such Aua or sums of money which shall have been at any time hcretofog actually paid by him, her, or them, in pursuance of the aid al

VII And whereas, by an afi, made in the twenty-fourth year tf the reign of his prefat Majesty, (entitled, An act .for laying certain duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of sad dealers in exciseable commodities therein mentioned, ) it to enabled. That, ram and after the tenth day f September thousand even hundred and eighty-four, no person or persons ua then did, er at any time thereafter should deed in brandy, not being e retailer, nor a refiifier, nor a di/hller9 Should prejume, by him, ho, or themfohes, or by any other person or persons vjbatsoever enfad by him, her, or them, or fa his, her, or their benefit, either p^bdsf or privately, to deal in brandy, without first taking out a haute so that purpofo in, manner therein after mentioned, before be, Jbe, sr they should so deal in brandy, fa which licence he, foe, or they sail immediately, on taking out thereof, pay down fa tie same tie fom if five pounds; and whereas no pecuniary penalty is by law provided so or imposed on persons guilty of offences contrary to the ford noted clauft, and it is expedient that fiub pecuniary penalty foudd k From Od. 10. provided and imposed; be it therefore enacted, Thar, from tnl 3789, persons after the tenth day of Ofiober one thousand seven hundred and dealing in eighty nine, no person or persons who now doth or do, or it ont^nch "time hereafter shall deal in brandy, not being a retailer or censed ac - nor a redifier or redifiers, nor a distiller or diftiutti cording tore duly licensed, shall presume, by him, her, or themfclve$, orby

cited ad, not any other person or persons whatsoever employed by him, lie,*ing or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publicly or pci

ordifhuersvto vately, to deal in brandy, without first taking put such a lkwce forfeit tool! for that purpose in manner in that behalf directed iaandby V said a; and if, from and after the said tenth day of ostkr onethoqfopd fev?n hundred nd eighty rjiine, anyporfoaorper

1789-! Anno vicesimo nofto gcbroii III C 64. 695

bns who now doth or do, or at any time hereafter shall deaf irl jrandy, not being a retailer or retailers, rectifier or reftifiers, or 1 distiller or dlftiliers, shall presume, by him, her, or themfdyes, jr by any other person or persons whatsoever employed by him, 'ler, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publicly or, irivately, to deal in brandy, without first taking out a licence or that purpose, in the manner in that behalf directed by the said act, he, (he, or they shall, for each and every such offence.

Forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

CAP. LXIV

in act to author ife the lord high treasurery or the commissioners of the treasury > appoint two of the (ommijftoners of the customs in £ng- land, and one of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, to inquire into the annual amount of the emoluments ef officers of the customs, and other persons employed in that revenue.

WHERE E AS it is expedient, in order to provide for the better Preamble.

and more equitable arrangement of the salaries and allowances 0 the several officers and other persons employed in the service of his Wajejbfs customs, that inquiry Should be made into the annual amount f their refpettive emoluments, whether arising from falariesy feesy >erquisites, gratuities, or otherwise, and that the same Should be after ained; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent ma efty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ind temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletn led, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and tpay Treasury may e lawful for the lord high treasurer for the time being, or the appoint two lommissioners of the treasury for the being, or any three or commission nore of them, to nominate and appdint, by warrant under their ^ftomsin lands, two or more of the commissioners of his majesty's England, and ruftoms in England, and one of the commissioners of his Ma onc in s00* efty customs in Scotland, from time to time, to inquire into, and° ent ind ascertain the same; and that the said commissioners of his emolumentsc vlajesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, foto be of their ofli ppointed as aforesaid, or either of them respectively, shall be, ces upon, nd he or they are hereby authorised to examine upon oath all oath»&c* nd every officer and officers of the customs, or other persons belonging to, employed or concerned therein, in England or Jcothni respectively; and all stich officers and other persons are lereby directed and required punctually to attend the said com niffioners, or either of them respectively, at such time and place s they, dr either of them, shall appoint for the purposes above nentiorted; and the said commissioners respectively, when they hall have completed the inquiry which by this act they are au horiftd to rtiake, or as soon after as conveniently may be, shall eport to the Idrd high treasurer, or the commissioners of hi

^ajesty's treasury for the time being, the result thereof.

II And bfc it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission he said commissioners, before they proceed to take any step in fji f°i|tak*mr >urfuanct of this act, (halt take an oath, before the matter of owl

o the

Anno vicesimo none Georgii III. C 64.'[1789.

the rolls for the time being or one of his Majesty1* jtiftieesof the court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or one of the barons of the Exchequer, which they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer, in the fornr following; (that is to say, )

I AB. do ftvear, That, according to the hest of my kill and how ledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute the several power: and trusts vested in me by virtue of an act, entitled, An act to authorise the lord high treasurer, or the comtniffioners of the treasury, to appoint two of the com mi (Gone rs of the customs in England, and one of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, to inquire into the annual amount of the emoluments of officers of the customs, and other persons employed ia thai revenue,

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforefrid, Treasury may That the lord high treasurer, or the lords commissioners of his toupay*clerks majesty's treasury for the time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such fumsot money, not exceeding one thousand five hundred pounds, to such person or persons as the said commissioners of his majesty'j customs respectively, foto be appointed as aforesaid, shall, by writing under his or their hand or hands, director require, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majest/s exchequer; which sum so issued and paid shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and ia defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, by writing under their respective hands and seals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charge to be taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same, or on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commissioners of his Majesty's customs respectively shall diretfk; and which money so issued shall not be subjedto any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatever imposed by authority of parliament.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons tak That if any person, taking any oath by this act authorised or ing a falfeoatb required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if ofwjury etc. any pcr^on unlawfully procure or suborn any person to

'*take any oath by this act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such person shall commit wilful and corrupt prqury, every such person shall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflicted upon persons committing wilful. and corrupt perjury, or fubomation of perjury,

of this a^t.cc V And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in

697

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 65.'

force until the full day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and no longer; except for the purpose of trying or suing any person in consequence of any offence or offences committed in breach or violation of this act.

CAP. LXV

An ah to enable the east-india company to ralfe money by further

increasing their capitalfoci.

WHEREAS the affair: of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, require an advance of a considerable sum of money to answer certain present purposes be yond what the said company are now enabled by law to raise and it is expedient that such money Should be raised by an increase of their capital stock; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and: emporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemblecl, and by the authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united company, and they are hereby ato: horifed and empowered, by and with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, at any timeor, times hereafter, to open books and to receive subscriptions from any person or persans, natives or foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, for enlarging their present capital stock or fund of four millions of pounds, to any sum not exceeding the further sum of one million of pounds capital stock, so as to make their whole capital stock the sum of five millions; which said additional capital stock shall be subscribed and paid for at the rate of one hundred and seventy pounds for every one hundred pounds of such stock, or at such Dther rate as the court of directors of the said united company, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of hem, or of the high treasurer for the time being, shall direst; which said subscription shall be made, and the money for the said idditional stock shall be paid, in such manner and form, and by such instalments and proportions, as the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall appoint; ind the capital stock so subscribed and paid for, shall, from and ifter the time of such payment, be deemed, considered, and taken, as and for a part of the capital stock of the said company; and the said subscribers, from and after the time of making full payment for the said additional stock, and their respective executors or administrators and afllgns shall at all times be deemed and reputed to be members of the said united company, and incorporated therewith, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold and enj^y, all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be subject and liable to ill and every the regulations, rules, apd orders whereto the pre

Preamble.

east-india company, with the approbation of the treasury, may increase their capital stock 1 000, 0001, in the manner herein prescribed 5

698 Anno victlkno none Gfeoftaif III e. 65., [1789.

font rtockbomers and members of the find united company, in refpe6t of thellock held by and belonging to them am reflectively entitled, subject, and liable unto, by any act or acts of parliament, charter, or bye law, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional flock shall be transferable and assignable in the Kke manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof shall hold their respective shares of the said additional (lock in like manner as the respective present stockholders of the said company now do and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective sums now belonging to them in the present capital dock of the said united company; and the same ihali in all respects be consolidated and united as one joint (lock, and may pay II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That dend^on the t*1c united company shall and may, from time to rhyme, additional as mac nd p*y belike dividends to the proprietors of the said on the present additional flock as they now do and hereafter shall and may flock of the make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the present flock company. cf^fa un'rted company; the first of which said dividends shall commence from such rhyme as shall be specified in the proposals or terms to be offered for the said subscription by the said court, of directors, with such content and approbation as aforesaid.

Preference in III Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the for the^additi aut^or*ty aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and onal flock may fr l^c ai court dire<sh)rs, with such consent and approba

be given to the fion as aforesaid, to give the option and preference in fub present pro feribing for the said additional flock to such persons as shall prietors. bold company flock at the time or times of such

At Sept, i, subscription as aforesaid, as far as, and not exceeding the amount r7fejsf lit °* Pounds per centum on the capital stock which shall then shall exceed* held by each ftockholder so subscribing, for all such sums is the sum pro they shall fubfcrtbe on or before the first day of September doe posed to be thousand seven hundred and eighty nine 5 and in case the sob sold, aoropor* fcr*, ptj0n made by them on or before the said first day of Sep dualon to one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, shall ex

made from ceed the sum proposed to be sold at that time, a proportionable each fubferip deduction shall be made from each fubfeription} and if such tion; subscription shall, on the close thereof, on the said first day of

nn September one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, sali

deficiency to ort ^ufn pfoposed to be sold, the deficiency shall be

be disposed of disposed of to other persons, as the said court of directors, with to others. such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the an directors may thority aforesaid. That nothing herein contained ftm^ extend, thef^of°the or c0n^ruc(* to extend, to prevent or restrain the fcqdrt of whole to one directors of the said united company, by and with fuels ooo£nt or more and approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one eppere persons. person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, fo# th^fawbfthc whole of the said additional capital stock, or for parts thereof as they shall from time to time fit Vif A

it necessary and proper to sell; bat it (hill wo&mmfhe lawful

for

Anno Vfctsimo nono Georgii III. C 66.

for thf said court with such content and approbation as aforesaid, to contrast for, and agree to sell the whole, or any part thereof, to one or more person or persons.

V And be it further enacted, That as soon as reasonably. may be after the deposit or first payment shall be made for the said additional flock to be subscribed for, the said company's calhicr or treasurer shall give a receipt for the same, and so from time to time as future payments shall be made, which said receipts shall be assignable and transferable by endorsement thereon; and when the first payment shall be made on the said additional flock, to be subscribed for as afpresaid, the holder of such receipt, on delivering up the same, shall have his or her name entered in proper books to be kept by the said united company for that purpose, with an account of the capital stock belonging to each proprietor, in like manner as the accounts of the present proprietors of India flock are kept.

VI Provided always ftevertheless, and be it further enacted. That in case any fubferiber or subscribers, after having subscribed, shall fail in making all or any the payments agreed at the respective times for such payments, then, and in every such case, the said united company shall and may take in fubferip tions for and fell the flock subscribed for by such defaulter to any other person or persons; and all deposits and payments made by such defaulter, previous to such default, shall be forfeited to and become the property of the said united company.

VII And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and. other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

*99

Receipts to be given for payments, which shall be trans ferrable, C

If subscribers fail in making good all payments, their flock may be sold to any other persons, and the depo (its to be forfeited.

Public act.

CAP.. LX VI

An act to continue, for a limited time, and amend an act, made in the last fclljon of parliament, entitled, An act to regu.ate, for a limited time, the shipping and carrying Haves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

i8 Geo. sc. 54. .Prom Aug. X 1789, no vefle1 clearing out from 3reat Britain to carry (laves from Africa in greater nuraoer* than herein pecified. Vessels to be deemed of the tonnage set forth in their certi icates of regiftiy. Mastere of vessels to forfeit 301. for every slave rxoceding the limited number. If more than a jths of the (laves be: hijdren, 5 of the surplus to be deemed equal to 4 (laves. Mailers of rcftels, before they land any (laves in the West Indies, to declare upon >ath before the officer of the customs, the burden of the veflvi, C nd if they land (laves contrary hereto, to forfeit 5001. Officer of he <cttftomt to take an account of the (laves on board loch vefleu, etc. n penalty of 50i. Where there is no officer of the customs, any ivii officer tp receive the oath of the master, etc. No veflfel to carry ny Have, unless entered for that purpose at clearing out, and unless be surgeon give bond to keep a journal of the (laves during the oyage; which journal is to be delivered to the officer of the customs t the first British port of arrival, etc. Officer to deliver to the laster a copy of his oath and to the surgeon a copy of his journal, nd transmit duplicates to the commissioners of the customs. Matters r surgeons acting contrary hereto to forfeit xool. Act to extend to lion which Med before Aug. X 1989, if a Copy fee'delivered to/the VOL. XXXVI Aaa com

eotntninder before he has taken in more than the limited number sad

it at such delivery there shall be on board a number of any description beyond the allowed proportions, no more of that defeription is to be received, nor of any other, so as to exceed in the whose the pnhcribed 1 proportions. Matters acting contvary hereto, to forfeit 301, for ehch Have. Admiralty to appoint per font to deliver copies of the act to the commanders of Ibipa that failed prior to Aug. 1, x7?9» and to take si 1 account of the (laves. Such persons to send lists of tfte ships to which the act has been delivered, etc. to the collectors of the coftoons ia the British West Indies, etc. Commanders, etc. obtruding the persons appointed by the admiralty, to forfeit 100 1. Act not to extend to ships taking on board (laves found fnipwreeked, etc. The upper ssd lower cabin, and the space between decks, to he allotted to the flavei.

If any person take the charge of a veftef, who is not qualified as herds directed, he shall forfeit 50i. as alfothe owner who ihafl employ hm. No infarance to be made against any loss, except the perils of the fca, etc. No vessel to be cleared out that has not a surgeon who has pad his examination. If the officer at the port of discharge shall be satis&d that there have not died on the voyage ifcore than»Haves in the too, he it to give certificates to the matter and surgeon, and on production thereof to the commissioners of the enftoms, they are to order the roaf ter 1001. and the surgeon 50i. Like certificates to be given where the mortality has not been more than 3 in the 100, which will entitle the matter to 501, and the surgeon to 151. Commissioners to inquire into lottcs sustained in consequence of8 Geo. 3. C 54. by persons who have applied prior to Sept. 1, 1788 Such persons to lay before the. oorami(boners the grounds of their claims. Scc. Comrninioners to determine

the amount of lottcs, and report to parliament the compenia tion to be made. Committioners to take the following oath. Treafofy to order 1, 0001. to be issued for payment of clerks, See. His majestyto appoint to vacancies of commissioners daring the recess of parftuncat*

XV And, for the better regulation, encouragement and frefervation of the health of the officers and feamtn employed in Ships and vcjjels trading to the coaji of Africa for slaves and from thence to the West Indies and America, be it enacted by the Before any authority afontlaid, That from and after the first day of August ed^utwardj* one l^ou^anc^ seven hundred and eighty nine, before any ship the matter,or vessel is cleared outwards from any port in Great Britain, the officers, and maftej*, officers, and mariners, shall sign and execute articles of mariners, to agreement, and a muster roll, in the presence of, and witneifcd c^sofavree C c^ear'ng officer, and one of the tidefmen of the portjrotn

ment, etc. in whence the ship departs, and a duplicate of the articles of agree the forms ment and muster roll, duly signed and executed, shall bede hcreunto an livered to the aforesaid clearing officer, in order to its being noxother°d lodged with the proper officer in the customhouse, according to form to be the forms hereunto annexed, which agreement shall be conclu uftd, on pe five to all parties for the time contracted for, and no other form nalty ofjol. whatsoever of at tides of agreement or muster roll shall be.ujed, under the penalty of fifty pounds, one half to be paid to the ok of Greenwich hospitable, and the other half to the informer, or other person who shall sue for the same in any of his .courts of record, . ..... .r.

XVL And be it further enacted by the luthori^ afoee&id* Mutter roll to. That a continuation of the muster roll shall he rcgulatjjf.'jnd keptcgetc.riy >*u|y kcpl during the voyage, also a log book, wberem*11 1** penalties, forfeitures, and charges, against any officeroc

shall

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 66. 701

shall be regularly entered, and signed by the master, chief mate, and furgeori/and delivered in upon oath, together with the muster roll, on the arrival of the ship or vessel at her discharging port in Great Britain, to the collector or other chief officer thereof; and if any master, chief mate, or surgeon, shall be Penalty fr convicted of signing false muster rolls, articles of agreement, or ^"^rolta log book, he or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one him ctc,

dred pounds, and shall also suffer six months imprisonmenr.

XVII And be it further enacted. That no officer, marinerr No officer, etc. or seaman, shall be turned over or discharged, upon any pre to be

tence whatsoever, unless to assist a ship in acflual distress, which but

is to be certified by the principal officers of both ships concern uncj; r thecir ed, and an agreement made in writing with the said officers or cumstances men solent, or upon preferment, with the consent of the party, here, r men for which a certificate shall be given from the captain of any oftlone^* his Majesty's ships or vessels (it any are present), or in their absence two jriftices of the peace, or the collector and comptroller of the customs at the place or port where such ship or vessel shall be or shall first arrive; which certificate shall be returned with the muster roll and log book, on the arrival of the ship at her delivering port in Great Britain.

XVIII And be it further enabled, That no master, com No stop, etc. mander, or other person shall fopply the officers or mariners, to be sup seamen or seafaring men, with more stops, tobacco, (pints, or otthe any other article whatsoever, than to the amount of one fourth monthly part of the monthly wages of such officer, mariner, seaman, or wages, seafaring man.

XIX And be it further enabled, That if any officer, mariner, Regulation or seaman, shall behave in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous with regard to manner, it shall be lawful for the commander or commanding ^a^ngvn'a officer to put fuclv officer, mariner, or seaman into confinement riotou*. fedi for a time hot exceeding^werity fofor hours, before the same is tious, nr mu reported to the captain or commander of any of his majesty's tinou9 man ships or vessels (being present, or within a convenient distance), ner

who is hereby authorised to inquire into the cause of such complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found needffery, and to rant such relief and remedy therein as the circumstances of he case may require; and in case none of his Majesty's ships ire present, the cause of complaint shall be fully examined nto by the master and two officers, in the presence of the ship's rompany; and if it shall Be judged necessary for the safety of he ship and cargo to continue the offender or offenders in onfiriement, such determination shall be drawn up in writing, rith rhe reasons for coming to fuel! resolution stated at large, nd signed by the master and two officers, which they are hereby hjoineci, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to report without elay to the captain or commander or the first ship or vessel be ongmg'tb his Majesty they may fall in with, and in'default hereof to teport the same to the governor or chief officer of nybrftijb fbte on the coast of Africa, or to the governor of ny6f the ivtfi India, islands, 6n their arrival at any port or

A a a 2 road

^

702 Anno ticeftm? nonp Georgii ill C {tylj.

mad therein, that such racafacs may be taken to bring the o sender or offenders' to justice as the nature of the case wffl admit.

Mater to XX And be it further enacted, That the matter or other pcrf°n having or taking the charge or conunand of every sech this act, etc. feip 01 vessel, shall cause a printed abstract of this a<tt, and alfe to be hung up a copy of the schedule (A and of the muster roll respectiveb in the most annexed to this att, to be hung up and affixed to the matt

rnhijtwtfrf* place ot fe°k vc^cl ad the same

on penalty of to^constantly kept and renewed, so that at all times they may 201. be acccffible to the officers and Teamen on board of such ship

or vessel, uppn pain that every such matter, or other pc riba having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or veitci, who shall neglect to affix and renew the same, (halt, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

If mutinous XXI And be it further enacted, That if any officer, ma into r, ner or fear" an charged with mutiny or (edition, flail be de cu ftody" by livered over or taken into custody by the order of the governor

order of a or chief officer of any port eo the coast of Africa, or the gover govemor in nor of any of the ihands in the West Indies, a full ftatemem West Indicia upon oat they arc hereby empowered to administer

ftatement^up flail he n^de out and lodged with the said governor, together on oath to be with the names of the witnesses who are to (upport the charge lodged with alleged against the prisoner or prisoners, in order to their being etc gandifthe ^cnt some or trial, n the high court of admiralty for theoffeooe matter shall*or °ffcnces alleged against him ot them; and in case the said not appear at matter or commander of the said ship or vessel shall oeglcd to the trial, he appear at the triol, upon being duly summoned, or pubftek no shall incur tjce of trj3j 5cing given in the Louden Gazette, he flail not only ascthecourt be nonfe»ted, but shall incur such further penalty as the court flail adjudge. flail adjudge.

Officera, etc. xxli. And be it further entdied by the authority aforesaid, to continue in That upon the arrival of every ship or vessel at her diichargiag fhr vtovlta 1 Port n Great the officers and seamen therein flail be

cleared W 8 continued in fuh pay and piovisions until the ship t cleared wards. inwards, or their accounts settled and paid, and that all wages due to run men (lull be forfeited and paid to the use of Green wages of run which hospital, and all other forfeitures shall be applied as is cre^n^icht0 n the articles of agreement, any custom, law, or usage

10 lhe conlrafy notwithstanding.

Where offences may be tried, and penalties sued for. actions msjr be brought within three year after the offence. Persons taking bti&t oaths to incur the pains of perjury, etc. Continuance of this at.

CAP. LXVH.

An act for the more ejfeftuat execution of the laws refpeflihg gaols.

Preamble. T? O R the more effectual execution of tie laws now m being for tie x1 well ordering of gaols % and securing tie health of prisoners may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ecadted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice

and

j7$9-] vi^esimo do9q geeaoii 111. C t 703

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That at the general quarter session of the peace throughout At the quar ex&fand and wafa^to be next held after the end of this felgon tcr session % parliament, and at the first session of the peace to be held after Mubatlmas ip every succeeding year, the gaoler or other parliament, officer having the care or superiptendance of any gaol within and at the*the jurisdictbon of the court held such session, mall, and he is Michaelmas hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the chair man or other magifirate presiding in such court, a certificate certificate in according to the form hereunto annexed, subscribed by himself the form an and verified by him, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, on nexed, to be his oath, to be taken either before such court, or in case of lick delivered by nefs, or inability from any other cause to attend, then before tothc^hai^ some justice of the peace for the county, town, or difirict in man, read in which such gaol shall be situated, and that such certificate shall open court, express after each of the provisions therein enumerated, whether and cntcrc<) such provision is or is not complied with br observed within such gaol; and such certificate shall be read publicly in open court in the presence of the grand jury, and entered upon record as part of the minutes of the said session.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That The court to the said court of quarter session shall thereupon take the said x^e. cer* certificate into their consideration, and summon any person or consideration persons named therein to appear before them, and shall give CC

such directions, and make such orders relative to any of the matters contained in such certificate, as to such justices shall seem meet, and shall and may take security from any person or persons whom the same may concern for his or their due compliance therewith.

III And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or other Penalty on

officer, having the care or superintendance of any gaol, being a p°lcr* ncs* county gaol, shall neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered, cer

such certificate as aferefeid, be shall forfeit for every such offence tificatei. the sum of fifty pounds, and, not being a county gaol, the sum

of twenty pounds to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at wtjlmin (far, or court of great session in lvaley> or the county palatine of Cbijier % if the osence shall arise there, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin* protection, wager of aw* or more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed

Aa a 3

CER

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 67. f 1789.*

CERTIFICATE referred lo in the body of this a.

to wit

, A

- T the general quarter sessions of the peace, for the held at this day of

in the year of our Lord'the certificate of in pursuance of the

statute in this case made and provided, fefpeding the gaol of

22 Eff 23 C 2. C 20. enacts, that

Felons and debtors shall be kept separate, under penalties upon the sheriff or gaoler.

24 Q. 2. C 40. enads, that

1. No gaoler shall fell, lend, use, give away, or suffer spirituous liquors within any gaol, under a penalty.

2. Copy of the clause last mentioned, as alfoof two other clauses respecting the same, shall be hung up in the gaol, under a penalty.

32 2. C 28. enads, that -

The clerk of the peace shall caufea list of the fees payable by debtors, and the rules and orders for the government of gaols and prisons, to be hung up in the court where the assizes or sessions shall be held, and send another copy to the gaol $ and the gaoler shall cause the lame to be hung up in a confpicuaus place in the said gaol.

j3 G. 3. C 58. enads, that Clergymen may be provided to officiate in gaols.

14 G. 3. C 20. enads, that Persons acquitted, or discharged upon proclamation for want of prosecution, shall be discharged immediately, in open court, and without fee.

14 G. 3. C 59. enads, that

1. 'Die wails and ceilings of cells in gaols shall be feraped and white washed once in the year at least.

2. That the cells shall be kept clean; and

3. That they shall be supplied with fresh air, by ventilators or otheryvife.

4. That there shall be two rooms (et apart for

the hick.

5. That a warm and cold bath, or bathing tubs, shall be provided.

6. That this act shall be hung up in the gaol.

7. That a surgeon or apothecary shall be appointed, with a salary,

I

CAP.

Anno viccfcnu) nono Gjeorgii III C 68.

7°5

CAP. LXVIII

An act for repealing the duties an tobacco and snuff; and for granting new duties in lieu thereof .

WHEREAS, by an al made in the twenty seventh year of Preamble.

the reign of his present asajessy, entitled, An act for re7 Geo. 3. pealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting C 13. recited, other duties in lieu thereof, and for'applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, certain duties are imposed upon tobacco imported into Great Britain, and certain drawbacks are allowed upon the exportation thereof; and certain duties are also by the said imposed upon

snuff imported into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said duties and drawbacks, and in lieu thereof to impose the several duties and allow the several drawbacks, herein mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent inajesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority 9f the same. That, from and after the fromoff.ro, . tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty 1789. the du nine, the said duties by the said at imposed upon tobacco im ack

ported into Great Britain, and the said drawbacks by the said acton the impor allowed upon the exportation thereof from Great Britain, to tation of together with the said duties by the said act imposed upon snuff baccoted lo imported, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or drawback al payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, Wed on the allowing, or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may exportation at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, of tobacco, to fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, ccafc> which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said tenth day of October one thousand ieven hundred and eighty nine.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, and thefol that, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand lowing duties seven hundred and eighty nine, in lieu and instead of the duties f customs and drawbacks hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, ^paid, 'viz? collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount or abatement whatever, the several duties of customs and excise herein after mentioned;

(that is to say),

For every pound weight of tobacco, of the growth, produe r For every tion, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of spainp°un<j[of pr Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain, there shall

A a a 4 be tobacco im

?o6

ported, 18. 6d. customs, and as. excite;

, and when delivered from the warehouse for exportation icv. ciidoms, and ad. excise: for every lb. of Irish or, American tobacco imported, 6d. cllf tom and 9d. excise: for every lb. of snuff imported by the east-india company, tb. 3d. customs and is. excise: from British America, or the Spanish West Indies, 6d. customs, and is.excise: and from any other place, xod. customs, and is. 4d. excise.

Duties on tobacco and fnnff imported and warehoused not payable till delivered thereout.

Anno vicefknd nono Georgii III a [ 17^:

be paid a custom duty of one shilling and sixpence; arid ahbxn excise duty of two Shillings:

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, which Unit see delivered for exportation out of the warehouse or warchdwferki which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and feairtd, according to the directions of this act, there shall be paid a dwy ft customs of one penny; and also an excise doty of twopence:

For every pound weight of tobacco, of the growth or prodoc tton of Ireland, or of the growth or production of his Majesty's colonie?, plantations, islands, or territories in America, or of the united dates of America, imported into Great Britain, there (kitt be paid a custom duty of sixpence; and also an excise duty of nine pence: }

For, every pound weight of snuff, which shall be imported cr brought mto Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, there shall be paid a custom duty of one shilling and threepence; and also an excise duty of

two Shillings:

For every pound weight of snuff, .which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any British plantation in Amt ricay or from the spani/k iveft Indies there shall be paid a custoo duty of sixpence; and also an excise duty of one shilling:

For every pound weight of snuff, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any other place, there shall be paid a custom duty of ten pence; and also an excise duty of one shilling and fourpence.

III Provided always, That if any tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, and warehoused according to the directions of this act, then and in such case only, the duties imposed by this act upon the importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such tobacco shall be delivered, cither for home trade, confumption, or manufacture, or for exportation (as the case may be) out of the warehouse in which the same shall be depofired, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of this act; or if any other tobacco, which may be lawfully imported into this kingdom, shall be imported and brought into Great Britain 2nd warehoused according to the directions of this act, then, and in such cate only, the duties imposed by this act upon the importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such tobacco (hah be delivered, for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, out of the warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of this act: provided aflb, That if any snuff shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, and wareboufed according to the directions of this act, then, and in such case only, the duties imposed by this act upon the importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until (bch feaff shall be delivered out of the warehottfe in which the same fhifl

Aribfi vicdsimo nono Georgii III. C S 707

lepoifittd, lodged, and (Secured, according to the directions of ad.

VI And be it further enacted That such of the said duties Duties to be tuftfesns by this act imposed, as shall arise or become due in undo*them*: port of Great Britain called England, shall be under the the commit lagcment of the commissioners of the customs in England for fioncu of the time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become due in customs and t part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the ma*c*fc; e>titnt of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the lan^refik^ e being; and that such of the excise duties by this act im tivdy, CD as shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain led England, shall be under the management of thecommif lers ot excise in England for the time being; , and such thereof shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called tlenod, shall be under the management of the commissioners of cife in Scotland for the time being.

V And whereat the regulations already provided by law to prevent

1 fraudulent and clandestine importation of tobacco tobacco falis9

a fnuff9 into Great Britain, and to prevent the fraudulent re

iding of tobacco, after the same has been )hipped for exportation, or

luauf exported, have beenfound ineffectual; be it therefore enacted,

hat from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand From 0&. rp,

vea hundred and eighty nine, no tobacco whatever shall be noto

nported or brought into Great Britain, from any port or place jra^tedjbut

hatever, other than same port or place within his majestyv from Ameri

: ionics, plantations, idands, or territories in America, or some ca, on penalty

ort or place within the united states of America, although the of its for

tme shall have been legally imported into and exported from

\roat Britain, and returned for want of sale or otherwise, upon 1 y

ain of forfeiture thereof, together with the hogsheads, casks,

hefts, cases, and packages, respectively, containing the same, and

Mo the ship or vessel in or on board which the same shall be

mported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition,

tackle, and apparel; and such tobacco, hogsheads,

a(kf, cherts, cases, and packages, i^spectively, and also such ship

r vessel with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and

ippard, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the

rurtoms or excise.

VI Provided always, That nothing herein contained fhaly except spa xtend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any and" obacco, of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plan frifh tobacco, tations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, or of the growth or underthepre production of Ireland', imported respectively in the manner, and fentrcgula -- urtder the rules, regulations, reflections, and provisions (exceptt, on, f where other rules, regulations, restrictions, or provisions are in

that behalf provided by this at) with such tobacco was subjedb and liable to by any act or acts of 'parliament in force at and immediately before the said tenth day of October one thouffnd feveit hundred and eighty.nine.

VII And be it further enacted. That, from and after the first From Aog. X of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no to

porte<i in

708

ships of left bnrthen tuan xxotons CD be forfeited, with the vessel.

Ho tobacco lulkt, tobac

vessel, etc.

Anno vicesimo nooa Georgii III [17s9.

bacco or snuff shall be imported or brought itvt^ gn^.blri^aiis, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek, thereof, from foreign, parts, in or on board any ship, vessel, or boat of less burden than one hundred and twenty tonnes, on pain of forfeiting all Rich tobacco and snuff respectively, together with the hogsheads, calks, cherts, cates, and package respectively containing the same, and alb the ship, vessel, or boat, in or on board which such tobacco or snuff mall be so imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and such tobacco, fnuffi hogsheads, calks, cherts, cases, and packages respectively, and also such ship, vessel, or boat, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

VIII And be it further enacted. That no tobacco stalks, whether manufactured or unmanufactured, or tobacco stalk

wfnuffw^k Hour, or snuff work, shall be imported or brought into Groat to be import Britain, from foreign parts, in any hip, vessel, or boat whatever, CD on penalty on pain of forfeiting all such tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, ofits ferfei. and snuff work respectively, with the hogsheads, calks, cherts, tore, with the cafcs) ancj other packages respectively, containing the lame, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, in or on board which the same Hull be so imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and such tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and other packages respectively, and also such ship, vessel, or boat, guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

IX And be it further enabled, That no tobacco or snuff shall be imported or brought into Great Britain in any bogfhead, calk, chert, case, or other package, except in an hogshead, calk, chert, or case, or in hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases, each of which shall contain at the lead four hundred and fifty pounds weigh net of tobacco or snuff, not packed in bags or packages within any such hog(head, calk, chert, or case, nor separated or divided, within any such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, or in any manner whatever, on pain of forfeiting all such tobacco and fauff re fpetftively, with the hogsheads, calks, cherts, cases, and other packages refpeaively, containing the same, and aho the ship, vessel, or boat in which the same mall be so imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and such tobacco and snuff, hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and other packages respectively, and also such ship, vessel, or boar, guas, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

X Provided always, That nothing in this a contained ftufi extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit anyjfiif^

_________ vessel, or boat, or her guns, furniture, ammunition, facktfe pr

the ufcof the apparel, for or by reason of any tobacco beiqg^imported jp crew, not ex brought in such ship, vessel, or boat, into Grfdt bkitoim* Jpose, for eac^ oer or x^c use t, ie amen then belongmg to and boa^d jg$h tonne?*'ship, vessel, or boat, or for the use ofjhepaffcpgcrf thqpl&ng

on

aor tobacco orhuffb caffc* containing left than 450 lb. on like penalty;

but not to extend to loose tobacco brought for

^89*} Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 6$, 709.

1 board such ship, veflfel, or boat, not exceeding five pounds eight of tobacco for each person, nor to forfeit any such bacco.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing nor shall the this ait contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to (tend, to prevent evidence from being received in any suit or be made^roai formation brought for the forfeiture of any ship or vessel, for the fmailnefs r on account of any tobacco or snuff imported or brought in of the quan ly ship or vessel, in order to shew, from the fmailnefs of the t, t3r*tlut jantity of the said tobacco or snuff, and under the circumftan^fnuffa«nw is of the case, that the said tobacco or snuff was on board such on board lip or vessel without the knowledge and privity of the owner, without the of the master or other person having or taking the charge or knowledge of >mmand thereof, and without the wilful neglect or want of rafter^lafonable care in the discharge of the duty of such owner, iafter, or other person having the charge or command of such lip or vessel; and in every such case, where proof shall be made, om the fmailnefs of the quantity of tobacco or snuff, and other rcumstances, that such (mail quantity was on board without te knowledge, privity, or consent, either of jthe owner, or the iafter or other person having or taking the charge or command lereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of reasonable ire, either in the owner, or in the master or other person having r taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, then and 1 every such case such ship or vessel shall not be forfeited for or n account of such small quantity of tobacco or snuff.

XII And be it further enacted, That if any ship, vessel, or vessels.witji oat shall be found at anchor, or hovering, within the limits of more ny of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of le coast thereof, or shall be discovered to have been within fni^ ich limits or distance, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind tobacco nd weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable necessity, folks, etc. or distress of weather (of which necessity ordiftrefs the master

other person having or taking the charge or command of such found at an lip, vessel, or boat, shall give notice to, and make proof before chor or jho le collector or other chief officer of the customs of the port veringwithhi rithin the limits of which such ship, vessel, or boat shall be.

3tmd immediately after the arrival of such ship, vessel, or boat CC0M rithin the limits of such port) having on board any tobacco or luff, which, taken together or separately, shall exceed one hun red pounds weight, or any tobacco ftatks, whether manufactured r unmanufactured, or any tobacco (talk flour, or snuff work, lien not only all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco (talk lour, snuff work, and snuff, respectively, together with the ogfheads, calks, chests, cases, and other packages respectively ontaining the same, but also the ship, vessel, or boat on board which the same shall be found as aforesaid, with her guns, umitore, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited, whether bulk shall then have been broken or not, and shall and nay be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

And be it further enacted, That no tobacco of the Regulations

growth for the imo

portation of American tobacco.

Tobacco or

snuff to be forfeited if imported into any other part of Great Britain, than the places herein enumerated.

Anno jricesimo none Gsoxoii III C 6$. [1789.

growth or production of his ma]cfl/s coionics, plantations,

irtand$, or territories in America, or of the growth or produ^ka of the united itates of America, shall be imported or brought mte Great Britain, unless the same (if it be tobacco of the growth or production of his majesty's said coionics, plantations, iftaods, or territories) shall be imported into Great Britain directly from some part of the said coionics, plantations, islands, or territories, or if the same be tobacco of the growth or production of the said united states unless the same mall be imported or brought into Great Britain directly from some part of the said united itates; nor shall any such tobacco be imported or brought into Great Britain from any part of the said coionics, plantation, islands, or territories, unless the thip or vefle) in or 00 bond which the same shall be fb imported or brought shall be Brifi^ built, registered according.tolaw, and navigated with the matter and three fourths of the mariners Brittfl>\ nor (hah any fbeh tobacco be imported or brought from any part of tbo said united itates, unless the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought shall be either british bxj\\t, registered and navigated as aforesaid, or shall be built in the countries belong ing to the united states of America, or any of them, and owoed by the subjects of the said united states or any of thews, ami navigated with a matter and three fourths of the mmiocss at lead, subjects of the said united itates, or any of them, upon pain of forfeiture of all such tobacco as shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, contrary to the directions of this act, together with the hogsheads, caiks, cherts, c^fes, and other packages respectively, containing the same, and the ship or vrflek in or on board which the same shall be imported or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, sod apparel; and such tobacco, and the hogsheads, caiks, chdb, cases, and other packages respectively, containing the ferine, to gather with the ship or vcfiel in or on board which the fmm shall be so imported or brought, and her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall and may be feiacd by anj officer or officers of the custotns or excise.

XIV And be it further enacted, That no tobacco or ibuff whatever shall be imported or brought into any part of Gramme Britain, except the ports of London, brifol Liverpool, Lamafkr, Owes Falmouth, iphitebaven, Hull, Port Glajgom, Qreewack, and Leith, upon pain of forfeiture of all such tobacco and (iauw respectively as shall be imported or brought into any part of Grant Britain, except some or one of the find ports herrin hifam enumerated, together with the hogsheads, caiks, chefta, cases, and other packages respectively, containing such fcobedo* m (huff refyectively, and the ship or vcfiel in or 00 board which the same shall be so imported or brought, together with her gam, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; andfochfotwcc* and (huff respectively, and the hogsheads, caiks, chdb, cases, and other packages respectively, containing the same, toyfer with the thip or vcfiel in or on bowd wbick the tatoeihae be b

imported

17*9*1 Anno vioe&tno nono Georgii II C 69 711

mpotted or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle and apparel, shall and may be seized by any officer ?r officers of the cudoms or excise.

XV Provided heverthdefs, That if any tobacco, of the growth American to r production of the said united dates, which shall, in the fair hacco im m.d.. lawful way of barter or traffic between the people of the tteweftfodia [aid united dates and any of the people of his majesty's islands islands in n the West Indies, be imported or brought from any part of the traffic, may aid united dates into any of the said islands by British subjecvs,* from. m.d.. in british built ships owned by his majesty's subjects, and into uvigated according to law, it shall and may be lawful to export greatbritaia, From any of the said islands, the same tobacco, and to import it under the directly from thence into some one or other of the said refyective reftriaions ports herein before enumerated, in a briti/k built ship or vessel mca- of the burden of one hundred and twenty tonnes or upwards, (b regidered and'navigated as aforesaid, subject nevertheless to the several rules, regulations, redriclions, and provisions in this a:

: and provided for the importation into Great Britain of tobacco directly from his majesty's said coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America.

XVI Provided also, That the n*me or names of the fevers! Karnes of the sod respective ships or vessels, in which suck tobacco shall be soc(tcl8* ct imported frdm any part of the said united dates, into any of the [©b^co?nto said islands in the fve/l fydmy and also the several and respective the West names of the several and respective masters of such ships or Indies, to be yefleis, shall be particularly fpecitied in the manifed or manifeds,

ar content or contents in writing, accompanying into Great^«** "** Britain such tobacco Co imported, according to the directions of; his acl

XVII Apd be k further enacted. That when any ship or Officers of the

tc&d whatever shall have taken on board tobacco at any port or customs in jlace whatever within his majesty'scolosties, plantations, islands, coio^cfm § ar territories in America, in order to convey the same from thence America to mo Great Britain, the collector and comptroller of the cudoms deliver to the it fetch port or place where such ship or vessel shall have taken on of.

>oard such tobacco, if there shall be such collector and comp - clmrfnga** Toiler resident at such port or place, and, in default thereof, manifest, wo other chief officers of the cudoms at such port or place, which shall hali, at and on the clearing of every such ship or vessel by the authorise the aropef officer of the cudoms appointed for that purpose, deliver j^thculbac o the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or co Great command of such ship or vessel, a manifed or content in writing, Britain, mder their hands and seals of office, which manifed or content

bail, con tain the name of the port or place where such tobacco 0 fetch; manifed or cootenc mentioned shall have been lb taken aboard, the name and built of the ship or vessel so taking the kaaepa board, and the true admeasurement or tonnage thereof icoonbng to the vegider of the same, together with the chridiari m.d.. fername^of the mader, or other person having or taking the dtarge orcommand of suchfbip pr vessel, and the port and place o which fitchrlbip or vessel truly belongs, and a true account of

1712 Anno vicehmo nono Georgii 1h. C €8.. £1789,

till the tobacco so laden on board such ship or vessel, with the number of hogsheads, calks, chefti, and cases, containing the same, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in eatfc such hogftiead, calk, chest, or case, together with the mark and numbers seton each and .every such hogshead, calk, chest, 'w case, with the care of each such hoefhead, calk, chest, nr case;

and such weight of the tobacco and care refpeflivefy shall ahb be marked on each such hogshead, calk, chest, or case; which said manifest or content, and none other, shall be required for such tobacco imported in pursuance of and according to the di i regions of this act, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

From 051.10, XVIH. And be it further enacted, That from and after the 1790, o to tenth jay^October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no growth of the tobacco °£ growth or production of the united states of American America shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from Oatratobe any part of the said united states, unless the master, or other imported person having or taking the charge or command of the Ibip or manifrft* vessel importing such tobacco, shall have on board a manifest or fwom to by manifest, $, content or contents in writing, made out and signed the matter of by such master or other person, on or before the clearing of such the vessel ship or vessel, at all, each, and every the ports or places within the said united states where such tobacco shall be laden on board, containing the name or names of the several and refpedkve ports or places where the tobacco in such manifest or mantfefts, or content or contents mentioned shall have been lb refpefiively laden on board, the name and built of such ship or vessel, together with the christian and surnames of the master or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the port or place to which such ship or vessel truly, belongs, and aifo the tonnage of such ship or vessel; which too

nage, if such ship or vessel Shall be british built, shall be deemed and taken to be the true admeasurement according to the register thereof; and which manifest shall also contain a true account of all the tobacco so laden on board such ship or vessel, Wkh the number of hogsheads, calks, cherts, and cases respecuvdy; containing the same, and the particular weight of the tobacco contained in each such hogshead, calk, chdl, or case, together with the marks and numbers seton each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case, with the care of each such hoglhesfd, calk, chest, or case; and such weight of the tobacco and cart fe foedti vely shall also be marked on each such hogshead, calk chest, or case; upon which said manifest or manifests, or cofttem'br contents in writing, there shall be endorsed the 01th of the hiifhr or other person having or taking the Charge or oototmrkfoffaeh Ibip or vessel, testifying the truth thereof, and fworri to Wfftfch 'master or other person, on or before such clearing Of Ift or vessel in the said united states, before the Brtfijk there shall be any British consul they resident port or place where such tobacco shall be before some magistrate or publick ofltetf

Dogle

1789-] Anno vicesimo none Georgii III C 68. 71j

such placeoc port, if there be not any British consul resident at or near to such port Or place: which manifest, and none other,

shall be retired for such tobacco imported from the said united dates of America, in pursuance of and according to the directions of this aany law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Prom oft.io, said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, 1

if any tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, Join

any ship or vessel whatever, from any port or place within his bacco from majesty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America, America.

: r from any port or place within the united states of America, w.itllout without such manifest or manifests, or content or contents in writing, as is in that behalf herein directed, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XX And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Matters of tenth day of Ofiobtr one thousand seven hundred and ninety, q1j1g?hv^e, gvery matter or other person having or taking the charge or^"aj command of any ship or vessel, in or on board which any tobacco four leagues shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, either from any of the coast, port or place within his majesty's said coionics, plantations, Jo .produce Hands, or territories m America or from any port or place to^he'proper within the said united ftgtes of America, shall, upon the arrival officers, ctc^ A such ship or vessel within the limits of any of the ports of

Great Britain, dr within four leagues of the eoalx thereof, produce

: o all and every officer and officers of the customs, and also to

all and every officer and officers of exrife, who shall come on

hoard, such (nip or vessel within such limits or distance, all and

svery such manifest or manifefls, dr content or contents in

writing, for his tfhd their examination and inspection; and all

ind every such officer and officers, to whom such manifest or

nanisetts, or content or contents shall have been so produced,

hall certify such production upon the back thereof; and such

natter or other person (o having or taking the charge or com

nand'of any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall provide, give,

tnd deliver to the first officer of the customs who shall come on

x>ardfoch ship or vessel, on the arrival thereof within the limits

f any of the said ports herein before enumerated, and shall

ilfo in like manner provide, give, and deliver to the first officer

f excise who shall come on board such ship or vessel, on the

trrival thereof within the limits of any of the said ports herein

>efore enumerated, a true copy of such manifest or manifests, or

content or contents; and each Arch officer shall certify upon the

>ack of such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, the

cceipt of such copy or copies thereof, with the particular day

tad the time when each such officer so received the same; and Officer of the

uohiqfficer of the customs who shall first come on board such cust°m»to

bipror vessel shall batten, fasten, and lock down the main and ^hatcht*

sther hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place of wayb.

towag*in such stupor veflid p attd if such officer shall neglect foto

> by

*7i4 Anno vfttfimb npnogfcomoiiiii. c.^k?. r,

to do, then and irt that case any other officer or officers of the customs shall batten, fatten, and lock down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to the hold or place ofttowage in such ship or vessel; and the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel shall, and he is hereby required to aflitt or cause to be assisted such oicer or ofikers, by and with a diffident number of the crew of such ship or velfcl, in the battening and locking down such hatchway Fthe matter or hatchways: and if any such matter or other person shall neg rcftife to pro ]e or refuse to produce such maftifett or manifests, of content or nif^tket** contcnfs>or Co ghrcatw such c°py thereof, or to assist or cause to or if the*be aflifteri any'such officer or officers in battening, fattening, or

hatchway, locking down inch hatchway or hatchways, according to the diretfions of this act; or If any such hatchway shall, after the down shallafnc ^tve^kattcncd> fattened, or locked downs be improperly aforefcud, according to the directions of this act, be opened; a opened, he if any fattening or lock affixed to any such hatchway, for the I

shall forfeit purpose of fattening Or locking the same, according to the di j

*ooi* regions of this act, shall be opened, broken, or damaged, after

such hatchway shall Have been so battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, and before the same shall have been opera! | by the proper officer or officers of the customs; the matter | person having or taking the charge or command of fed ship or vessel shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit tk Aim of two hundred pounds.

If hulk be XXI And be it further enacted, That if, after the arrival broken withinship or vessel having tobacco on board, within the limits a of'the^coast* ny porta'ia Great Britain, or within four leagues of tfc

C the vessel, coast thereof, bulk shall be broken, or any part of the tobsec: C to be for, laden on board such ship or vessel shall be unladen or unfhipptf a <rted* nnd froin or Hit of such ship or vessel, within the said limits C j pay acx?l!r t0dtstance, and, if within the limits of any of the ports first herds before enumerated, before such ship or vessel shall have bee moored according to the directions of this act in that behalf, £ before the proper officer or officers of the customs, with the co font of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Engkadb the time being, or any four or more of them, or the comm dionttrs of his majesty's customs in Scotland for the time bekt. or any three or more of them, 'for that purpose, shall! havedi i sttrthorifed the unlading thereof, every such ?hip or vessel, w I gether with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and sp pare!, and all he tobacco then in or on board such ship vessel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any a Acer or officers of the customs or excise, and such master &reik person shall forfeit the Aim of two hundred pounds.

Penalties on XXII Provided always. That no such (nip or vessel9'i breaking bulk guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, or apparel, twr I

hatchways tobacco then in or on board such ship or vessel, shall be not to extend or ty rcatt>n of bulk being broken, or any of to veflela being unladen or unfttipped as aforesaid I nor ftuh Iink where the or other person incur the said igft^nenuoaed pcaqjty

Anno viecfiiw none Gsoion III C 68.

hundred pounds, in case the same was occasioned by unavoidable accident, neceffiry, or diftreb, and proof thereof shall be Unmediately made by the master or other person having or taking (lie charge or command of such ship or vessel, and two or more of the mariners belonging to and on board such ship or vessel, upon oath, before the collector or other chief officer 'of the customs of the port within the limits of which such accident, necessity, or dittrefs shall have happened, or before the collector or other chief officer of the customs of the first port of Great Britain within the limits of which such ship or vessel shall afterwards arrive, if such accident, necessity, or diftrefe shall have happened not within the limits of any British port; nor shall the Dialler or other person having or taking the charge pr command of any ship or vessel, whose hatch way or hatchways shall, after the same shall have been battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, incur the said penalty of two bundled pounds herein imposed on such matter or other "person, for or by reason of any such hatchway being opened, or for or by reason of any fattening or lock affixed to any such hatchway, for the purpose of. locking the same according to the directions bf this at, being opened, broken, or damaged, in case the same shall have been occasioned by unavoidable accident, necessity, or distress, and like proof shall be made upon oath, before the collector or other chief officer of the customs, at such of the said ports herein beford enumerated within the limits of which such ship or vessel shall first arrive; and all such collectors, and other chief officers respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to admmifter the oaths respecuvely by this at directed or authorised to be made.

xxfti. And be it further enabled. That if any tobacco or snuff, which Shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, liiall be landed or put on share in Great Britain, or unshipped or delivered from or out of any ship, vessel, or boat, with intention to h? landed or put on more in Great Britain, without a Warrant for the landing or delivery of the same first signed by the proper officer or officers of the customs in that behalf, and without the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs, all such tobacco or snuff respeciively, together with the hogftieads, calks, cheftg, cases, and other packages whatever, Containing the same, and the ship, vessel or boat in or on board which the same shall be so imported or brought, and from which Che same shall be so unshipped, and also the ship, vessel, or boat into which the same shall be so unshipped, and likewise all and catch and every ship, vessel, and boat by which or from which t he same, after having been so unshipped shall be landed or de vd, with all their guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and wf|g»arel respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall nd may be jfeaftedi by any officer or officers of the cuttomi or excise; and the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, coniignee consignees, of any such tobacco or snuff, and the matter, snate, or other person or persons having or taking the charge or xxxvl. Bbb ' command

same has been done by unavoidable accident or nc ccffity.

Tobacco or snuff landed without a warrant from the proper officer to be forfeited, and the proprietor, C to forfeit treble the value

L

comratflion ers of the customs to appoint paces for mooring of veflel8 importing tobacco till cleared.

Matters neglecting to moor their

Aflao yitt&ino.flotfb Geossu HL cs. [

commaodof ay such fliipj veffd, or boat^and au. and person of persons who shall be in any wise concerned, or or sitting in the unthipping, landing, or delivery of any tobacco or fhuff, or .to whole hands, cuttody, otpoflefikxt such tobacco or fnuffshall come after the same mall be so shipped; landed, or delivered, or put on shore as afareittd,

(he, or they knowing the same to have been so unshipped, lam or delivered, shall for every such offence forfeit treble the vafar^f such tobaccoor snuff rejptdtively, to beettimated according tothc bestand higl^eff rate and price which tobacco or snuff re^eo tively, . of the best quality, shall sell for in London st thews when such forfeiture shall be incurred,

XXIV And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners of the customs in England for the t; me being, or any four or more of them, shall, and they the said commissioners, or any four or more of them, are hereby required, from tonne to time, to six and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed and from time to time continued, at each and every of the ft spective ports in England herein before enumerated; (that is to say, ) London, bri/tol, Liverpool, Lamqfler, Cowes Fainsoa#, Whitehaven, and Bulla certain place for the mooring all ships or vessels, in or on board which any tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, according to the diredioo* of this actor which shall come to or arrive within such rcfpeftise ports; and the said commifltoners of the customs in Septan i for the time being, or ally three or more of them, shall, and they the said last mentioned commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby required, from time to time, to six and ip point, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from rhyme io time continued, at each of the said respective ports in Scutlzi I herein before enumerated; (that is to say, ) Port Gla'gnr, Greenock, and Leith a certain place fof the purpose of moorinj 11 such ships and vessels, in or on board which any tohacc* shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, according j the direflions of this at, and which shall come to or arrive within such respective ports; and the matters, or otherperfeos respectively, having or taking the charge or command of hsa ships or vessels, shall, at their respective costs and charges immediately on such arrival of such ships or vessels, cause all fed ships or vessels respectively to be conducted to and moored st such places so fixed and appointed, at the said ports reipc&pvefy to which such ships or vessels shall so come, or within which such ships or vefflels shall respectively arrive; and all such (flips or vessels shall, at the costs and charges of such matters, or other persons respectively, remain and continue at such moorings until all the tobacco on board the same shall have been landed and delivered therefrom, in manner herein mentioned, ' and tufcif such ships or vessels shall have been regularly cleared by the. proper officer or officers of the customs for that .purpose; arid if ny such matter or other person final I omit, riegfc^, df refuse to cause any such ship or vessel foto be xpqduded &

oorefig

*7^} Anno vicesimo riono gfeoroii ill. C 68.

c^6rh|fto the fliredtions of this act in that behalf, or if aftjffiich ship or vessel shall depart from or leave such her mooring, contrary Horthe diredtibns of this act in that behalf, the matter or other pfcffon having or taking the charge pr command of ftidt ffiip or vessel shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, unless, fh too judgement of the said commissionen, such matter or other person shall be prevented from such compliance by means of arty tinvoidable accident.

XXV And be it further enacted, That on the arrival of any ship or vessel, in which any tobacco shall be imported or brought into any or either of the ports herein before enumerated, at such her moorings, at any or either of the said ports herein before enumerated, the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel shall make a just and true entry or report upon oath, 'with the collector or qther chief officer of the customs of such port, Openly at the custorrt house of such port, of the burden, contents and lading of such ship or vessel, with the particular marks, numbers, qualities, and contents of every parcel of goods then laden in or on board such ship or vessel, to the belt of his knowledge and belief, and do and perform every act and thing in relation! thereto, before the collector or other chief officer of the customs of ftjch port, openly in rhe customhouse at such port, in the manner and as the owners, matters, purfers, or briber persons taking charge of ships or vessels are dire<9ed and required by an act made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty queen Elizabeth intituled, An dif limiting (he time for laying on land mer efiandizes from beyond the seat) and touching cujioms of fxueet wines, and by an act made in the thirteenth'and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses ih his Majesfs cujiomsunder the penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and all tobacco found on board' any; such ship or, vessel, gf which no such report fhtajl hae been made with the ool ledlpr or other chief officer of the customs, shall be forfeited td&eiller with the hogsheads, caflcs, chetts, cases, and other packages respectrvely, containing the same and such tobacco hogsheads, calks, chelt*, cases, and other package ffefpi&ivelyf friall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the custortl* Or Recife! r''' '.

And be it farther fenacted, That the matter or other

Sgr having or taking the charge or comhnartd of any such w*vessel (lull, at the time when such entry or report upon !shall be or ought to have been so ntade, deliver to the 6t other chief'officer of the customs, at such ports re fudh minifeft t>r mantfefts', or content or contents in wtf^g'as herein mentioned; and if any such matter or other person shaft omit, neglect, orrefufe to deliver fijeh manifest or Jtthriifefts, Or content or Contents, to such collector or other thief Officer of the cbftoms, according to the directions of this a hvcrfcctch matter or other person.ot persons so offending

B b b 2 shall,

/

7*7

vrifeli, C to forfeit look

If on arrival at her moorings the matter neglect to make cptry of'any fufch vessel, etc. h

shall forfeit ioo). and the tobacco, etc.

Matters neglecting to deliver mani/efts to the officer of the custom, to forfeit look

7*8

Importers of tobscco to make entry with the officers of the customs and eiciccof the quantity, etc. within the, time herein limited after the arrival thereof;

Anno vioefirnb nono georqmiii,

Audi, far emery ffichosence, forfeit' tbp'.tfim $

**°XXVH» And be, it further epadted/ttai allaha '£fc£f'\ia'j porter orimportets, proprietor or, proprietors, consignee 6rcon* ligates of tobacco imported or brought iptq any of either otthe porta herein more enumerated, shall! relpedivrfy, wjtmnten days, if the wboje.or the.majqr part of tfje landing oath ftip or vefliel in which. fpph.tdb>*cco shall be (b imported P brought sat tobacco, or within fifteen day*if the major partqft sliding of. tack ship, or yaffil (balfconfift of other goods, .and htfc'dtitobacco, after tberopflejr or other person having or takinvffie charge nr command of such thip dr vesselshall have pt ought so have made fficli entry or report open oath, make, wuhtheedl le&or or other chief officer of the cultqms, and alfp wirt^ffiij cohedtor of excite of such of the said ports herein, before3et^i mcrated, into, which any fuclt tobacco shall be im^offed«brought in any such ffiip or veffij, a tjue entry in wrft^ of'aa such tobacco in or on board bach ffiip or veitej, belongnfefp

andimportera of snuff to make like entry.

produ&ipn of Irfktf4, tu of hisjjdajelfy coionics, pfaritafiorts, astands, or tetri coriestn Amenta* or of the u lifted bf

america*and aifo» tba'nymbeioftofb^ cases, with lw pprtifuht marks^atip njji^bff>t'each, of jf)tdtj and the weight apd, Qqantity of tah^£ con|*uv^ffijet Am agreeably to die feverpl. ^ncl refect? fltarks, ^ntffinbets, ind contents as fpeeffied i % tbejpanifefl, of ajjmisers, or content or content s>n writing, yejativc to such ecffi&ojvq tobacco, a fidafb agreeably to the particulars fetforjth'm sich enlry br fejx^f umi on oath of the msftex .or other person having tpknvg^the charge or command.pt the ftdpprvettq in or ^jbodftr wpidh such tobacco shall be, fa, refpe$ivclyimported or brouibl' into either of the port bpfeip beforeeriutheratetf.' V, U \ xxvilj, And be, jt further ehacted, that.wrttnn tbvi.^tfifvi neat after the mailer or purler' for, that, voyage, of thcmijfpr vessel whereinany.fmiff shall be imported or brought fiitq li>y & either of the portsiverein beforeenunxcratfdiihalthave oif'<ft|ght to have made a just and true entry or report upon oath qfllfa tw* then, contents, and lading of such ffiip qt veffilip'pufljt^ the d»rcdlions of the said.acts madeio the firil ycarof Till of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, . aq40 thf |mrteerft|. fourteenth years of ffie reign of King ca^/f^fie, ^econo, importer or importers, proprietor' or ^ppn^ws. conhgoees, of such shall makei,

chiet officer of thcwl^v^

«iie, of such; of the fjtid ports., bereui beffire ernutifcj^ka ibid

'«b*hfany {** fpr?.#)1*.'?

board ftkfr ship v^ei, a truf cmrv^ w^ting; f aij such tniis in or on board such ship or vcffipf, Belonging to likes itftponer u 'or

f79*1 Anno vfceiinao nono Georgii III C 68. 719

or inmprters, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees specifying in such entry, whether Hie same be snuff imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East ipdiesy 6t fittiff imported from any Brtiifb planuribnin aqiericqy or from the Spauift iveft indth, or snuff imporned from anji other place, and also the nuihbei ttf feogstead*, cases, cherts, and cases, with the particular*'marks nvtd numbers of \

each and every of them, and the weight aftd quantity of snuff com^ricd therein; aim if the importer of importers, proprietor Iffuch entry or proprietors; cdnfignfe or C nfignees, of any tobacco or (huff be not made, imported or brought into any pr either of the ports herein tbetob^eo bpfpre enumerated, fhaji onrih, riegted, or rdfiife, contrary to the bc^ontcyed' dirc&ibhs of this act, to make, with the iollcftor or other chief to the King's officer of the custoirts, and with the colleftdr of excise, of such warehoufr, of t^claid ports herein beforcenumerated, into whfch any such and per tobacco of snuff shall be brought or imported as herein tiireft CD such true entry in writing of any Such tobacco or snuff in or be paid for of board any such ship or vessel, belonging to such importer or warehouse iotnorrers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee of confignecs, it rcat* fhsvf and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of the cufifoms or excise to convey all such tobacco and snuff re fpeftivfcly, together with the bogheads, caflcs^ cherts, and cases containing the same, to sortie or one of the tespective warehouse or waif^iqufes to be, .provided according'to the directions of this act; apd such tobacco (hall/be deposited, lodged, and secured therein for thefpace oftwenry fourmomtts, and such snuff m*11 bedeposited, lodged, and secured therein for theypaccof onp month, unless such toftacco and Mpeftively shall be cleared and taken from or out of such wifelkhifc 6r Warehouse, by We importer or imposters, proprietor 6r>proprietors, consignee or <&nfignee$ thereof, before the rtc^lratfbrt of such twenty fopr months, or one month respectively; add no such tobacco or (huff shall be cleared Of delivered from bf 'Out of such ware hpufc or warehopfes, unless the importer dr Importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or confi^nefjs 'thereof (hull tirft psyt, into the hands of (he proper cufwm warehouse keeper, warehouse rent for such tobacco and fnliff respectively, it and after the rate of sixpence per week fr each and every hogihead, case chert, or case, of such tobacco ani snuff rtspectively, for fu<h time as the same respectively shall remain in any such warehouse or warehouses. V

XXIX Provided always. That nothing in this act contained Tobacco or shall Extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent [nu^br^, (t tobacco or snuff, legally imported'or thought in or on board afiyship or vessel into any of cither of the said respective ports rated in this hqqpty beroitj enumerated, from being carried or conveyed in aft, maybe or'oh Board the same ship or vessel from thence to any other of 5unicycd, tfsc said, respective ports herein beforeentimeraied, for the pur |0cai, other C pofipjof being landed there, and deposited, lodged, 'nd secured port, if it be axe the warehouse^or warehouses foto be provided at such fed fdoriginally ^.c^iyncd 'port, according to the drreftions of this act, if fudi sported,

Anno vicesimo noino Georgii lit e. 68. {£789.

tobacco or snuff shall be originally reposted for that pwrpowhy the master or other person having or takittgthe change tfrcow mand for that voyage of such ship or veftbly with the edreter or other chief officer of the customs of ibck 'original^sri of importation.

luiuuiitfuvu.

Vessel laden

XXX Provided' always, and be it further efiadett, Hat t^hacco^mav hothing in this act Contained fhafl tttebd, or' be confliued to conje into 'extend, to prevent any ship Or vtflel htden in the whole with

Cowes and tobacco, from coming into the following ports of this kingdom, Rahnombto of either of them, to'wait for orders; \tndoliat) the pons M ders under Cfwes and Falmtuth'y and' thebe to remain for the space of'fow the within teen days and no longer, without bemgfufcjeft or litwetod* specified re fcgulations or restrictions of tills aft; oft condition rhafftfct gelations. pialiei or other person having or talcing the Charge or coriunaod

of such Ibjp or veflfelfo coming or arriving within the limits af the said ports of Gated and Falmouth refj>eftively for the purpose aforesaid, do, immediately on coming' or arriving within At said limits, make the same known to rhe collector or other chief officer of the customs at the said posts; also make a jud and true entry in writing, on oath bifort fnchcolle&of or other chief officer (who if hereby authorised'and required tbadad* nifter the same, ) of the burthert, contents, and lading of lit said vessel, in manner directed by this act jon sail are whereof, pr in not departing ffdih the fain ports rtflpeftively artheekpi ration of the said fourteen days, unltfs iri case of unavoidable necessity, every such'lhift or vessel; and'tht matter for other person having or taking the Charm: or command thereof; and atfa the cargo in pr on board'the same, flwlfbe1 febjeft and liabftt* all and each and every thfc rules, 'rtgolatloas; 'reflriftiohsy 'P' nalties, and forfeitures in this act Mentioned.

Kofnuffim XXXI And be it further ernftetf, 'That nd fnoff whatever, potted shall which (halt be imported or tyrought into gftm Britaiki ants te exiwtatton, r entered or reported for exportation in the same ship, orixpaw orexported*in ed therein to foreign parts; and ah entries Jrtld reports which the same ship. shall be made of such snuff, contrary to the dittfliutit Of this act, shall be, and the same are hereby declared To be tiouand yoid.''' "-': -

Ommiffloo XXXII And be it farther enacted, That thefatd cosirimiffi eros customs oners of the customs in England for the time being, or rttjrfta warehouses or <nore them, an<f the said cominiiltoners of the Cdftoitto m fer depositing Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of theat; ball. tobacco and and they respectively are hereby authbrifed and required', oot«

any of the duties or revenues of customs uhdftrbehf'wmmage ment respectively, to provjde, from time to tithe, fich'wvrt house and warehouses as they respectively shall deem 'ritoilfsie and necessary for denositing, lodging, and fecwring ritebem, at each and every of the said refoeftivft ports "flrft enumerated, i n England and Scotland refoeftively, ^ll'fofchw

hacco and snuff respectively as ftnh'b^rapdwed''dcitftdfag to I jhc directions of this act at such ts. < "'u

XXXIII And be it further e

it the fakh cthwfo'rf fiopai

yfaffwo oond Georgii 111, C yat

>p'iwr*'m)t^c; suflwns'io england fur the time being, or any four Commission ^(w^v^mthena, and the said commissioners of the customs n %shn4>fefithe tuneheh>g, or aujrthreo or more of them, (halt, appoint offi fjtyejcfetpcsi.moly are hereby au: boriftd and required to acm to attend joiqt one or more officer or officer of the customs, n England warehouses. unt Scotland, c«fpa#wely, to attend all and every such warehouse or tjftarefrwifea fa tpbe provided, according to the directions of twf p V, and Scotland respectiyely, and one or more of &><& to he a, custom warehouse keeper or warehouse

kqfiftftts of each and every such warehouse; and the said com rpiffiooeffrof excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the pp^jp^pmt of them respectively for the time being, shall, and wfpc^iwely te licreby in like manner author! fed and re i){me^rtp appoint one. or more officer of officers of excise to at fe^fiiljmd every such warehouse or warehouses foto be pro according to the directione! of this act, in England and ^e^f^, tefpedliv«lyvaod one or more of such officer or officers excise warehouse keeper x»r warehouse keepers of each j||i4qwy such warehouse,

, iuv. And be it further enabled, That the proper officer Officers of the Of, , of the customs on board every such ship or vessel customs on yx, which tobacco shall be imported, according to the direifti maritthe thi* act shall mark, or.cause. to be marked every hoarheads, hpgfnead, palk, clvfft, and case of tobacco with such mark or which are to uqtpfcmpn as the said commissioners of the customs in be landed in

tar hp .northeast being, .or any four or more of them, or the ^j^'^oiamissioners of, the customs in Scotland for the time0 the ware tbping, or any three.ortmor^of them, (hau diredv, and also with houses, where ^progressivc numbers 4 r and no hog (head, calk, chest, or case of the tobacco is tobacco shall be undipped, landed, or delivered from or out out feoarat rqtfuch ship, or yeflpl, before the same shall have been so mark d, andweigh jep*(t*nd wh*n the same shall have been so marked, the imported, cera,

proprietors, or consignees of such tobacco refpe ffively shall fppthwith provided the same shall have been duly entered, ) in the presence, of the .proper officer or officers of the customs. unship,

ard land, or c+jfeto be unihipped and landed, in the ufoai manner, all fuph tobacco, and (nail carry and convey the or cause the same to be carried and conveyed 10, and de ftofeed in, same .or. one of the respective warehouse .or waie*

- houses foto be provided as directed by this act, at such of the Dprtf §fft herein before enumerated at which such tobacco shall

Sported; and the proper officer or officers of thecustoms

ttendfucb tobacco from the time of the unfhippjng thereof, he same shall.be so deposited, and the same shall be forth jrithfodged and (centred in such warehouse or warehouses; and .uhtjj^ftpcrlanding waiters of thecustoms shall, upon there fotkhrcfhogfheadt, caflcs, chests, or cases of tobacco being 1b bought as aforesaid to such warehouse or warehouses, and'W the same, caufeiproper landing marks and numbers to be fit, stamped, py affixed upon each and: every such hogshead, fifcrobfft, Of cafeof tobacco; and fetch importers, proprietors,

: .*B b b4 or

jr.. Aoro yicefifbo nooo g^oron hj>c.4hk A [ t

or confignces rcfpciuycly^ shall forthwith tako taken all luc tobacco from and out of the phetls, or cases rcfpc&ivcty cbntainrog.the Came, and alfofepv rate all the d*magfd aq<ljnican tobacqo, for which they f*fp*e- lively shall refuse tq pay the. duties by this act ip>pofe4*r ffw the rcildue of such tobacco an ^ib f<*thwia^ bacco, or cause ie same when lo taken pqt to be fejro^bt to and put into the proper (bales, tobe/welghed* io fogh pare house qr warehousest and such landing waiters, tog^tlier with the proper officer dj officer excite belonging to fitch warehouse c>r wardioufcs, .(hill forthwith within tucb warchwfcpr warehouses weigh, or savfle to be weighed, and to ke au aocotiwt of, all such tobacco; and such iipppttew, proprietors, or aeon

\ figures respectively (hallaho, when and so toon as iucb >ofraceo^shall have been weighed.and taken an account ofr take tb kmc pr cause the same to he taken frdui and our of thefcakaio which the same shall have heen so weighed, and alfio remove'the same, 6r cause'ihc. same to be removed to and properly (lowed away in such convenient part, or partrof fiach warebow* or warehouses as fuefr caftom warehouse keeper or wordtotiie Importer! keepers shall "ini that behalf dirca*, and if any such importer pegiefting to or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or configneca ouvof°hocf^ tob3cco> pmtr^ negjest, or re£ufet contrary to the true heads lodged intent and meaning of this asto takaor.cauf* to be jtakeo from iu inch ware or out of the hoglheats, calk, cheflu qr case containing ihe same, bouteg.&c.to any futh tobacco, which shall be deposed, lodged, or secured in (udf warehqofe or warcliaiifes. as aforesaid, .or fbatt negkd boglbcad. pr rae 16 bring'any such tobacco, or cause the Tamo to br brought to put 1 no flic proper Jcales, to be weighedafore* said, or shall riegjcdl pr xetuce to tpk? any tobacco which fliafl have been weighed anti taken ah account of as directedbjr this ail, Of ttufe the same to be taken, at their own expeaee, ' from or oot of the fcalci in which the. same shall have been kt weighed, of shall omit, negle<fti or refuse to removehe>feme, or cause the same to be removed and properly ftowedaway, m dire^cd try this act, such importer or importers, proprietor er proprietors, coofign.ee or configne?s, shall, before any such t pacco* shall be cleared or delivered From or out of suchnwafg j.'house Or warehduses, first pay, into the hands of the proper cwftotn wafehouse keeper, warehouse rent for such tobpet<v*t and kfter the We of ii*pence per week, for each aodewr*hdgrtiead, cask, chett^ or case of fuci tobacco, for the trt*>ct*»t, such tobacco (halt remain.ib any fuqh warehouse or wsreboafes. thkjo!kn(>t xxxvr Provided always, ami be it ensued, . Tharilfliall edhomtb* not bew.tq separate the (talk of any such 4c^ccq>satin: the leaf of da lc*f thereby on pretchpe that thetatoe.^ dowgcd of mom e magtdto bacco, hor shall any allowance be jmpofw tfi+mt

porters, proprietor or/propricroi^r, oi:

vthtjtos?, obacco» Prot 'a pouhderaiion.of a^tt>h^qpt, being damaged

ars rcfum to or mean; but iri.case ly, dhe, .or they shall ftfufe t jftty^rto hcpaid, CC duties for tli^ famcran^ hall not tbiol proper iq export iick

"* damaged

9^» 1 Arifo ticfefinfo honb georgi? Iff.' i

or trieantobadeo, which it shall be lawful' to o. projgj ^br wtp&rrifd uhder thevregulatioh| of ad within o'w*b<whsfirom'flie time tlti importer or importers, pro tft»'tw 'p'ro^rietors, con fig nee or conlignee>, thouv<l or ought kwft* made tib or their entry a Iforesaid* and" inpackagejs cbnmmift Itfs Bart seen hundred and fifty pounds weight, prdfitw'tffficersof the custorhs and excile refpe'ftively uiali jh tme^foflie; arid keep a' distinct account thereof, and 'the i refp^ftive commissioners of the customs and excise (half fe fke farive to be Burnt and dertroyed, ?hd (he said relpec t cbwkniffibriers shall fell and, dispose tif the a(hest suifing rriteitv fdr the mofr money that can he gotten for Th e Tame.

xxfxvf. And be it further enacted, ?*l'1iaf, immediatefy Aftertabacc: r fiahb tobaccofh'all have beeit" so weighed'br taken an ac inptbf in directed by this act, the several importers proprie »£**

ib«^ Consignees (nail be permitted, 'in (He prefepce of the taken, wluck i finding Waiters bnd exelfewarehouse keepers; or other prp rauft be rer officer or officers of excifctcspectivelyi, belonging tpjuch turned, rebottfo irt whifti such tobacco shall have been so weighed, d taken art accourif bf as ditefted by this act, go draw og take t of'eeeh hojlffiead, calk; che(h or case, so weighed and fakcri ' account of, 'a fafnple of such tobacco, 'not exceeding four Hinds' Weight; ir\d the Tame shall bereturned by fucti jm, mere, proprietors, oreanfcneesrespectively, when such bogf tad?<o*(k>; theft, or case of tobacco (half be re weighed, a<j rrrbngto'the direftidns of this act, either for exportation or ir howte'trade, confumpridn, 'or^tnanufifture, andfuchira artet^s, ^proprietors, of consignees respectivety, .shall also be trnrimd, in' tike nrann'er, 'to take a re^brid sample, riot exceed ig soul pouhds Weight, : if, at the time of taking such fccorid impidj rhe fitft Tample: (haltbe returned info the, hog(head» ask; cheftf Ok case, out ofwhrfh the fatfie Was' taken; and such icood (ample shall in like manner be returned When (uqh hogs ead; cafki theft, btcsfe shall be re weighed, 'according to the irefttorik oft his aft, either for exportation or home trade con amprionvw ntanufafture', ' '*"7',

xxxvfl. And be it further enacted, That aft (nun which Snuff import hall be imported in or on bbard any ship or veltef, into, any of'd ^oe con. he ports first herein before enumerated) and whereof entry has leenrrud* according to thedireftionsofthis aft, shall, at the h^fcs, to be, xpence of the importers, proprietors, or cdfifignees, of such weighed, See. nuffqrespectively, be forthwith (provided the ume shall have een dwiytrtwffed) unshipped, and landed Id the usual. manper, .

m.d.. <orfdt»sted, under the care of the proper officers of the cu.fr >"*omf^tantmrie or one of the respective warehouse or warehpuf^s u t'T 7 b to be'proridedtts directed by this act, 'at such of the port?.., , irft hweto betore etiumeritbd St Which fbchfnuff mall be iaj, . pontd, ihm mrforrhwith depositedpvbdged, ani fkcured in -

fuchtuwetooulbwwareftbcrfijfc'j arid^hrpfo^vlanding waiter jf tbelicmbotws hits, upririftke ' iespective hbglheads, , ca(ks, ., ',

ftteftsy drwe? bf rotjlougftt ui'aforesaid to such

t. warehouse

7u

.. Anno, yjcefitno nono Georgii ^68.

warehouse qr warehouses, and within the (anve^ landing marks and numbers to be fct, stamped Pf, each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case such importers, proprietors, or conlignces refpediyelf ftac forthwith brinu such fnuflf, or cause the same to b brought C and put into the proper (bales, to be weighed in (h gir house or warehouses; and such landing waiters, together the proper officer or officers of excise belonging to uchmirt house or warehouses, shall forthwith, within such warehouses, weigh or cause to be weighed, and. tally aq^opogrt of, all such fnuflf; and such importers, proprietor, qr^cm (ignees respechvely shall also, when and so (bon tasfucb, foi shall have been weighed and taken an accpusjt o ta same, or cause the same to be taken, at their owa txp^r spectively, from and out of the Scales in which tyre frqmjfeti have been so weighed, and also remove the latne, or same to be removed and properly (lowed away in f\£h coqyjpini

Eart or parts of such warehouse or warehouses as liich qu(tqpa vag ouse keeper or warehouse keepers dial) in that bchalfcupfc XXXVIII And be it further enacted, That, ia^imdhaij (ample may after such fnuflf shall have been so weighed and taken 30** iw» counc of as directed by this act, th several importer, pfopr*

tors, or coqfignces thereof shall be permitted, in the prdenetd the said landing waiters and excise warehouse keeper septate proper officer or officers of excise respectively, bcdongiqgtsfcl warehouse in which such ihudf shaft have been so we; ghodx: taken an account of as directed by this act, to take out«act hogshead, caflc, chest, or case so weighed and rakcq. an acjeyc of, a (ample of such fquff, not exceeding one jp9und and the same shall be returned by such importer, proprietor or consignees respectively, when such hogthead, ca(k, chest, tr case of muflf(hall be re weighed, according lothc directoq*: ; this act.. t j t,

XXXIX And be it further enacted, That the lawful to export as merchandise, directly from the or warehouses in which the same shall be depolitec^

after which

which must be returned.

Tobacco lodged in

warehouses may be exported

direq secured, according to the directions of this act, any tobacco, ly from subject to the rules, regulations, reftridipns,pjd mqnfjsi

nn hr t ________»!____>. t ra ^i.____lr___i ______lk'_.

ihti'si4c<ltr herein mentioned; (that is to say) the person qr.pcr&ias k tim. herein tending to export the same shall give at.least twenty jfoor l^pes Tpcdfied. notice in writing, to the proper custom and epeife waw keepers respectively, belonging to such warehouse Of ynujfrpps in which such tobacco intended to be exported fhal^be fccc posited, lodged, and secured, of his, her, or ir>tcnp»t! export such tobacco, and of the number of ppg$ieadviaib| cherts, or cases of such tobacco, so intended tpj 1? cxp^nct,

and also the landing parks apd numbers vvhjfjt,

/ "

rtampt, or affixed upon each anil every such hog/hca

chert, or case, according to the drrc&ions of tbisacfjx «qd also, at the time specified in futh notice, or ffjjel

after, at his, her, or their own qfpcnc^ bring au % ^jo^c«

Ipeofirf

17s9.]'annovsceftmo non Georgii ul<jj<>8. 7*5

tfeetitfied in such notice from the part or place of such ware........ ........

er warehouses in which the same shall be deposited and [k4»wedawfty} and also forthwith take, or cause to be taken, all tobacco from and out of the hogsheads, ealks, chests, or' rsafes containing the same, and bring the Time, of cause the -aa»e, when' so taken out, to be brought to and put in the proper fcalesto be weighed in such warehouse or warehouses; and proper landing waiter and ekbife warehopfe keepers, or other ptwtper officer or officers of excise, shall forthwith, within such mp^tohottfe of Warehouses, weighs or cause "to be weighed, and tatloe«an account of ah such, tobacw i and such person or per fcwasfo intending to export the f*toc shall also, before any such toft&deb (hah be delivered out of such warehouse'or warehouses for deportation, procure a proper cocquet, and make out two bills for the exportation thereof, and ihdoffc upon such coiqdet and bills respectively, in a fair, diftitv3, end legible mgoiicr, tke plantation or manifest mark and number which wekelupon each and every such hogshead, calk, cltest, or case of robacco, at'thd time when the same was tirft imported into Great Britain and atfo thclandingmarks and numbershich wdre fet, stamped* nr affixed, according to thedirellions of this a^'tvpon each and every such hogshead, ca(k, chess, or cafethere of, together with the exalt weight of the tobacco contained in each and evety fuel hogshead, calk,chest, or case at the time of its being landed in Great Britain, and Kkewife endorse upon the same cocquet and b?hs, after weighing the tobacco in the presence of the proper custcm landing waiter and excise warehouse keeper, or ofherproperoffileft^or officers of excise, the weight of the tobacco contained in each such particular hogshead, calk, ctfeft* or case at the time of its.being weighed for exportation; and shall deliver such cocquet, and one of such bills To endorsed, to the proper feaitber or featchers of the customs, and the - other of such bills to the proper excise warehouse keeper and notsearchcf or fearrehers of the customs shall authorise the ship ptegof any such tobacco, unless such cocquet and bill shall be so tndorfed and delivered to the proper searcher or searchers of rise customs os herein dirched: and if such person or persons.

intending to export the same shall not, at the time specified in such notice, or within one hour after, bring all such tobacco (Specified hi such notice from the part or place of such warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited and (lowed k&ntyl and also forthwith take, or cause to be taken, all such ^obaicto frbm and out bf the hogsheads, calks, chests, or cases

- containing the same, and bring the same, or cause the same,

- when so taken out, to be brought to and put into the proper ''Teaks tb be weighed, in such warehouse or warehouses, then ^'fnth1tio.tiqe ffiah be void, and the like notice in writing shall be'again given, before any such tobacco shall be weighed or deli - reted odt of fitch warehouse or warehouses for exportation.

"\ xl/and be it further enacted, That such person or persons Bond to be intending to export such tobacco, which shall be delivered given for the 7 '*.\ out allual expor

tation of tobacco taken out of wire

Anno vicesimo non Gborcii III [i

opt of the vnrehouse or warehouses in which ttetjwge.i deposited, lodged, or Secured, according to rhe.it

wit of ware actj, fcall ajio, before the same, or any part thi boo fr 8 fort hat r.. £jlu i

purpose,

tfvered out of any such warehouseor warchoofcvfiirx vc bond himself, with two other furetles, ofwhk* tec'or other person having or taking the charge of the ftiip or vessel in or on board which such totiat tended to he ported, shall be one such surety IX such master or other person9 to be approved of by (tic Or oilier chief officer of the custpms of such of p herein before enumerated from whence such tobiro jji to be exported), xo hi Majesty, his heirs and - ^ shilling prr pound for each and every tobacco (which bond such collector or, hereby*authorised and empowered to take, name, and, to his 'majcay's use), that suck i part thereof shall (the dangers of the feastuid^ be really and truly exported as merchandise such ports, or places beyond the (castas ffiafl, such bend, aha that such tobacco shall not I carried to anj other place or country whatevd^nor or put on board"apy other ship, vessel, or (shipwreck or other unavoidable accident landed in any part of Crest Britain, Ireland) the ffe tfk the islands of jtrjty* Guetnfej % Aldernty, or and shipped out for those places respectiyely,law, or the islands of Faro or Ferro. the penalty of XLL Provided nevertheless?) That the^which not to bond shall not in any case exceed the Turn 'of and^ot^bc Pounds, and that no such bond Hull bie

liable to damp duty whatever "' ____

stamp duty. xlll. And cit further enacted, That njp^fc^ai Nowarehouf delivered out ofapyfuch warehouse or wayehousei fd tobacco to |jq^ buj from the very same port or place at w

for exporta rca tobacco was .originally imported into Great britd*y\ irv tion, but at the origitul hpglheaul, caflc, chest, or case in wjhicb the the place first imported into Great Britain, with the plantation arbif* where orip fest th?tk arn] number which were upon Such hccfiicao, .(& ed and'tn°the cor case, at the time when the same was fixft uqfffrftdgfr originilhogf gr«f Britain, and also the land ing marks and nompetf heads, V were fet, ftapiped, or affixed, according to tbc dire^i^y^jfe a, upon men hogshead, cast, or case, without'mkljr. ration whatever bein*i made .n such hogshead, case, (except such as fluk be qccafioned bynece"

K.. the repairs thereof), and with the whole '. which was originally imported in Aich hogshead;

; j - case, being contained in kfuch ^ogfjhea^ calk,

; V '; except as herein is providedr xnd except such dams f 1 -/* tobacco as shall have heeq separate ^here from^09!

.djreiftions of this a, and.affc> such tobacco a^iba tj£fn out forfamjglc* as dir^dlcd^fbis ad j' "J

aiw vfctsimo nono Georgii lit C

1 lizaybe delivered out of such warehouse and warb: Oration, and be exponed m separate packages __ beads, casks, cherts, or cases in wtych ihe same

imported, provided the same are so respectively (fcrbtf exported with such respectvehogrtieaas, casks

ffs, ljr c^bsjdf tobacco irt Which the same were so respectively

727

__ Provided alto, and tie; 'Tt further enacted, That if that After fepara imagdd meart tobacco; fn .any of thehogffieajds, "calks, tion efts; ^icattfs which shall bi ft separated, arid which the; "h, i^rref importers, prbpndfbf1 br proprietors, , consignee or remainder i wicgoees'thirreof respectivety, (ham refuse to pay the duties di the hogshead dred'by vms act, (halt be so great in quantity, that the residue shall be under f thh irripaccq m any of fudh nogfheads, calkv cherts, or cases, ijflt hecunder the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds', then jn thepre*id ltich baste it (hair and inay he lawful to and for such unfence of tb 'inij*j>rtersj proprietor dr proprietors, consignee or con officers of the

jn ttte "j>refence of the proper landing walrersof the cuf (inv alid the proper officer or officers of excist, to cause all exportation, ichvelldue'of such tobacco to bd repacked and put together; See. i the' Warehodfe or wafelioufes'm which the fapi* shall be so e^isited; lodged, andfecured as directed by this ait, 'into one r mbte af thb fariie hogffieads, ca^i1 Cherts, br 'cases, out of liest futli damaged Or mean totwctortial 1 he taken; and all and my 'fbch bogtheadycarfks, cherts, or cases of tobacco fore acked' shall arid frisfybe delivjrfed out "of such warehouse or <ardu>uses for exportation add exported, 1 provided the quar&liy fthefo)tocco loiepacked Jh cich suchhogfheati, cask, 'chef^'or ale, shall ^rnbunt tb foot ftpndred and 'twenty-five pounds refghf of fifcii, and^he plantatfdrt dr manifert mark ind num > w^uch were upon such hogfhcad/cask, chert, o case at tyre me Wnbh th same Was imported into Great Britain,anc lib marks and numbers respectively, Which' were

affixed, according to the directions of this art, po^cn^togfhead, calk, cheftj or case, when the same was first ihseiflw u^eat Britain, fhafl be thereon at the time when the itbptwfl fie delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses for fobftadbri, '^ind at the time or the exportation thereof > any ifrikwtftlf iacontained to the contrary notwithstartdinb. »

'xtiv^ahd be it further enacted, That such rdbacco intended Tobaccb ln gnd may from time to time' (the same hay tended far hjjfcth tfflfy entered with the collector of the custsuw outwards) e delivered fa exportation from and out of furti Warehouse or jirered upon artffibufbs irr Which the same shall be so deppsited; lodged, and productug to. fcdfraj upon the person or persons intending to'export iucb|hpware ..: so^'°fwperron'or persons on his, her, dr^ifieifbehalf, rdmctogro theourrtom and excue warehouse keepers refpep the requisite vj^yj 'to' fucti wafehowe pr warihousei; a certificati bonds being

^t^tfe$°b]plhb'vc)n^ befdd beifbrt df^ebled bfing duly ea entered into, risr iftvo fdr Ab 'txpori&qphti tdbaicb, . irnd alfo1 pro )c

d^g!jft4il£* mjmner, Sf fhe^wt: coto intended to*be exported'

7 be

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii Iff, C [tfi

be tobacco of the growth, produfkbn, or maiiufaitortoful: plantations or dominions of or Portugal a certidcafe C certificates, under the relpe&ive hands of the proper com of the customs and excise respectively, of the doty by tliu5 imposed'for or in refpcdt thereof being fully paid; anil opr? such delivery of any such tobacco for exportation, the same frai! be forthwith carried and conveyed, at the expense of such cer son or persons, by such person or persons as shall be authored, according to an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign cf his present Majesty, entitled, An act for regulating tie prmgz*of manifejls, and for more cffc finally preventing fraudulent pro8has

' obtaining bounties and drawbacks; and in the dandcjfint rclsn&i £

goods), by licence under the hands of the comnii(lionets of the customs for the time being, or any three or more of than, a carry or^>ut on board ships and vessels, for exportation to ft! reign parts, goods entitled to drawback, bounty or prerakr, according to the directions of the said act; and the same dull I also be attended by the proper officer or officers of the culler on board such ship or vessel in which the same shall beintcs&i to be exported.

If tobacco, so XLV And be it further enacted, That if any such token, fl^adbccon a^fcr l*lc delivery thereof from any such warehouse dr ware! celied, or not houses as aforesaid for exportation, shall, before theftippn; Ihipt in 14 thereof, be lodged or deposited in any warehouse or Other pha hour, C so as to be concealed, from public view or mfpe&ion, or (hi" feited* iftlth nm ^pped whin thd space of twenty-four hours after fcch the calks. delivery thereof, or if the hogshead, ca(k, chest, or tsky which such tobacco was contained at the time of such delivery, shall be wilfully opened, or any part of such tobacco tikr thereout, after such delivery thereof, and before its arrin!: the place for which five same shall be entered for exportation then, and in each and every such case, all such tobacco, and hogsheads, calks, chcfts, and cases respectively containing lame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be sated by ary officer or officers of the customs or excise.

If tobacco, XLVI And be it further enacted. That if any rotate?, romtion* be c't*lcr wanufaaured or unmanufassured, after the same ft!' vn(hipped have been shipped for exportation in or on board any (hiper

within four vessel, in pursuance and according to the directions of this ai leagues of the shall be un(hipped for any purpose whatever, either within the?' limits of any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues'of the kingdom, itc coa thereof, or shall be relanded in this lingdom out bf a be for from such ship or vessel (unless in case of neceffiry ordiftfds, t fkited, with save the ship and goods from perishing, which shall be imnrf* the vessel, C arcjy maje fcnown lo the principal officers of the custojn$*rf£ ing at the port nearest to which such ship or vessel fti^n be tf M the time such necessity or distress shall arise), then not <^blyfed

tobacco so unihipped, together with the hogsheads casts, ctafo cases, or othefr packages respectivcty, containing bot

also the ihlp Or vessel in or on board which the same fhaltbe b thipped, together with her guns, furniture, amiiliihition, tacfe

ad

.] j Anno vicesimo noncrgeorgh III C 6$. fig

id apparel, and also the ship, vcf&i, or boat into which such'

bacco (jull be unshipped, or put after such unfhipping thereof,

gether with her euns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and ap,

rel, (half tit forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any

Beer or officers of the customs orexcise.

XLVII And be it further enacted, That no tobacco, either No tobacco to lanufactured or unmanufactureed, shall be entered or shipped be exportedm r exportation to any parts beyond the seas (Ireland excepted), of less i any ship or vessel whatever, unless such ship or vessel shall be ex^p\°to°ircf.

F the burden of seventy tonnes or upwards; and if any officer land; and if r officers of the customs or excise shall apprehend, or have rea tbev are Turin to believe, that any such ship or vessel bound to foreign utobe irts, and having tobacco onboard her, shall not bees the burr bedeumecuo tert of seventy tonnes or upwards, it shall and may be lawful for be measured, ich officer or officers to flop and detain such ship or vessel, and etc. ie whole jeargd laden on board her of tobacco and all other bods, until he or they shall cause such ship or vessel to be al leasured, according to the rules for admeasurement prefer!bed y an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his pre fit Majesty, (entitled. An act for the further inertafe and eneou igement of hipping and navigation); and if it shall appear by such imeasurement that any such ship or yeffel is of the burden of rventy tonnes or upwards, the officer or officers so flopping or etaimng her and her cargo, shall not be subject or liable to any lion for damages occasioned by such stoppage and detension; nd if the masteror other person having or taking the charge or ommand of any ship or vessel outward bound to foreign parts friland excepted), having tobacco in or on board her, shall enter mjf clear out such ship or vessel at the customhouse, as of the lurthen of seventy tonnes or upwards, and such ship or vessel shall iot be of so great burden as seventy tonnes, according to the rule or admeasurement prescribed by the said act, such master or there person shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds. or ev^rv such offence.

xlvm. And be it further enacted, That it any person or Pertons cras*' lerfons whatever shall erase, cut out, burn out, blot out, or in marks nywife whatever alter, change, of deface apy mark or pumber, f^s^ool!0

marks or numbers, which was or were burnt in, kcut in, or

it upon any hogshead, caflc, chest or case whatever of tobbaco ....: n his said msgefty's coionics, plantations, iflanefs, of territories 1

rt America, or in the united dates of America or any of the '''

anding marks or numbers which shall be fer, stamped, or af

thereon, accordingto the directions of this act, he, (he, or bdy (p offending' (l]a)l, for each and every such offence, forfeit ihe (urn of one hundred[pounds. ...

xllx/and be it furvher enacted; That thp bonds herein Regulations i>efore to be^iven.shall'be discharged in manner herein ?°£

benf^hetf; (that is to say), for such unmanufactureed tobacco '^ten^r is fltil! be entered for 'exportation id, the kingdom of Ireland, portarion of*or the triands ist&uernfey, ferfey % Alderney, or Sark, upon the tobicco.: y' ^rodudlion f certificate to the collector, or other chief dfficcr

739

Bond for exporting tobacco to Ireland, not to he forfeited, if the quantity certified to be landed, it not deficient more than alb. in the aoo.

From 0 A. so, s7*9* no tobacco to be caponed to Jtnty* etc

Anno vicesimo nono geo&gu 1h. C [17^

of the customs who took such bond within fig, jaaoptha im the date of such bond, testifying the landing, of suchaobaot there; upon the like production of a like certificate, nitte twelve months, for such tobacco as shall be so catered iprm other port or place in Europe (other than the Ifie of Mm and the islands of Far or Ferr9) % or any port or place in 4^ 0 Africa, within the Strcigbts of Gibraltar; upon the like pnfeec tion of a like certificate, within eighteen months, for inch » bacco a6 shall be so entered for any of his majesty's coioaies, plantations, islands, or territories in America or Africa or tie united dates of America \ and upon the like production of alike certificate, within twenty-four months, for such tobaccoas tiau be so entered for any port or place at or beyond the Cape qfqod Hope and such certificates respectively, for such tobacco shall be so entered for, and landed in, any port or place where any officer or officers of his majesty's customs shall be rdueoi, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majsfip customs there; and if no officer of his Majesty9* customs Ad be resident in such port or place where such tobacco daam h so entered for and landed, such certificate shall be figpedtoy fie British consul, or other person acting as such, there; audit no officer of his majesty's customs or British consul, or oticr person acting as such, Shall be resident at such port or b.c.. where such tobacco shall be so entered for and landed, such certificate shall be under the common seal of the chief magjifoi: of such port or place, or under the bands and (eals of two knot: British merchants then being at such port or place wbe? such tobacco dull be so landed; or such bond or bonds Go be discharged, upon proof, in any or either of the said case, that such tobacco was taken by enemies, or perished in flat fe or was destroyed by fire; the examination and proof there being left to the judgement of the cotnmissioners of the cuaosb in England or Scotland for the time being, respectively.

L Provided always. That no such bond shall, be forfeited w or by reafim of any such certificate not testifying the bndm; the whole quantity of tobacco mentioned in any such bond the port or place of importation in Ireland expressed in fife bond, if the quantity testified to be so landed shall not be deficient more than two pounds in every one hundred powfe weight of tobacco mentioned in such bond.

LI And whereas it is expedient that tobacco Should not if expend fresh Great Britain to the tjknds of Jerfev, Guernsey* Aldenxi, and Sark, or any or either of them, or the Ifie of Many xemtejofa mitted by licence wider the hands of three or mere of the caemmtfitmr of his Majesty's customs in England for the time being, and t£e$jw permiffwn should be limited to certain quantities, to be foepartod father annually \ be U therefore further enacted by the aothori? aforefak). That, from and after the said tenth y of Oflakaew thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, it shall not be feofil to export, or to enter for exportation, from Creep Britain Hi said islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sari, of nmf a

Amib vicelnt^nono gfcortjirin.731

feflp^rficftr, afr'tfethrf/k'of Many tinder the'penaltydf the ^thout the nfeitdlt ihenedfv to be ftraed by any officer or officers of tfce, c*nccof the "^if^xetfey ny fibacco, unief* permission be first eteen ers^>f the" !ljwrtif>bfe by the tdtfimtffioners of his Majesty's cbftoms customs. Jaml wt the time being: , or any three or more of therb,

Acer tinder thetr hands; and the said cdmmissioners, or rftffcre* pr mdte of them, are hereby authorhed and required, ^i^ffiiejltion to them in writirr^fbrt hat purpose, to grant thdr nc from time to time, under ffietr hands (such itcence^to force'thirty days from the date thereps, 'and io tftep); bonify of fits mrfjeflyvtuhjedr, to exportfnbm any of fcwferfr Numerated pdrtsnr England, in britishuhhft

and re|iflered according to law, add nofbf flpwdmiei^thao fiventy tonnes (the tortnag^to'fce ascertained In bjr this&), to the' fi^wands offer an&sark, and thb m^/afj»refpe6h^eiy, tobacco,either manufactured or tmmanufac flwf9w°dcceeding in' tf»e whold, in any one year, to ttidfe ftlwb hff^fflirdy, thefejtowrn^ quantities; (thdt is to by) to Quantities idt tttilftfidfjerftfj an quantity not exceeding forty thbbfartd that ay^tkiftdi'^thi^ to the island of Guernsey, any quantity rtot ex with

fewfatyg tblnfy five thousand pounds weight; to the Island df such licence, t^iahtfty not exceeding fire thousand pounds 'td!the fflahd of TSHM', any quantity not exceeding one bbwfcfld pdbncft height; afttf to the isle tf Man, any Quantity iw'fofcwdtng1 forty fooufartd'pdund* weight.

', .fcif.da'hd1be i^fbrfher eiiaftetf, That all and every the im Warehoofed Wjfrti*, W importers, proprietor or proprietors, ednfignee or con. tobacco to be ightfk<bftobacco, "wh i ch shall be deposited, lodged or secured itmonthv o ftiy tuer ^afohoufif'or warehouses so^o be provwed ac

td'ltlfo^ireflieris df this act, shall/wlthiri twerity four rhcftfflsyte'bf'fcotriputeil from the day on which tfie!importer ar importei % i prbprretsr dr proyirietors, cortfignee dr fonfignees crffftbb'tobacco shall'ot ought to have made hys', her, or their \

rffty^tlforeolm writing, .according to thedlrtftlbntf'df this act, cfeshrilphkfc froth fembtft''bf<foclf wanthdofe o warehobfeg re^xssitfel^i % fther for ejtpdkijifodi'faftco^diftg tb thd" dlrefts, 11'-

kwtin bffore obrtfattiett, ^tybrh&iifi trade, cahfumptlori, t' et>tmnd(adhite, athfuch tdbacco; and that tl! ind'rwr^ ifn and ware' porter or importers; 'prbprfftdr* bf'proprietors^eddfigned or boufed snuff cdfibgnvfejwhich "fftiir be dfpofitw j Obliged or lec tired Q one moauj. iflsayfcoh wirehouse Or Warehotifo; ttralf, wmsitf end mtfhttl, td$$4!mnptrted frofo the dav orf 'frhlch" the' itnpdrter of lmpdr "*

ltfrs^4^|mpri*tdr ^bt, 'pft)(3riet(3?s, '.co'ntrgnce Or fonfignees of Tbch trtighnb havf foiidd Ks, 'Herylor thiir'entry thkiie ofj ibcordtng^a the' directions't>f thrs aft, clear and

talwtltaid^wt of Tuch wdfehtiiile* or warehdufes re ipsmf+wfofeh*'fomef'; '>ahl'<}ttt ^»hfcnt1»tty importeror im wegtifatro«s* pdmbrlf ptdprfclbr or pi % p»tetoss, ''tfofirfign*e kif «mfigbee* bf Ob'taking* '* inf\$biet % vdfporwdrio^fedv Of'foctrred in any such

wtthoue.wfiwardltotlfotv^'^t^ to cleat or take from or boate con^ai Vot. XXXVI Cce out

Anfio vicesimo nono Georgii III C fc - £i7*9

fumption, out of any such warehouse or warehouses, any tobacco for born

tobacco and trade, consumption, or manufacture, or any (huff, dor

DU they shall give at lead twenty-four hours notice in writing to

the cudom and excise warehouse keepers respectively belonging to such warehouse or warehouses respectiveiy, of his her, or their intention foto do, and of the particular hoglheads, calks, chcds, or cases of such tobacco and snuff refpccliveiy to intended to be cleared or taken out, and also the landing marks or numbers which were fet, damped, or affixed upon eadi and every such hogihead, calk, ched, or case 6f tobacco and snuff respectively, according to the directions of this act; and shall also, at the time specified in such notice or within one hour after, at his, her, or their own expense, bring au such tobacco and snuff respectively specified in such notice fro the parts or places of such warehouse or warehouses in whkh the same shall be deposited and dowed away, and also forthwith take, or cause to be taken, all such tobacco from and out of die hogsheads, calks, chcds, cr cases containing the same, aid bring the same, or cause the same, when so taken out, to be brought to and put into the proper feales, to be weighed is such warehouse or warehouses, and shall also, in like maa ner, bring all such snuff, or cause the same to be brought to and put into the proper feales to be weighed; and the proper cudom landing waiter or landing waiters, and proper officer or officers of excise respectively, belonging to such warehouse or warehouses, shall forthwith, within such warehouse or wase houses, weigh, or cause to be weighed, and take an account of, each and every such hogshead, calk, ched, or case of tobacco, and also of all such snuff j and all and every such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, shall thereupon forthwith pay down in ready money into the hands of the proper collectors of the cudopas and excise respectively, the said several duties of cudocns and excise by this act imposed for or in respect of such tobacco and (huff relatively $ and such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, shall also, before any fudi tobacco or snuff shall be delivered out of such warehouse pr warehouses for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, procure from the collector and other chief officers of the cudoms, a certificate of the payment of the cudom duties by this act imposed for or 'ifl respect of such tobacco or snuff, and shall also procure from ike collector of excise a certificate of the payment of the excise duties by this act imposed for or in respect of such tobacco or snuff, and shall also endorse upon such certificates respectively, in a fair, distinct, and legible manner, the plantation or manifest mark and number, which were upon each and evetyfech hogshead, calk, ched, or case of tobacco or snuff, at the time when the same was fird imported intq, Great Britain, and also the landing marks and numbers which were fet, stamped, or affixed, according to the directions of this act, upon eadi and every such hogshead, calk, ched, or case thereof, together with

1789-! Anno vicesimo nono geosgti III C 68. 723

the exact weight of the tobacco or snuff contained in each and wery such hogshead, talk, chest, or case, at the time of its being landed in Great Britain, and likewise the weight of; the tobacco or snuff contained in each such particular hogshead, cask, chest > case, at the time of its being weighed for home trade, consumption, or manufacture; and shall deliver tq the custom warehouse keeper such certificate so procured from the collector and other chief officers of the customs, and endorsed as herein di rcc1ed, and shall also deliver to the proper excise warehouse keeper such certificate so procured from the collector of excise, and endorsed a aforesaid; upon such certificates being so endorsed and delivered as aforesaid, the said custom and excise 'warehouse keepers shall deliver out of such warehouse or ware houses for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, such tobacco and snuff fpecined in such certificates and indorsements, and the proper officer of excise shall thereupon give to such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, a permit or permits for the removal thereof from such warehouse or warehouses, to the entered premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in tobacco or snuff, to whom such tobacco and snuff respectively are 'intended to be removed; and no such tobacco or snuff shall be delivered out of any such warehouse, unless such certificates, so endorsed as aforesaid, shall be previously procured and delivered as aforesaid; and if any such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, shall not, at the time i^crified in such notice, or within one hour after, bring such tobacco and snuff respectively specified in such notice, from the part or place of such warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall be so deposited and (towed away, and also forthwith take or fcause to be taken all such tobacco from and out of the hogsheads, casks, chests, or cases containing the same, and bring or cause to be brought such tobacco dr snuff to and put into the proper feales to be weighed, according to the directions of this act, then such notice shall be void and of none efsect; and the like notice in writing shall be again given, before any such tobacco or snuff respectively shall be weighed or delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses.

LIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Sixpence per proprietor or proprietors of such unmanufactured tobacco shall hogstead per pay warehouse rent after the rate of sixpence per week for each pa fo° C and every hogshead, cask, chest, or case of such tobacco as shall warehouse remain in such warehouse or warehouses after the expiration of room of to eighteen months, to be computed from the day on which the bacco, after wnporter or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or of 8xmonvh» consignees of such tobacco shall or*ought to have made his of from entry, their entry thereof as aforesaid.

LIV And be it further enacted, That the proper custom In weighing landing waiter and landing waiters, and proper officer or officers tobacco and Of excise, shall, in the weighing and taking account of all tobadco p ho mead and snuff respeciively, in such warehouse dr warehouses sir to be so be allowed

C C C 2 provided

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C [\ jfy

for the turn provided as aforesaid, and by this act directed to be wotted of the fealc. ancj taken an account of therein, give the turn of the ft?]?«favour of the crown, and in lieu thereof shall allow the importers, proprietors, or consignees thereof two pounds weight avoir, dupoife upon each and every hogshead, calk, chest, or case of such tobacco and snuff, respectively so weighed and taken as account of.

If tobacco be LV And be it further enacted, That if any importer or ia not taken porters, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, of warehouse in any to^acco which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any 94 months warehouse or warehouses to be provided according to the & and the duties regions of this act, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to ciear or take paid, and any tobacco from or out of any such warehouse or warehouses month" it" C w^*ch, hc ^amc deposited, lodged, or secured as heron

may be sold directed, within twenty-four months, to be computed from the Ibr payment day oh which the importer or importers, proprietor or proof the duties; prietors, consignee or consignees of such tobacco shall or ought to have made his, her, or their entries thereof in writing according to the directions of this actor shall omit, neglect, or refuse to pay or clear off any of the duties by this act imposed or payable lor or in respect of such tobacco according to the diredhooi of this actor within such twenty-four months; or if assy importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee ok consignees, ot apy snuff which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any warehouse or warehouses foto be provided according to the directions of this act, shall omit, neglcdtj or nftdc to clear or take any such snuff from or out of any such wacehouse or warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, or secured as herein directed, within one month, to be competed from the day on which the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of such snuff shall or ought to have made his, her, or their entries thereof in writing according to the directions of this actor shall omit, neglcdi, or refafe to pay or dear off any of the duties by this act imposed or payable for or in respect of such snuff according to the directions of this actor within such one month, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and to and fer the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, for the time being, .* any three or more of them, and to and for the said coramiffienei* of excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them respectively for the time being, to cause all such tobaeca and snuff respectively, together with the hogsheads, calks, chefe, and cases respectively containing the same, to be publicity tpjd to the belt bidder, at such places as the said respective comquf* fioners of the customs or excise, as the case may re^uu^at# think proper, for and towards satisfying the said dqtfes by ifife act imposed for or in respect of such tobacco, upon .sea being delivered for home trade, consumption, or out of the warehouse or warehouses ip which the la been so deposited, lodged, and secured, orfor or, jh refaefr tf

178^.3 Anno vicesimo nono georgii III C 68. 7^5

suck snuff, upon the same being delivered out of the warehouse or warehouses in which such snuff hall have been so deposited, lodged and secured, together with all reasonable costs, charges, and expenses of the keeping and file of such tobacco and snuff respectively; and if the money arising from the sale thereof shall be more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all the said duties together with such costs, charges, apd expenses, the respective receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being (in case the said respective commissioners of the customs, of any four or more of them, in England, or three or more of them in Scotland, shall cause such tobacco or snuff to be sold) shall pay over to 'the said respective commissioners of excise, so much of such excess or surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the excise duties by this act imposed for or in respect of such tobacco and snuff respectively, upon the delivery of such

and snuff respectively for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, out of the warehouse or warehouses in which the lame respectively shall be deposited, lodged, and secured; and the said respective commissioners of excise (in case they, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause such tobacco or snuff to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective receivers general of the customs, so much of such excels or surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the custom duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of such tobacco and snuff respectively, upon the delivery thereof, for home trade, consumption, or manufacture out of thesrvarehouse or warehousesin which the same respectively ihah be deposited, lodged, and secured and the overplus, any'be, shall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of such tobacco and snuff respectively, or other person or persons authorised to receive the fames and if in case, upon such tobacco or (huff being put up andifnomore or offered to sale, no person or persons shall offer or bid for the than th^du'd same more money than the said duties taken together would amount unto, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful bacco or snuff''and for such commissioners respectively to cause the same reit may be spectively to be burnt or destroyed, and to sell and dispose of the burnt*and the ashes arising therefrom for the mod money that can be gotten sod for the same.

T*VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the im If tobacco or porter or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or snuff be not consignees, of tobacco and snuff respectively, which shall be |^c^jronl weighed and taken an account of respectively, according to the househifx4 directions of this act, either for exportation or for home trade, days after consumption, or manufacture, shall, within fourteen days after bjeingweighed such weighing of such tobacco and snuff respectively, clear and jr take away all such tobacco and snuff respectively from and out consumption, of such warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have 6d. per week been so weighed; and if any such importer or importers, proto be pa; d for prictor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, of any tobaccoacb or (huff respectively, shall suffer any such tobacco or snuff recaa* fpectwdy to be pr remain in any such warehouse or warehouses

C C C 3 more

73c

No persons to he employed by importers, cof tobacco or snuff, in the king's warehouses, hut such as are licensed by the coramif fionera of the ^uftpms.

tokicco or V m'ti laved rim any v.vrcii to be io»sjj**d in the luarcft cuf

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. [1789^

more than fourteen days after such weighing of such tobacco or snuff respectively, he, (he, or they shall, over and betides the duties by this ast imposed for or in respect of such tobacco or snuff iefpec\ively, pay, or cause to be paid, to the proper custoo warehouse keeper belonging to such warehouse, at and after the rate of sixpence per week for each and every such hogihead, cask, chest, or case of such tobacco and snuff respectively, for the time during which any such tobacco and snuff respectitdy shall remain in such warehouse or warehouse after the expffi tion of such fourteen days, and in default of such payment no such tobacco or snuff shall be delivered from or out of such warehouse or warehouses to such importer or importers, pro prietor or proprietors, consignee or confignces, but the same shall be.fold and disposed of, and the money anting from such sale thereof be applied in manner as is herein directed for and in respect of tobacco and snuff which the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or confignces, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to clear or take from and out of the warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged, or secured, within the times rcfpc&ivdy herein before in that behalf prelcfibed and directed.

LVII And be it further enacted, That no person or perfeni Whatever shall be employed by any importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, of any tobacco or snuff, deposited, lodged, or secured ia any such warehouse or warehouses, nor shall any such person or persons do or perform any a, matter, or thing, in or about the taking any such tobacco or snuff from pr out of any hogihead, cask, chest, or case, containing the same, or in or about the separating any damaged or mean tobacco from the residue of such tobacco, or bringing such tobacco or snuff, or causing the same to be brought to or put into the proper feales to be weighed, or removing or flowing the same away in such warehouse or warehouses, or removing the same from or out of such warehouse or warehouses, upon the delivery thereof from or out of such warehouse or warehouses, unleft fadi person or persons shall be previously duly licensed for that par pose. by the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, or the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them; and such commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively are hereby authorised and empowered to grant such licences, and to take such proper bond or other Security as, they shall respechvely deem necessary, for the faithful and upright condudf, in every respect, of such person or perfeas. and the servants by him or them from time to time employed in the behalf aforesaid, in such warehouse or warehouses.

LVIII And be it further enacted, That in case any tebacta or snuff shall be saved from any ship or vessel, being wreck, or being stranded, or in distress on the coast of this kingdom, act such tobacco shall be forthwith deposited, lodged, and secured in the customhouse warehouse nearest: to the plate tfhert tl|c

same

2789*] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. 737

ameftull be found, and shall betubjed and liable to all and tom house every the rules, conditions, regulations, restrictions, penalties warehouse' and forfeitures in this act mentioned and contained.

LIX And be it further enacted, That all and every manu manufactur fadurer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in, tobacco ers nd dc or snuff shall, three days at the lead before be, (he, or they shall ^ntry three begin to manufacture or sell any tobacco, tobacco dalks, Spanish, days previous tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk to their manu fiour, or snuff, make true and particular entry in writing of all hiring or houses, warehouses, workhouses, (bops, rooms, celiars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or them respectively intended to snuff, of their be made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or selling tobacco, warehouses, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, p onpenalty snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, at the office of excise forf^jireof within the compass or limits whereof such respective houses, tobacco, kc warehouses, workhouses, (hops, rooms, celiars, vaults, and, other places respectively, shall be situate, on pain of forfeiting; -

the sum of two hundred pounds for every house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place, .which he,

(he, or they shall make use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or selling tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, without having made such entry thereof as aforesaid, together with the tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish y tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, respectively, which shall at any time be found therein, and also all the jeasses, vessels, and packages whatsoever, containing the same; and ah such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, snuff, caflcs, vessels, and packages, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

LX And be it further enacted, That where any entry shall Where entry be made by any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or jjjl dealers in, tobacco or snuff, of any house, warehouse, workhouse, et^for ma (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place, for the manufacturing, nufaduring keeping, or selling tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco or selling to ftaiks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or frniff, no other entry shall be made by any other manufacturer o^her^n'tiy or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff to be made of (not being in partnership with.such manufacturer or manufac anyplace turers, or dealer or dealers, making such first entry) of the same, under the or<of any other house, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place !amc ro # whatsoever, for the manufacturing, keeping, or selling tobacco, tobacco, (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, under the same roof, or within the same house or tenement, in which such first entry shall then be existing; but every such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, making such further entry of the (un^frh^use, or of any other such (hop, room, celiar, vault, or oth^ place, under the same roof, or within the same house or tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further entry by him,

C C C 4 her

t

738 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii ill C 64c. £17 %

her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be ajnmdbdtatv or msvhiia&urers of, or dealer or dealers In, tobacco m fcioff without entry, and subject to the like penafoes and forfoituscs as mannfa&urers of and dealers in tobacco or snuff without entry are subject onto by virtue of this adh No entry of LXI And be it further enacted. That no person or perfaot any place for whatsoever, retiding within the limits of the chief office of euife ing tobacco] n London shall manufacture any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spmijb* etc. or snuff, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk within the flour, or snuff, unless such person or persons shall occupy a limit of the tenement or tenements of the yearly rent of ten pounds or tip in London Cto war an fr which he, (he, or they shall accordingly be afc be valid, un fefied in his, her, or their own name or names, and Shall a left made by pay to the pafiih rates; and that no person or persons whatfcv an occupier ever, redding in sny other part of the' kingdom oif Great Britm* rf lol^ywriv where there are rates to church and poor, shall epenufadture any rent, nor ia Y tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk | any other flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, uniefs such per place, unleft son or persons respectively shall be assessed and pay to chwefa ture^pamo" ask pr n parishes and places in which such per

the church or persons shall re/jpedively reside; and that no entry of

and poor any house, wasehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or j rates. other place for the manufa£hiring tobacco, tobacco (talks,

Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk dour, (huff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, shall be of any avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the period or persons so making faefe entry Audi be qualified as aforesaid; and every person manufacturing tobacco, tobacco (talk, Spmifb* tabacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, fnuflf. work, tobacco ftaft flour, or snuff, and not qualified asaforefiud, shall, ootwiefc handing any entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a person manufacturing tobacco or snuff without entry, within the meaning of this ah Manufactur LXII And be it further enacted. That all and every asm cr§ and deal fafturcr and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in, fohaoea the word or all cause to C Panted or written, in large legible herein men characters, over the outer door, or in the front, or on tome con tioned paint fpicuous part of each and every house, warehoufo, workhouse, ed oo their (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place, by him, her, or them penalty of rcfpe6tively made use of for the manufa^irhig, keeping, or

501.. 1 selling tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, the words, manufaslurer of and Dealer in Tobeuca and 8ntff, or Taboo at Snnff* or Manufacturcr of or Dealer in Tobsuo and ff? or fa bacco, or Snuff as the case may require, on pain of forflmsflgfcr every such house, ware house, workhouse, (hop, room celiar, vault, or other place which shall be so made use of by any feck manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, whhaat having the said words painted or written as is hereby directed, the (uni of fifty pounds, and it any juxiii. And be it further enacted. That if taj person at L futl Wh0 - pcrfqm

9.3' Anno vicesimooiwroboroiiill. c.68. 739

oon Whatsoever, other than such a £hajl have, duly nude en ha not nude a the proper office of excise of each and every, house, ware en?ry (bull C uvorkhouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, and other place, word on hi turn, her, or them respectively made use of for the manufac house, he ng, keeping, or selling of tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spenijb, shall forfeit icco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk tool 'tp ir, and snuff, or one of them, shall paint or write, or cause oe painted or written, over the outer door, or in the front, on any part of any house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, m, celiar, vault, or place to him, her, or them belonging,

: fakl words, or any of them, all and every such person oc Tone respectively offending therein shall, for each and every h offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall o be subject to the fevecal penalties and forfeitures to which Tonnes manufacturing of or dealing in tobacco and snuff, or her of them, without entry, are subjected to by virtue of this t.

lfxiv. And be it further enacted, That no person or per Person mi. ns whatsoever shall manufacture, or cause or procure to be nufaduring annfadtured, out of the limit of the chief office of excise in tndatt, any tobacco, tobacco (hdks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for any place out bacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, in of the limit ty place or places whatsoever, other than and except cities and °lthe cj "ef it fuburha thereof, and market towns, and also except such ^cfn°loii ace and places respectively as shall be .more than five miles don, except iftant from any part of the seacoast of Great, unlelii in cities, etc,

ich .place or pdaccs shall he*city or suburbs thereof, or a to forfeit sol. lafhtt town within three miles of ibme port into which to acco may be imported under this adfc, and in which the manu ldture of tobacco or snuff shall be carried on at the time of affine this act; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall nanwadture, or cause or procure to be manufactured, out of he limits of the chief office of excise in London, any tobacco, obacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, nuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or (huff, in any place or places rhatsoever, other than and except cities send the suburbs there sand market towns, and also except such place and places re pcdbvely as shall be more than five miles d iftant from any part f the seacoast of Great Britain, the person or persons to of ending shall feverxllg and respectively, for each and every such jfifence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXV Provided always. That no manufacturer or manu but not to iadturera of tobacco or fnuft^ duly licensed according to the di extend to _ regions of this act, shall incur or be liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds for or by reason of his, her, or their manufadtur u/ufedpriar ing, arcaufing or prbenring to be manufactured, any tobacco, to July 5, tobacco ftaucs, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, 1789. tobacco stalk flour, ur snuff at any tobacco or snuff manufactory, whereof due entry shall be made at the office of excise, according to the directions of this act, and which shall have been used as a tobacco or snuff manufactory respectively at any time on or before the fifth day of July one ttyoqfand seven hundred ancj

googrsh, y

74<* Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C €9. [1785.

eighty nine; anything herein before contained to thecootraq thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

1789 an ac LXVI And be it further enacted, That all and every count on oath nufadturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in, to of the stock bacco or snuff shall, on or before the thirtieth day of September of tobacco, northeast thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, deliver or ode hw ed at the to delivered, apon oath, according to the best of his, her, or excise office their knowledge and belief, at the office of excise within the of the distria, com pass or limits whereof his, her, or their respective hooks, oopenaltyof warehouses, workhouses, (hops, rooms, celiars,vaults, sof forfeiture, other places by him, her, or them, made use of for the maos fadhiring, keeping, or selling tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spent, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, fnuflf work, tobacco thk flour, or snuff, respectively, shall be situate, a just, true, ad particular account in writing of the weight of the sevendqoo* titles of tobacco, tobacco (talks, Sponifa tobacco stalk flour, and snuff respectively, which shall, on the said thirtieth day oi September one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, be m his, her, or their custody or possession, specifying in such ae* count how much thereof is unmanufactured tobacco, bm much thereof (hort cut tobacco, how much thereof (hag tobacco, how much thereof roll tobacco completely manufactured, boo much thereof carrot tobacco completely manufactured, boa much thereof tobacco (talks, how much thereof Spmnfc hoe much thereof returns of tobacco, how much thereof tobacco (talk flour, how much thereof British rappee snuff, how mad thereof Scotch snuff, how much thereof brown Sutcb (naff, and how much thereof foreign snuff, on pain of forint ing, for eveiy neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered fodi account, all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamjk, tobacco flak flour, and snuff respectively, whereof no such account fhatt k so delivered, together with the hogsheads, calks, and packed respectively, containing the same respectively; and such tobacco, tobacco (talks, span\jb % tobacco stalk flour, snuff, hogfhca&, casks, and packages respective]y, shall and may be seized by aey officer or officers of excise. and also of LXVII And be it further enacted, That all and every an tfcjs, antitic§ nu^urcr an(l manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall, oner rtc^wh«i0put before the kid thirtieth day of September one thousand fcvra in operation, hundred and eighty nine, deliver or cause to be delivered upon on like pe oath, according to the best of his, her, and their knowledge mi hf* belief, at the office of excise within the compass or Units

whereof his, her, or their respective houses, warehouses, workhouses, (hops, rooms, celiars, vaults, and other places respectively by him, her, or them made use offer the manuf^tarag or keeping tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff work, in operation, shall be situate, a just, true, and particular account in ertmof of the weight of the several quantities of tobacco when path operation (or (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, m.d.. carrot tobacco, respectively; of the weight of the several quantfeo of tobacco stalks, when put in operation for Spanijbund tobacco (talk flour respectively; nd of the weight of the several qu»n.

'89o Anno vicelitno noiio Georgii III C 68.

74i

ies of tobafeco, tobacco ftfclks, and returns of tobacco when it in operation for british rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, and brown rtib (huff, respectively, which shall on the said thirtieth day sipumbtr qnt thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, be in s, her, or their custody or possession; and in such account all specify the number of his, her, or their rolls and carrots'tobacco respectively, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect refusal to deliver or cause to be delivered such account, all the bacco, tobacco (talks, and snuff work respectively in opera an in his, her, or their custody or possession, and whereof no ch account shall be delivered, together with the hogftieads, i(ks, and packages whatsoever, containing the same respec ely; and such tobacco, tobacco stalks, and snuff work, hogs sads, calks, and packages respectively, shall and may be seized f any officer or officers of excise.

LX VIII And be it further enacted, That all tobacco, tobac Tobacco, etc, ) stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff found on ork, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, which shall, on the said lirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty following, in ine, or within ten days then next following, be found in jhe the possession jftody or possession or any manufacturer or manufacturers of, of any manu r dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff, and for or in respect ^iu7for thereof he, (he, or they shall not have sufficient credit On the which'he ha jftom house books, or in default thereof shall not make suffi not credit on ent proof, to the satisfaction of the said respective commissioners the custom f excise, that he, (he, or they bought the same in the fair way f trade, from some person or persons who was or were openly C ctc^ a*nown and reputed to be a regular dealer or regular dealers in

)bacco or snuff, together with the hogsheads, cades, and pack ges whatsoever, containing such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish

>bacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk our, and snuff respectively, shall be forfeited; and such tobacco,

Aacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff rork, tobacco stalk flour, snuff, hogftieads, calks, and packages: spectively, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of le customs or excise.

LXIX And be it further enacted, That all and every manu Entry to be acturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall, three days at make at Ae raft before he, (he, or they shall begin to manufacture any to cof the acco, tobacco stalks, Spanish tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk diftriftofall burr, (huff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, make true and mills, etc. 3 articular entry in writing, at the office of excise withip the day previous ompafs or limits whereof he, (he, or they shall have, keep, or onupenaltycof, ife any mill, press, engine, roller, stove, muller, or spinning 50i; forcacb. rbed, for the performing any process, operation, matter, or hmg whatsoever, in or about the manufacturing tobacco, to racco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff vork, tobacco stalk flour, or fquff, of each and every such mill,

refs, engine, roller, stove, muller or spinning wheel, for the performing any process. matter or thing, in or about he manufacturing of tobaoto, tobacco stalks Spanijbtobacco

I stalks

74*

Manufacturers of tobacco or fnnff, or dealers therein, to take oat licences, which are to be granted as herein fpe cifiecl

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii HL c*68»

stalks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco folk floats snuff, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds far era such mil), press, engine, roller, stove, muller, or fpinningofac^ which he, (he, or they shall have, keep, or use for the perishing any process, operation, matter, or thing whatsoever, in or about the manufa&uring tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spmfa tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco fak flour, or snuff.

LXX And be it further enacted. That all and every pose or persons who shall manufacture tobacco or snuff, or deal a tobacco or snuff, shall, before he, (he, or they shall manafafisi tobacco or snuff or deal in tobacco or snuff, takeout suchlicoa and licences herein after mentioned, as the case may rcqoar, authoring such person or persons to manufacture tobacco ad snuff, or to deal in tobacco and snuff, as the case may requite, which licences respectively shall be granted in manner born after mentioned $ (that is to (ay), if any such licence hah be granted to authorise the person or persons to whom the bm shall be granted to manufacture tobacco and fhufl^ or todda tobacco and snuff within the limits of the chief office of act in Lentor, the same shall be granted under the hands and fail of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Engkdbite time being, or of such persons as they the bid commissioncna excise, or the major part of them for the time being, flubfrw time to time appoint for that purpose; but if any fechfetxt shall be granted to authorise the person or persons to whoa tk same shall be granted to manufacture tobacco and deal in tobacco and snuff, in any pert of the kingdom of eifw out of the limits of the said chief office, the same shall be pad under the respective hands and foals of the cplle&orsand vifors of excise within their respective coueftions and difiift; and in case any such licence shall be granted to authorise tk person or persons to whom the same Bull be granted ao on failure tobacco and snuff, of to dbal in tobacco and Cnafi^ aid the limits of the city of Edinburgh the same shall be mrt under the hands and seats of two or more of the axnmiaboi of excise in Scotland for the time being; or if any such beoff shall be granted to authorise the perfba or persons to wheotk same shall be granted to manufacture tobacco and (huff, ore deal in tobacco and snuff, in any part of Scotland out of tk limits of the city of Edinburgh, then the same shall be grad under the respective hands and foals of the collectors aid it pervifors of excise in Scotland within their refpoctive couc&o and districts; and such refpcciive commissioners o cxrife, tf two or more of them respectivciy, and the perform*to heap pointed by the said commissionera of excise in England or or major part of them, and also all such collector and feperkfa pre hereby respectively authorised and required to grant fed licences to the persons who shall apply for the same, on the f son or perfoos applying for the same first paying the fetoalfeb f money herein after fpmncqqdj that fr to fey

7 &9*] Anno vicefimb nono Georgii III C 68. 743

The fiunr of forty Shillings for each such licence which shall Thedtitiesto t granted«previous to the tenth day of November one thousand je Paie for ven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to licencc8* anufacture tobacco and snuff until tlve said tenth day of No mber one thousand seven hundred and ninety:

The sum of forty Shillings for each and every such licence hich shall be granted after the said tenth day of November one oufand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or; rfons to manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and uff work weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture acting to the directions of this act, within the year ending the nth day of o&oker previous to his, her, or their taking out such: shall not have exceeded the quantity of twenty thou*ad pounds weight:

The sum of three pounds Tor each such licence which (hall? granted after the said tenth day of November one thousand ea hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to anufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work sighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to e directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth day,

q&oter previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, all have exceeded twenty thousand pounds weight, and shall

have exceeded thirty thousand pounds weight:

The Aim of four pounds for each such licence which shall be anted after the said tenth day of November one thousand seven treked and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to itia ifadure tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work sighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to e directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth day Ofiobtr previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, all have exceeded thirty thousand pounds weight, and shall

have exceeded forty thousand pounds weight:

The sum of five pounds for each such licence which shall be inted after the said tenth day of November ant thousand feveh tndied and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to ma facture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work ighed by biin, her, or them, for manufacture according ter 5 directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth day Otfober previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, ill have exceeded forty thousand pounds weight, and shall not tre exceeded fifty thousand pounds weight:

Xhcfum of six pounds for each such licence which shall be mted after the said tenth day of November one thousand seven ndred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to tna foctore tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work rghtd by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to? dipedioos of this act, within the year ending the tenth day gour previous to hit, her, or their taking out such licence, rilvh*re exceeded fifty thousand pounds weight, and shall nor w exceeded sixty thousand pounds weight:

The sum of seven pounds, for each such licence which shall

ha

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C 68. [ify

be granted after the said tenth day of Noveniber one fhoak* seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any petfon or perfoih*: manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and fooff wri weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according t: the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth d; i of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such fiercer shall have exceeded sixty thousand pounds weight, and shall nc have exceeded seventy thousand pounds weight:

The sum of eight pounds for each such licence which fin" be granted after the said tenth day of November one thootarj seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or peribra s manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture accorfeg oath directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth by of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such lict&t, shall have exceeded seventy thousand pounds weight, and da!) not have exceeded eighty thousand pounds weight:

The sum of nine pounds for each such licence which (hi granted after the said tenth day of November one thousand be hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons roas nufacture tobacco and fnuflt, if the tobacco and feoff m weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according r. the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth &' of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such shall have exceeded eighty thousand pounds weight, and fe not have exceeded ninety thousand pounds weight:

The sum of ten pounds for each such licence which fest granted after the said tenth day of November one rhoufmdfbr hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or periont lots nufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and feoff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth a of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such litre: shall have exceeded ninety thousand pounds weight, and (hi, not have exceeded one hundred thousand pounds weight: The sum of twelve pounds for each such licence which fti be granted after the said tenth day of November one thonfe seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or perfown manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth u of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such liccnc: , shall have exceeded one hundred thousand pounds weight, !^ shall not have exceeded one hundred and twenty thoufsoj pounds weight:

The sum of fifteen pounds for each such licence which M be granted after the said tenth day of November one tbocfcrj seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any person or perfomto manufacture tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff weighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according, the directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth ta

789*3 Aqno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. 745

' October previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, tall have exceeded one hundred and twenty thousand pounds eight, and shall not have exceeded one hundred and fifty oufand pounds weight:

The sum of twenty pounds for each such licence which shall; granted after the said tenth day of November one thousand ven jiundred and ninety, to authorise any person or persons to aniitadure tobacco and snuff, if the tobacco and snuff work eighed by him, her, or them, for manufacture according to e directions of this act, within the year ending the tenth day of Bober previous to his, her, or their taking out such licence, shall ive exceeded one hundred and fifty thousand pounds weight:

And the sum of five Shillings for each such licence to authorise m, her, or them to deal in tobacco and snuff within the limits the chief office of excise in London, or within the limits of e city of Edinburgh; and the sum of two Shillings and (ixpence r each such licence to authorise the person or persons to whom ie same shall be granted to deal in tobacco and snuff in any her part of Great Britain, out of the said respective limits.

LXXI And be it further enabled, That the said several sums To whom the ' money by this act directed to be paid for such licences re duties for h edively shall be paid for such respective licences to such per ^nf^rc ns as are herein after in that behalf respectively mentioned; hat is to say) such thereof as shall be paid for licences which tall be granted to authorise any person or persons to manu dure toba^o and snuff, or to deaf in tobacco and snuff, within e limits of the chief office of excise in London, fhp.ll be paid at le chief office of excise in London i and such thereof as mall be tid for such licences which shall be granted to authorise any rrfon or persons to manufacture tobacco and (huff, or to deal 1 tobacco and snuff, within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, tail be paid at the chief office of excise at Edinburgh; and such tereof as shall be paid for such licences respectively which shall: granted to authorise any person or persons to manufacture tbacco and snuff, or to deal in tobacco and snuff, in any part r Great Britain out of the said respective limits, shall be paid»the respective collectors of excise granting such respective: :

LXXIT. And be it further enacted. That no person or persons Licencesto till manufacture tobacco or snuff, or deal in tobacco or bcrcncwcd iuff, after the expiration of twelve months from the time of yearly king out any such licence as aforesaid, unless such person or srfons shall take out a fresh licence, in the manner herein before reded, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months om the time of taking out such former licence, and foin like tanner from year to yer; and that if any person or persons Penaltyonnot tall manufacture tobacco or snuff without nrft taking out a taking out, or ccnce, and renewing the same yearly, as herein before in that no renewing ehalf directed, he, (northeast, or they shall for each and every such llccncc8« (Fence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds j and that if any

person

dealers.

One licence

746 Anno vicesimo nono gfcoi&ilul c/68.r fbytj.

person or persons shall deal in tobaoco orfbnfiy wkbom 4a taking out a licence, and renewing the fameyoariy, as when before in that behalf directed, he, foe, or Otey shall, fare, and every such offence forfeit the font of fifty pounds. mamifk&dr LXXIII Provided always. That no person or' persons to wru>t selling whom any licence shall be granted, according to the dbefotos left quantities f th , to authorilb him, her, or them to manofa&uft to than elb.and bacco and snuff, shall be obliged to takeout any licence tarn snuff than thorifo him, her, or them to deal in tobacco and fntiff^ureter tak n*7v"°t of them, so that such person or persons shall not at toy tanekil 011 L any tobacco id a less quantity than four pounds weight, or set snuff in a left quantity than two pounds weight, anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in aeywifena withstanding.

LXXIV Provided also, That persons manufodhiring tobies fufficicntfora^fouff, or dealing in tobacco or snuff, in partoerfoip, tad a rachousef10 one house or foopo>nly, shall not be obliged to take ootasore than one licence in dny one year for manufacturing tobaomod Licences not snuff, or for dealing in tobacco and snuff; and tharno'flnei: < t^miuiufoc ccnce which* g«nted by virtue of this act shall aotk luring tobtc rise or fimpower any person or persons to msnufa&arc tobacco, etc. in or snuff, or to deal in tobacco or (huff, in any other hod: ,

any other warehouse, work house, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other phrt,

placethan houses, warehouse*, wqrkhouses, (hops, wo,

Lily entered, celiars, vaults, or other places, whereof entry in writing fasti b: made at the office of excise, in the names of such person or persons, according to the directions of this act, at the ume«granting such licence.

No person to LXXV Provided also. That nothing in tbit a&contaiaef* (h*h cxtcn<** or he deemed or conflrucd to extend, to imkevr

file ofun* person or persons liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds for manufactured by reason of the sale of unmanufactured tobacco, or for orb tobacco, or reason of the sale of any snuff, whiht such tobacco or snuff fal fouff, while^aj1(j reman in the warehouse or warehouses in which & inthejftnt'a ^ltnc shall bedeposited, lodged, and secured, according totk warehouse; directions of this act.

Tobacco LXXVI Provided also. That nothing herein contained flat

folk, etc. extend, or be doemed or construed to extend, to make a' «vbemami. Spamjb cutter or snuff miller liable to the said penalty of tv: any entered hundred pounds for or by reason of such spam/h cutter's mass mills, on ac fa&uring any tobacco (talks ioto Sparrijb, or for or by restate; count of other such snuff miller's grinding any tobacco (talks for tobaccafhk, icfnac<ima' flour nt tobacco (talk flour, or any snuff work into sass, who haw le provi<kd such tobacco (talks, tobacco (talks for tobaoco dak gaily receive flour, and snuff work respectivdy, so respectively mamifadwcd such tobacco and ground, (hah be so manufactured and ground at legal entered mills, for or on account of any other mamifadturcr of o bacco or snuff, duly Hcenfcd according to the dtre&ions of tbs aft, and provided such tobaceo (talks, tobacco (talks for tatatf (talk flour, and snuff work refpefiively, shall havn been say received by such &pcmijb cutter or snuff miller rcfpc&itdy, h

- % .

fahss, etc.

74 7

Artnd viieflmo nolo georgii'iii. C 68.

fcgal permit from such other manufacturer or itoanufadhireft, for the sole purpose of manufacturing or grinding the same as afbreftid; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXVII And be it farther enabled, That alt and every Notices as manufacturer and manufacturers of tobacco shall, before he,

(he, or they shall begin to (trip or to spin any tobacco, or to theexcifc, VC press any tobacco for cutting, or to make any tobacco into officer before carrots, or to flatten any tobacco (talks for Spanish, give to the anjr mam officer of excise under whose survey he, (he, or they shall then ^«urer be be, six hours notice in writing, if his, her, or their premises, ift |tc!tc»oco! which such tobacco is intended to be (tripped, spun, pressed, or made into carrots, or tobacco (talks are intended to be flattened for Spanish, shall be situate within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh\ twelve hours notice in writing, if such premises shall be situate many city, or the suburbs thereof, or in any market town; and twenty*four hours notice in writing, if such premises shall be situate in any other part of Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention foto do; and in each and every such notice for (trip

a; tobacco, shall specify the weight or all such tobacco in ed to be (tripped; and in each and every such notice sot fpioning, pressing, or making into carrots, shall specify thfe several weights of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco respectively, so intended to be pressed, spun, or made into carrots; and in each and every such notice for flattening tobacco (talks for Spanish, shall specify the weight of all such tobacco (talks so intended to be flattened; and in each and every of the aforesaid notices shall, as the case may require,

(pecify the hour and time when he, (he, or they shall intend to begin foto (trip, spin, press, or make into carrots, any such tobacco, or to flatten any such tobacco (talks for Spanish; and Officer fast the proper officer of eftcife shall attend pursuant to any such tcnda$ree*blc notice, and such manufacturer or manufacturers dial I, lmrtie diately on such officer's attendance, or within one hour after the j>ncc the to time specified in any such notice, begin to weigh, separate and bacco', etc. is apalrt from each other, in the presence of such officer, all such tobeweighed* tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco respectively, so intended to be pressed, spun, or made into carrots, arid alfb all such tobacco (talks so intended to be flattened, and shall proceed in and continue each and every such weighihg until all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco, specified in any such notice, shall be so weighed; and fu£h manufacturer oi manufacturers shall also, so (bon as such tobacco, tobacco (talks and returns of tobacco respectively, specified in any such notice

(hah be so weighed, deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying how much of such tobacco, and returns of nd to whom, tobacco respectively, is or are intended to be manufactured into? ^cj^at.lv" short cut tobacco, how much thereof respechvely into shag rpecifyttfg? tobacco and how much of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, and quantity in retums of tobacco respectively, is or are intended to be made tejided to be Yoi. XXXVI Ddd into ufc<j for cash

-74&

sort of 13 bacco.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgia IL C 6 k [1789.

into roll and carrot tobacco rdjpedively; and all and ewcry such 'manufacturer and manufacturers (lull, without delay or iotct 'ruption, after such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or returns oftobacoo, shall have been so weighed, manufacture the same refpcdivdy into (hort cut tobacco, .(hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, according to such declaration, and also maoufadurc into Sponijb all such tobacco folks', according to such notice; and i: any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco shall begin to drip or to spin any tobacco, or to press any tobacco for cutting, or to make any tobacco into carrots, jor to flatten any tobacco, 'fialks for spank, without giving such notfee as is in that btha*

" herein before directed to be given, or having given any fob

notice, and begun to weigh any such tobacco or tobacco aauu in pursuance thereof, shall neglect or refafe to proceed inor continue any such weighing, in manner herein before direfod, 'or shall not, so soon as any such tobacco, tobacco folks, or returns of tobacco respectively, fpecifled in any such notice soil be so weighed, deliver to such officer such declaration as laid, or shall, after any such tobacco, tobacco folks, or setiyiv of tobacco, shall have been weighed, neglect or refuse to Tadure the same respectively into (hort cut tobacco, (hag tabasco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, according to such dccfcnfo in manner herein befbre diredqd, or shall neglect or reflet to manufacture into Spanijk any such tobacco stalks, according to such notice, in manner herein before directed, all and cwy Penalty of ioh such manufacturer or manufacturers (o offending shall, for tad for tiegled, and every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds bat not to be LXXVIII Provided always nevertheless. That no.such i"currcd, f nufadurcr or manufacturers shall incur or be liable to the bd afur°dcclara Penahy of twenty pounds, for or by teafon of not preflihg dor tion, appears cutting, or not (pinning or making into carrots, any tobacco, to be unfit for according to such declaration, in case such tobacco shall, ofm niaking car further examination, after tyre delivery of such declaration, ap pear to be unfit to be so pressed, spun, or made into carrots, ao cording to such declaration, and notice thereof in writing, if cifying the weight of such tobacco, shall be given by such maott* fadurer or manufacturers to the officer of excise under whole survey he, (he, or they shall then be, within cony eight horn next after the delivery of such declaration, and in case such na nufadurer or manufacturers shall also, within that time, in hkt manner deliver to such officer a fresh declaration in rofpect thereof, specifying into which of the sorts of tobacco heg» before mentioned the same is to be manu£adured, .and (bailale proceed in like manner to press for cutting, to spin or makx into carrots, all such tobacco, according to such last mcqtiefo declaration; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXIX Provided also. That no such manufacturer or nufadurers of tobacco, being alio a manufacturer or mamfo* turers of snuff, duly licensed according to the directions of so ad, shall incur or bf liab/e to the said penalty of twenty pofo

.to

rots, C

manufacturers.both of tobacco and snuff not liable to the

J anno Vtfesimo nono Georgii !TI. C 68. 749-

for or by rctforr of not dripping, or not pfefling for cutting, or aforesaid pend (pinning or making into carrots, any tobacco according to ^acco ^fter such declaration, in case such tobacco shall, upon further cx> declaration, atnirtation after the delivery of such declaration, appear to bd appears to be unfit to be so (tripped, pressed, tyun, or made into carrots, ac j}t only for cording to such declaration, and shall be fit only for the purpose work, of being laid down in snuff work, and notice thereof in writing, specifying the weight of such tobacco, shall be given by such manufacturer or manufacturers to the officer of excise under whose survey he, (he, or they shall then be, within forty-eight hours next after the delivery of such declaration; and in case such manufacturer or manufacturers shall also within that time, in like manner, deliver to such officer a fresh declaration in refoect thefeof, specifying inro what sort of snuff work the same is to be laid down, (that is so fay), whether the same is to be hid down in (huff work for rappee snuff, snuff work for Scotch snuff, or (huff work for brown Scotch (huff, and shall also proceed to lay down the same into such particular sort of snuff work, according to such lad mentioned declaration; anything liereiti tfcfofe contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not wfthfttfttding.

LXXX And be it further enacted, That when any manu Declaration facterifr or manufacturers of tobacco shall have finished the ma cxchc officer nufacttirlng any tobacco into short cut tobacco or (hag tobacco, Of the weight or (hahliavc finished the manufacturing any tobacco (talks into of the differ spanish, such mafrillfactufor or manufacturers shall, when and ent sorts of so feon as any such tobacco or tobacco (talks'respectively shall foon^manu be completely manufactured, deliver, or cause to be delivered, faaured into to th officer of excise, under whose survey, he, (he, or they short cut, C shall then be, a declaration in writing, specifying the weight which are to of ttte short cur tobacco, (hag tobacco, and Spanish, respectivciy j^te for Pa manufactured from such tobacco and tobacco (talks respectively, hours, or till and also the weight of the returns and tobacco (talks respectively an account be arising from such (hort cut tobacco and (hag tobacco respec taken, on pe tivety, in the manufacturing of such (hort cut tobacco and nalty s*(hag tobacco respectively, and such manufacturer or manufacturers shall keep ah such short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, and returns of tobacco respectively, separate and apart from each other, and (eparare and apart from all other tobacco, tobacco (talks, spani/b> and returns of tobacco respectively, for and during the space of twenty-four hours, from the time when such manufacturing shall be fimshed, or until such officer shall have taken an account of the same re (pefti^tly, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect or refusal thereof rhe sum of fifty pounds.

LXXXI And be it further enacted, That when any manu A like dec fa&urfcr or manufacturers of tobacco, shall have finished the givenvao ttfsftirtg inro rolls or carrots any tobacco, such manufacturer or lacco made llitmufachijrejrs (half, when and so fodn as'any fuph making shall, into rolls or bhfinished, deliver or cause to be delivered to the officer of ex carrots, ciyc under whose survey, he, (he, or they shall then be, a'rieda Pc

^by Dgle wtion

and also of rolls or carrots, pressed, cured, and finished, canno

vicesimo npno georch III c^68. {13-89,

ration in writing, specifying the number of the rolls and worn respectively so made, and the weight of the tobacco (talk returns or tobacco respectively, arising from such rolls and or rots respecfiively, in the manufacturing thereof refpedivdy \ mi such manufacturer or manufacturers shall keep all such Tofts, carrots, tobacco (talks, and returns respectively, fepsrate sad apart from all other rolls, carrots, tobacco (talks, and retumof tobacco respectively, for and during the space of twenty few hours, from the time when such making shall be finithed, or until such officer shall have taken an account of the famerefpeo tively, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect or refufri thereof the lum of fifty pounds.

LXXXII And be it further enacted, That when any moo faclurer or manufacturers of tobacco shall have pressed, cured, and finifiied any rolls or carrots of tobacco, such manufacturer or manufacturers shall, when and so loon as the same shall be so pressed, cured, and finidied, deliver or cause to be delivered to the officer of excise under whose Purvey he, (he, or they shall then be, a declaration in writing, specifying the number of such rolls afid carrots respectively, and also the weight of such rolli and carrots respectively; 1 and such manufacturer and manufacturers shall keep all such rolls and carrots respectively fepsose and apart from all other rolls and carrots of tobacco, for and during the space of twenty-four hours from the time wheptk fhme shall be first prested, cured, and finished, or until fiichofficer shall have taken an account of the same, on pain of forfeiting, for evciy neglect or refusal thereof, the focn of sin pounds.

LXXXII And be it further enacted, That no mandat turer or manufacturers of tobacco shall make, manufacture, «have in his, her, or tiieir custody df possession, any roll tobate tobacco (talks or carrot tobacco for exportation, with arty tobacco (talks there therein, it in; and if any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco (Ui tnafbeseized, make, manufacture, or have in his, her, or their caftodycc abd the ma p0(re{fion, any roll tobacco or carrot tobacco for exportation, with any tobacco (talks therein, the same respectively Ihatl be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; and such manufacturer or mandk turers who shall so make, manufacture, 6r have in Ms, her, C their custody or possession any such roll tobacco or carrot tobacco for exportation with any tobacco (talks therein, ftudl, fe each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds LXXXIV And be it further enacted, That no perfoftcc persons whatsoever shall cut, or cause or procure to be cut, at' etcc intmita wa^nut trcc leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any te tion of to*herbs, or plants whatsoever (not being tobacco leaves, cr bacco, etc. plants) into the form Or in imitation of any of theusual iiees X on penalty of cuts which tobacco has been or shall be cut into, or

thereoffand co, olir> ^a'n> ye, or curc» or cause or Procure to be'cdtoure^ so*dyed, ot cured, any walnut trie leaves, hop leaacesy jy camore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants, to referable to

bacers

t>y

If rol) or carrot tobacco for exportation has any

nufa&tirer shall forfeit jol.

No person to cut walnut tree leaves.

789*3 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 75*

ftscss ir shall (nix, or cause or procure to be mixed, any wall iut .tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other eavep* hetbs or plants whatsoever, with tobacco, or shall fell, tod, setter, offer, or expose to sale, or (lull have in his, her, or 1wic coftody or possession, any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves,

'yttamdre leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants whatfo jver (not being tobacco leaves or plants) cut into the form or m imitation of any of the usual fizts or curs which tobacco has been or shall be cut into, or any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, (or other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever, coloured, (tamed, dyed, or cured, to resemble tobacco, or any tvalntat tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants, mixed with tobacco; and if any per son.er persons whatsoever shall cut, or cause or procure to bo tot, any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any otter leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever (not being tobacco - kafecfl or plants) into the form or in imitation of any of the usual fiaes or cuts which tobacco has been or shall be cut into, orshall colour, (lain, dye, or cure, or cause or procure to be coloured, stained, dyed, or cured, any walnut tree leaves, hop teaves, sycamore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants, to re fembic tobacco, or shall mix, or cause or procure to be mixed, any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any .other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever, with tobacco, or shall ^...

fell, vend, utter, offer or expose to sale, or shall have in his, her, dr their custody or possession, any walnut tree leaves, hop ... t

leaves, .sycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever (not being tobacco leaved or plants) cut into the form or in imitation of any of the usual fixes or cuts which tobacco has been or (halt be cut into, or any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fy capo ore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever, coloured, stained, dyed, or cured to resemble tobacco dr any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, or plants mixed with tobacco; all and every such person or persons respectively shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and all such walnut trees leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants whatsoever (not being tobacco leaves or plants) which shall be fa cut, coloured, stained, dyed, cured, mixed, sold, vended, uttered, offered or exposed to sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, and all such tobacco with which any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, fyca tnore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, or plants, shall be mixed, together with the hog(heads, cades, chests, cases, and packages whatsoever, containing the same, shall be forfeited; and all such walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, and other leaves, herbs, or plants, tobacco, hogsheads, casks, chests, cases,

'and packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any of sfltcr or officers of the customs or excise,

Provided always. That nothing herein before con manufraur ttmcd fhau extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to ers mtj keep D dd 3 pro andufcdjc

snuff work, etc. and to place them so as to be easily examined by the excite officer;

752 fano vicesimo none Georgii II C 6& £1789,

for framing prohibit any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from

tobacco. dying or ftafoing, with any liquid dye or (lain, any tobacco manufacturing

or manufactured intp (hort cut tobacco, flttg tobacco, roil tobacco, or carrot tobacco, or any tobacco (talks manufadturing or manufactured into tpanijt^ or from hmog such liquid dye or stain in his, her, or their custody or pose (ion, for the purpose of staining or dying such tobacco or tobacco (talks, so manufa&uring or manufactured \ anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywue not withstanding.

Snsffmanu LXXXVI And be it further enacted, That all and every ta^cfr8caflls manufa<^urcr and naanufaqurers of snuff shall, at his, her, and for prcpsing l^clt own expense find and provide prbper movable caifcs for - - preparing or laying down snuff work and tobacco (talks for tobacco

(talk flour respectively, as he, (he, or they shall lay down in calks; and shall also, at his, her, and their own expeoce, find and provide proper movable calks for putting into the same, in manner herein after directed, such fi>uff work and Uh bacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour respectively as he, (he or they shall lay down in any bin or bins; and such rnanufacturef or imnufadturers shall so conftrudt, place, and keep xllcafkiby him, her, or them ma^f use of for either of the pqrpp&s afore said, in such a manqer as that the officer or officers of exeiif pnay conveniently be enabler! to examine and weigh the same, and to mark and to examine'the contents thereof, at all times; and (had them, on also, from time to time, distinctly mark each and every cast by penalty o 501. jjer> Qr them foreither of the purposes aforesaid, o

< nioil confpicubus part thereof, with a progressive number,

and also with the exa<§ jare and weight of each and every iudi cask; and shall not lay down any snuff vyork, or pur any (naff Vork which he, Ihe, or they (lull lay down in any bin or bir>^ in any ca(k or casks not lo marked as aforesaid, nor shall hj down any snuff work in any vessel, ca(k> or pten (i I wfartocw, except in a calk or in calks (b marked as afoxesaid, or in atya or bins, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence the (foaof fifty pounds.

lxxxvii.and he it further enadm, TM alland every mi to give notice nufadturer and manufactureers of snuff (had, before he, (he, orthcjr totheexcise shall begin to }iqu6r, damp, strip, press, at cut any tobacoo or officer before tobacco stalks, or to lay down any snuff work, or tobacco (talks liquor to to or l°bacco folk flour, give to the officer of excise, under wbefc bacco, etc. survey be, (he, or they shall then be, six ftpqrs notice in and to follow if his, her, or their premises, in which fuph tobacco or lofecw the directions stalks is or are intended to bo liquored, damped, dripped, prefab fpccl" or c4r» or wor^ or tobacco stalks is or are ia

9 .tended to be laid down, (ha! be situate within the limits of the

chief office of excise in London or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh; twelve hours notice in writing, if such premises shall be situate in arty city, or the suburbs thereof, or m any market town; and twenty-four hours notice in writing, if such premises (foil be situate so any other part of Gw* Btkw % «

his,

7$9jvi anriovicesimo nono Georgii III C 68.^

tsi

SER, or their intention to liquor, damp, drip, prefej 'or cut to^t'tobacco or tobacco stalks, or to lay down any draff work, .

C Jtfcbacco italics, and in each and every such notice shall Ipecify particular hour and time when he, They or they shall intend a'wsgin to liquor, damp, drip, press, or cut such tobacco or abctcco dalles, or to lay down any snuff work or tobacco (talks or tobacco dalk flour, and the weight of such tobacco and to

stalks respectively (& to be liquored, damped, tripped, pressed, or cut, and the several weights of the tobacco, qbacco stalks, and returns of tobacco, so intended to belaid in such friuff work, and also the weight of the tobacco Ifjjyjes so inrended to be laid down for tobacco (talk flour, and &£ number of the particular cask or casks, or the particular ttyt), in which the, same respectively are intended to be laid and such officer shall attend pursuant to such notice; ad all and every manufacturer and manufacturers giving any fa$h notice for liquoririg, damping, dripping, prcffrrlg, dr catting, tobacco or tobacco dalks, shall, immediately on such officer attendance, or within one hour after the time specififcd in fych notice, begin to weigh all such tobacco and tobacco stalks respectively, separate and apart from each other in the presence <^f'lbch officer, and shall also, without delay dr interruption proceed in and continue weighing the same, separate and apart trpih each other, in the presence of such officer, until all fiicb totoacco and tobacco dalks refpeduvely shall be several ly and separately weighed; and shall, immediately after the same respec ^vply shall have been weighed deliver to such officer a de claration in writing, ffcecify.ing how much of such tobacco, to..

dalks, and returns, respectively, so intended to be faa own Jn snuff work, 'is or are intended to be made into rappee fopff, how much thereof respectively into Scotch fnttff*. how much thereof respectively into brown Scotch snuff, 1 and how much of such tobacco dalks into tobacco (talk flour; and when am so soon as such fnhff work, dr tobacco dalks, as the case may be, shall be laid down in or put into calks, such tnanufac as also when _ turer or manufactures shall give to the officer of excise under the snuff whose survey he, (he or they shall then be, a notice in writing Hiiddown*of such snuff work, or tobacco Aalks, being so laid down in, or Calk, put ihto casks, as the case may be, specifying in such notice the the when, such snuff Work, or tobacco stalks for tobacdo stalk flour, as the case may be, was or were so laid'down, and such officerxshall attend pursuant to such notice; and such manufacturer or manufacturers shall, immediately on such officer's attend ance, in the presence of such officer, affix to each and every such calk a ticket; the number of stich cask, Yhe weight of the snuff" work or tobacco stalks fof tobacdo stalk Sour, as the case may be, therein, and the time when such snuff wjork or tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, 'was or were so said down; also whether such snuff work so intended to be manufactured into rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Scotch snuff; which ticket shall be signed as well by such mad

d d 4 -*nufadturec

in

and when any snuff work, etc. U intended to be taken out of the talk to be gropnc).

Snuff work ol one making not to be mixed with another making.

manufaflnr era beginning to liquor tobacco, etc. Without giv

anr\o yicrftnb nono gborouiil a€8«; r

Dpfaftprcror manufacturers, or his, her, or their fenraac, in thatj>«half, with his, her, or their naqpe or names, gv by fetch officer with his name and when any such manufacturer or manufacturers shall intend to take any friuff work or tobacco talks for tobacco (talk flour from or out of any such cades, for the purpose of grinding the. same, he, (he, or they shall give to the officer of exci/e under whose survey, he, (be, or they shall then be, dx hours noticein writing, if such snuff work, or tobacco stalks for tpbacco (talk flour, shall be laid down within the limits of the chief office of excise in Londan* or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh \ twelve hours notice in writing, if fetch snuff work, or tobacco (talks for tobacco (laik flour, (half be laid down in any city or the suburbs thereof, or in any market town; and twenty-four hours notice in writing, if such snuff work, or tobacco stalks for tobacco (talk flour, Audi: be laid down in any other part of Great Britain, of his, her or their intention foto do; and in such notice, (hallfyecify the particular c*(k or calks, and the number or numbers thereof respec* lively, from or out of which such snuff work, or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, is or are intended foto be taken, and hall alio specify in every such notice, whether such (hiaff work so intended to be taken from or opt of each such calk is by him, her, pr them iotended to be made into rappee snuff, Seettb snuff, or brown Seeieb snuff; and such officer (Tull attend, purr suant to every such notice.; and such mamifa&urtr or manufacturers shall immediately, .on such officer's attendance, weigh, in the presence of (belt officer, all such (huff .work, or tobacco stalks for tobacco ftalkflour, fpecifted in any such.notice; and if the snuff work, or tobacco stalks foe tobacco stalk flour, so taken out, shall be t'akkn from and out of any calk in which there shall be (huff work, or tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour remaining, such manufacturer or manufacturer* shall immediately slier such fauff .work or tobacco stalks for tobacco ftaik flopr shall be so, taken out, affix a ticket, signed by such mama? faflurer or manufaaugers, or his, her, or their fervaat, in that behalf, and by such officer, to every such cask, fpccitying.the weight of the snuff work, or tobacco stalks, as the case may require, so then taken from or out of the same, and the time when the same was Qr were so taken out, and such manufacturer or maqufatf urers shall cause all and every such tickets re fpe£tive|y to be kept and continued on each such cmfk to which the same (half be so affixed, during all the time that any snuff work pr tobaepo stalks for tobacco stalk flour shall remain therein; and no maruifa&urer or manufacturers of snuff shall mix, fningle, lay together, or put into the lame bin or caflt, any fpuff work or tobacco stalks for tobacco fialk flour o one making or laving dpwn with snuff work or tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour of any other making or laying down: and if any manufacturer or manufacturers of, (buff hal begin to hr quor, damp, strip, press, or. cut any tobacco or tobacoo stalks, or to lay down any. snuff work, or any Jobacco .stalks for in feacco flask flour, without giying such notice as is in that behalf

bereiq'i

k'jv > annovks^mo 'bono Gsoboii 111; tt. 69i s

n jtefiore'dhreaed to be given, or having given anyr.otfefclafc iqdov'rhg, damping, dripping, pressing or catting tobacco'or «** com (talks, and begun to weigh any such tobacco or tobaccoQL a shall neglect or refuse to proceed in or continue th; hiag loch tobacco or tobacco (talks in manner hereio be directed, or if any manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff, ng given any notice for laying down tobacco, tobacco (talks: of tobacco, in snuff work, or tobacco (talks for loro stalk flour, and begun to weigh such tobacco, tobacco*ts, or returns of tobacco, shall neglea or refuse to orocecd in; continue the weighingof such tobacco, tobacco (talks, and*irnstof tobacco, in manner heretn before in that behalf'di: cdy ot having weighed any such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or ftns of tobacco, according to the directions of this act, shall; 11& or refofe to deliver to the officer such declaration, fpeci ig how much of such tobacco, t tobacco (talks, and returns of n aooo respectively, (b intended to be laid down in snuff work or are intended to be made into rappee snuff, how much 1 Tcaf respectively into Scotch snuff, and how much thereof relatively into brown Scotch snuff, or a declaration fpecifyirtg: w much of such tobacco (talks are intended to be laid down*tobacco (talk.flour, according to the directions of this act hawing laicl down, or put into cask any snuff work or tobacco Iks for tobacco (talk floor, in manner herein before in that: half directed, shall neglect or refuse to give to the officer of rise, under whose survey he, (he, or they, shall then be, such rticeiti writing of such snuff work or tobacco (talks for tobacco ifk flour being so laid down or put into calk, in manner herein ifofc in that behalf directed, or having laid down or put into 1 ifld any such snuff work or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk our, and given such notice, shall neglect or refuse to affix to ly such cask, such ticket as is in that behalf heretn before di: to be affixed, or to sign the same with his, her, or their^ame or names, or shall lay down any snuff work, or tobacco alks for tobacco (talk flour, or shall take any snuff work, or to 1 acco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, from or out of any such ask, for the purpose of grinding, without giving such notice as > herein beforein such case directed to be given, or shall take, " or the purpose of grinding, any snuff work, or tobacco (talks or tobacco (talk flour, out of cask, not in the presence of the } jffioer under whose survey he, (he, or they (hah then be, or hall neglefi or refuse to weigh, in the presence of such officer, 1 iny such (huff work, or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour taken out of ca(k, pursuant to any notice given for taking snuff worfcy or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, out of calk, or^shall neglect or refuse to affix to any such ca(k, from or out of which aoy snuff work or tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour shall have been so taken, such ticket as isin that behalf herein before directed to be affixed, or to flgn any such ticket as aforesaid, or shall negleri or refuse to cause any such ticket,by this adk. flireded to be affixed as aforesaid, to be kept and continued on

4''.-'any -:

76$

notice, to forfeit

76$'

Anno vitesimo nono georgii III C 6?. [17s9.'

Mantifaftur*

any such cask to which the same shall be affixed, during all the time that any snuff work or tobacco ftaiks for tobacco talk flour shall remain thereto, or shall lay together, put into the same bm or calk, or mix or mingle any snuff work, or tobacco ftaiks for tobacco (talk flour of one making or laying down with (huff work or tobacco ftaiks for tobacco stalk flour of any other making or laying down, all and every such manufacturer or manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every (rich offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

lxxxvilf. Provided always nevertheless, That so mano tonxnvtfor ^a*ur5r or'manufacturers'of'fnuff shall incur or be liable to not manu the said penalty of fifty pounds for or by reason of his, her, or fechnring their not manufacturing any snuff work into rappee snuff, Scshb snuff work, snuff, or brown Scotch snuff, according to his, her, or the'ur depuration cfarat*t>n given in that behalf, in case such (huff work shall, it fealtappear upon furtha examination, after ihe delivery of such deefaratbo, afterwards appear to be Unfit to be so Manufactured according to such de unfitfor the cfaration: and noticie thereof in writing, specifying the weight purpofic, ctc, 0p fouff "wor|^ shall tre

given by such manufacturer or manufacturers to the officer of excise under whose surveyfce, she, or they shall then be, within forty-eight hours next acto the delivery of such declaration, and in case such manufacturer or manufacturers shall also within that time ip like manner deliver to. such officer a fresh declaration in refjpecl'thereof, specifying ipto which of (he forts of snuff next herein before mentioned the same is to be manufactured, and shall also proceed Withotit deliy 'or interruption to manufacture the same, aid

fihifti thetnanufacturingrtiereds, 1 according to suchjaft meutiooed declaration j anything herem before contained to therontnrj thereof in any wise not with (landing.

Snuff work, 'LXXXIX'be it furrhet enacted. That all and every s^fetobe anc manufacturers of (huff ihali with all duedib

mamifactured rpnc* Manufacture all snuff work, and tobacco ftaiks for tobacco according to (talk flout, 'respectively, which shall at any time be taken out ef wotice, and any such calk, into rappee snuff, Scttcb snuff, or brqwn wben fimshed (huff, pr tobacco (talk flourj as the case may require, according facturer to tb the notice herein before in that behalf directed j and when deliver to the any pvanufacltfrer or manufacturers of snuff shall have finiffied excise officer the manufacturing; of any snuff work into Cpuff, such roanu a declaration fafyureir or manufacuirei s shall, when and so soon as any farsi Mall be completely made, deliver or cause to be delivered etc.on penalty tjo the officer of excise under whose survey he, (he, or they ftuli of job then be, a declaration In writing, specifying the Weight ol each of the said respective sorts of snuff made from such snuff work, and the weight of the tobacco stalk flour, if any, manufactured into the same respectively, and such manufaaurct or spans facturers shall keep such respective sorts of snuff separate and apa^ from each other, and separate and apart from all other snuff, ad from all tobacco stalk flour, for and during the space of twentj four hours from the time when such making shall be fini(hed, «until the officer of excise under whose futvey such manufacturer

or

by.

Aqnp vicqsimo nono Georgii UK C 69. 757

nufacturers shall then be shall have taken an account of and if any manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff ncgwt or refuse to manufacture into rafjpee fuuff, Stotcb, or brown Smith snuff, with all due diligence, according to otic herein before in that behalf directed, any such (nuff, X my time taken out of any such calk, or if any such jfa&urer or manufacturers shall ncgle# or .refuse to deliver \ufc to be delivered to the officer of excise under whose: he, (he, or they shall then be, 'when and so fooil as such ufru&urer or manufacturers shall have fini(h«d the roanu ring of any snuff work into snuff, a declaration in writing,

^fyteg the weight of each df the said respective sorts of snuff C from such snuff work, and the weight of the tobacco (talk r, f any, manufactured into the same respectively, or shall edor refuse to keep such respective sorts, of snuff .separate apaft from each other, and separate and apart from all other f^nd tobacco stalk flour respectively, according to the di*icn %ef this act, every such manufacturer or manufacturer

sending shall for each and every such offence forfeit the i of fifty pounds. '

ici Provided always, and be it further enacted, That mamifaftor hing herein befdre contained shall extend, or be deemed or r not/tia^l tftf eed to extend, to make any manufacturer or manufacturers notdeiivering rnxiff liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds, for or by reason the last men? hi, her, or their not delivering, or caufine or procuring to tinned dc*such last mentiooeddedaration, ror or in sefpcct of y returned directly from the mill, where the same rctnmed di

till hive been ground and deposited in such room a9 is in that redly from; tiatfherrin after allowed, provided such manufacturer pr ma the mill, if fa&ortfs shah, previous to and immediately on his, her, or jhe?^liver*eir taking such Sntch snuff from or out of such room, deliver, ^cn caqfe to be delivered, to the officer of excise under whose fur same is taken y hebe; or they shall then be, a declaration in writing, fpe from the yifig the weight of such Sxotch (huff, and of the tobacco, to rsomt^ci^ icco (talks, and returns of tobacco, respechvely manufactured jcpofiudu* to the same, and the time when the same were laid down in uff work; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary tereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XGL Provided always nevertheless. That it shall and may be manufa&or wfut'to and for all and every manufacturer and manufacturers era may keep f snuff, at his, her, and their own expense, to provide a proper, onvenient, arid Uccurc room for the purpose of keeping dried Scotch snuff, Mth Gross therein, with good and sufficient fastenings, such under the te oom and fastenings to be approved of in writing, by and under fjri&ioos he hands of the respective surveyors and supervisors of excise of mca* he dlvifion or district in which such room shall be (ituate; and

10 fifth room shall have more than one door or entrance into he same, nor shall there be any communication whatsoever, ave and except one door, between such room and any other oom or place whatsoever; and such room shall be locked up,

Med, and ftcurcd by the officer or officers of excise under

whose

and may deposit therein fof ( months, Sootch fnoff dtretfljr from the min.

Begofattons sat cemovine Scotch (huff faomftore AS.

jol penalty for npt keep log in (lore rooms Scotch feu if of one making apart from every

other make

Store rooms sotto he opened except in the pretence of the cxcifc

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68.

whose survey such manufacturer or manufacturer (hawiroo time to time be. at alt times when any Scotch firnff*staff k therein: and if fiah manufacturer or manufadtirevs (ha)finreff) to have the Scotch snuff ground from his, her, or their fors work returned directly from the milt where the same shall be ground, and depotited in such room for any space of time not exceeding six monrrha, he, (he, or they shall be ar libertyfo to do, on giving tbthe officer of excise under whose survey be, (be, or they shall then be, six hours notice in writing, if such room shall he situate within tlte limits of the chief office of exrifc in London, or vrithin the limits of the city of Edinburgh twehe hours notice in writing, if fitch rbom shall be filtrate many city, or the suburbs thereof, 'or in any market town; and twenty4cw hours notice in writing, if such room shall be fitoate in vjj other part of Great Britain of such his, her, or their rntemwn; and such officer shall attend pursuant to such notice, «mmm open such room, and such scotch(hoff shall then be tntmediatdy put into such room in the pretence of fetch officer, and fed remain therein for any pace of time not exceeding six month, without ftfch Scotch snuff being deemed or taken as a port of his, her, or, thfcir frock of Stottb snuff, so as to deprive hrni; b«r, ar them of any jpztx of the credit by this act allowed to him, her, or tltam, fonor in refpalt of Scotch fnoff, tnythitelh this act contained to the tomriry thereof in ariywhe norwnhfiandkg: and when any fur h manufadhireror manufactures (hatt intend to take any Scotch snuff tom or outof such roomhe, see, or they (hai in like manner give to tke oftoev oftxeifewnfe whose fumy he, (he, or they shaw then be, six hours notfct a writing, if such room shall be ficuate within the desks of k chief office of excise in Londok, - or within the Sroits of Ibedy of Edinburgh; twelve hours norite in writing; if feieh aom id be situate rn any city or the suburbs thereof, or iawy waste town; and twenty-four boors notice in writing, if fetch am shall be situate in any other part of Great Britain % of foeh hk, her, or their intention; and such officer shall attend parfetat* such notice, and shall open such room, and fetch Scotch bof shall then be immediately taken from and out of suck roam the presence of such officer, and ail and every such mannfafeum and manufacturers ftiah keep ail Scotch snuff, of one udix, feparaie and apart from all Scotch snuff of any other miktot*such room; and if any such manufacturer or manufeclongrsuuf negk^t or refuse to keep any Scotch snuff of ooc making 4eptn* and apart from all Scotch snuff of any other making far room, all and every such manufacturer or mamifa&urets fast sending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fitntf fifty pounds. o

XCII And be it further enacted, That if any mawofedm or manufacturers of snuff shall, by any meant; artvdtvfrt, «contrivance whatsoever, open any room so provided end improved as aforesaid, except in the pretence ofohepltoptvolta of excise whose bufinefe it may be to ateodin wfefer^o^pmfet

1

1'apno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. 7^59

> such case such manufacturer pr manufacturers officer, on

fqr?*pgb pd every such offence forfeit the sum of two**"*1*?of ir^d pounds.,

Cfcll.afld be it further enacted, That no person or persons No person to iftnper shall mix, or caufo or procore to be mixed, any cl^ycuowiebony, togchwopd, logwood, red or Guinea wood, snuff work, i left to o Jamaica wood, Nicaragua wood, Saunders wood, or etc.

o.tfr*r sort of wood, or any walnut tree leaves, hqp leaves, ovpe leaves, or any other, leaves, herbs, or plants (other i tobacco), or any earth, clay, or tobacco sand, with any 3f wrprk or (huff, or shall make or colour, pr cause or procure e made or coloured, any fouff work or snuff with aoy sort or any other kind of colouring (Water tinged'tvcolour only excepted); nor shall any manufacturer or of, or dealer or dealers in snuff, fell, vend, titter, for expose to sale, or have in his, her, or their premises ered/or m^nufatfluring or keeping tobacco or snuff, any fu k^jycuow ebony, touchwood, logwpod, red or Guinea, wood, aftfotfa pc Jamaica wood, Nicaragua wood, or Saunderi wood, aoy vvainut, tree.leaves, hop leaves, or sycamore ieaves; nor dlmy Person or persons whatsoever have in his, her, or their iipdy or ppfleflion any fustick, yellow ebony, touchwood, rd or Guinea wood, braziletto or Jamaica wood,

44f&gv#ywod, Saunders wopd, or other wood, or walnut tree h^p^lcave^ sycamore (eaves, or other leaves, herbs, iuk|s, ^a^h9^1ay, or tobacco sand, mixed with any snuff work fiua& or ny fojuff work or fquff made pr coloured with an rt of cpu timber, or any oilier kind of colourings except as [>reliud». supd if any person pr persons whatsoever shall mix, or Persons muc oforffc prpsgre to be mixed, any fustick, yellow ebony, touch"*fuf*£k» ood, fogwpod, red or Guiuea wood, braziletto or Jamaica wood, wor)for f°uff Ticaragm wood, Saunders wood, or any other sort of wood or snuff, or y walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or any other colouring it aves Jhwrbs, pr plants (other than tobacco), or any earth, clay, kc r tobacco find, .with any (huff work or fmxff, or mail make or to forfc4t iiour, or cause or procure to be made or coloured, any snuff ork or snuff, with any sort of oaker, umber, or any other kind ( pofouring (.water tinged with colour only excepted), the per

non persons so offending shall for each and every such offence manufa&ar werally forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; or if any xna or dcajer# lufactnrer or .manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in snuff, jn^n entered hall soil, vend, utter, offer, or expose to sale, or have in his, premises, Airier or, tbcir premises entered for manufacturing or keeping to tick, etc. and: >accq or snuff, any fustick, yellow ebony, touchwood, logwood, any persons ed or Guinea wood, braziletto or Jamaica wood, Nicaragua possess wood, pr Saunders wood, or any walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, f10n fuftick^ pt sycamore leaves 5 or if any person or persons jafoatsoever shall etc. mixed have in lumber, or their custody or possessiop, any fustick, with snuff yellow ebony, touchwood, logwood, red or Guinea wood, brazi ^.fouff fnu* Unsk Of. Jamaka wqod> Nicaragua: wood, Saunders wood, or coloured with other wood, or walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves oaker, etc. tp

or forfeit jolt

7$0 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii 111, C 68.

or other leaves, herbs, plants, earth, day, or tobacco had, mixed with any fhuff work or snuff, or any (brt of (huff mait or coloured with any sort of oaker, umber, or any other kind CI*colouring (except as afofefaid), such person or periods, manufacturer

or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers so offend?, shall for each and every such offence several ly forfeit the futnof Such fu slick, fifty pounds; and all such fustick, yellow ebony, touchwood, etc. may be logwood, red or Gained wood, brasjiietto or Jamaica wood, a7 faxed. taragua wood, Saunders wood, or other wood, walnut tree leaves, hop leaves, sycamore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, plants, earth, clay, and tobacco fancf, so mixed with (huff work or ftwf, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, and the faeff wherewith (he same shall be so irrixed, and all (buff work and snuff respectively which shall be made or coloured contrary te .the true intent and meaning hereof; and also all fustick, yelk ebony, touchwood, logwood, red or Guinea wood, brazucttoar Jamaica wood, Nicaragua wood, or Saunders wood, walnut tree, leaves, hop leaves, and sycamore leaves, which shall be fem, vended, uttered, offered, or exposed to sale, by, dr be in the catered premises or in the possession of, any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in snuff, contrary to the mx intent and meaning hereof shall be forfeited, and shall and am be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or exciie.

An account XCIV And be it further enabled, That when any mam the weigktsof aller or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobaccofhari Spanifhmixed mix any Spanish with short cut tobacco, such manufacturer or with ihortcut manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall, every day, enter ires tobacco, and a book, or on a paper into or on which he, fne, or they is or ftal^flbur* are herein after directed to enter an account of the auantitieso? .mixed with the unmanufactured tobacco by him, her, or them sold, fetuotf,

'ftoff, etc. on or consumed, in quantities of two pounds weight, or opwarik penalty of job the gross weights of the Spanish and short cut tobacco so naiari and the time when the same were so mixed: and when any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, fiwi, shall mix any tobacco (talk flour with British snuff or forage snuff, or any British rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Sak> snuff, the one with any other of them, or with any kind«foreign snuff, such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer <* dealers, shall, every day, enter into a book, or on a paper, ima

# or on which he, me, or they is or are herein after directed »

enter an account of the quantities of snuff by him, her, oyes sold, sent oat or consumed, in quantities of two pounds wcigfr or upwards, the gross weight of the tobacco (talk flour, aerf the several kinds and gross weights of British (huff and forer snuff so mixed, and the time when fbch tobacco stalk flam, British snuff, or foreign snuff, or either of them, were so ofixtc and if any manufacturer OT manufacturers of, or dealer vw deab era in, tobacco, 'having mixed any Spanish with (hart cut tabscer* shall neglect or refuse to enter into such book, or on such papa, in manner herein before irl that behalf directed, thegrofsweight! of the Spanish and short Cut tobacco so mixed, andtbe time wbeft

&

1789.] Anno'vicefeno n&io Georgii III C 168. 761

the same recpe&ively were so mixed; or if any manufacturer or m&nufadhxrers of, or dealer or dealers in, snuff, having mixed any tobacco (talk flour with British snuff or foreign snuff, or any Briixfl) rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Scotch snuff, the one with any other of "them, or with any kind of foreign snuff, shall neglect or refuse to enter into such book, or on such paper. In manner herein before in that behalf directed, the gross weight of the tobacco (talk flour, and the several kinds and gross weights of the Bnitijh snuff and foreign snuff refpddlively so mixed, and the time when fuefh tobacco stalk flour, British snuff and foreigh snuff, or either of them, were so mixed, all and every such manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in,

tobacco or snuff so offending, shall, for each, and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XCV And be it further enacted, That if any manufacturer Fresh notice or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, who is or are directed to* by this act to give any notice in writing, shall not begin to do or matter fpcci perform the matter or thing fpccifiedin such notice, at the time fiedinthefirk fpeeified m fbeh notice, or within one hour next after the time notice is not (pecified in such notice, the same shall be void and of no efsect, and Rich manufacturer or ntanbfadturers, and dealer or dealer, refpcaively, shall be liable to ive a new and fresh notice in pointed, writing of the same, as if no notice had been before given.

XCVI And be it further enacted, That when any officer or Persons tax officers of excise shall discover that the manufadturingof tobacco.nujaattringr* w snuff is carried oh in any house, warehouse, workhouse, room, seliar, vauh, or place, whereof no entry has been made at the entered placet office of excise as by this act is directed, and shall at the same to forfeit ime discover in such house, warehouse, workhouse, room, cel ar, vault, or place, where such private manufacturing of tobacco yr (huff shall be so discovered, any person or persons knowingly 1 (lifting or in any ways concerned in carrying on such private' namrfaaurtng of tobacco or snuff, every such person or persons b discovered shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds, over and ibove ail penalties and forfeitures that the proprietor or prpprf xots of such tobacco or snuff shall be liable to; and it flhah be Excise ofi awfttl for the officer and officers of excise, and all other person ^r8foch idling in their aid, to' stop, afreft, and detain all and every the so*, before a >erfim and persons so discovered in such house, warehouse, magistrate, votkhouse, room, celiar, vault, or place, and convey him, her,

r them before open or more justice or justices. of the peace for'he county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein >

tick person or persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it hall be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace respectively,

n confession of the party, or on proof, by the oath of one or*nore credible whnefs or witnesses, to convict the person and ierfons so discovered as aforesaid; and each of the person or rerfons so convicted shall immediately on such conviction pay he ftid fom of thirty pound into the hands of the officer who wh^have conveyed such person or persons before such justice or jflkrs of tbr peace, to be applied in manner herein after dr' r - $

t6z

who may commit them if the penalty be not paid.

Any person so offending a second time to forfeit 6ol.

Extffe officer, between 5 in the morning and XI in the evening, without a constable, and between XI in the evening and 5 in the morning, with a constable, may enter the housea of manufacturers of tobacco and snuff, and dealers thereto, and take stock.

In taking stock the manufacturer to be allowed the following credits. Credits.

Anno Vicesimo nolo gsoroli III C 68. [i

reded i and on any such person refufiogor neglecting to pay the said sum of thirty pounds, the justice or justices so convictingis aforesaid shall, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand gnd seal, or bands and seats, commit him or her to the hoofc 0? corrediqn for the said count; , riding, division, city, or 1'fhmr, respectively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, to he reckoned from the day of such coo vidion; and np person so committed shall be discharged until he or she shall have paid the said sum of thirty pounds, or m 1 the expiration of the said six months; and in care any person to convicted shall be again difcpvered in any house, srarehoasc, workhouse, room, celiar, vault, or place where the cnanufadw ing of tobacco or snuff shall be so priyately carried on, affi&ng or any ways concerned in carrying on such private manufadotc of tobacco or Tnuff, the person (b again offending shall, upon the like conviction, forfeit and pay for such second offence the sum of sixty pounds, and in default thereof shall be cotninrad to the house of correction, in manner aforesaid, thereto remun for and during the term of one year, or until the irnid sum or sixty pounds shall be paid.

XCVII And be it further enacted, That it ftull and out be lawful to and for the officers of excise, or any or either d them, from time to time, and at all times, between the boon of five in the morning and eleven in the evening, either with CC without a constable, or other officer of the peace, or between for hours of eleven in the evening, and five in die morning, with 1 constable or other officer of the peace, to enter into all and even the houses, warehouses, workhouses, (bops, rooms, cefisn, vaults, and other places belonging to or made ufc of by in manufacturer or manufacturers of or dealer or dealers in tubxc? or snuff, and to take an account of the quantity and quality fall the tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks fortobies stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, reflectively, which shall at any time be in his, her, or their custory or possession.

XCVIII And be it further enacted, That iti taking an sc count of the stock of all and every manufacturer and manufic turers of tobacco and snuff, all and every such manufacturer me manufacturers shall have a credit according to the fbllovk: proportions; (that is to fey),

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco, which n manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco shall tnaoufadtat so (hort cut tobacco, such manufacturer or manufacturers A have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred pounds-wcie£ of (hort cut tobacco, tobacco stalks, and realms .of tpbocooqwe foin proportion for any greater or less quantity of fetch sobtea so manufactured:

For every one hundredpou^wafob^of tobaceorwbfoh w such manufacturer or mapufadurersjm^lnao*6i£fer«t farfor tobacco, be, (lie, or they; (frail proper jsedit^nomersid

1789.] Anno vicefimb nbno gfiorgil HI. C 58. 763

infa^ihd^cd and five pdumlt weight of fhsg tobacco, to baceo (talks, aw<! returns of tobacco; and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity of such tobacco so manufactured :

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco anti tobacco (talks, which fofch manufacturer or manufacturers shah manufacture for roll tobacco, he, (he, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and fifteen pounds weight of'roll tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of tobacco; and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity of such tobacco and tobacco (talks so manufactured:

For every one hundred pdondr weight of tobacco and tobacco (talks, which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture for carrot tobacco, he, (he, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty pounds weight 'of carrots, tobacco (talka, and returns <rf tobacco; and foin proportion' for any greater or left quantity of such tobacco and tobacco (talks so manufactured :

-'fbre^ety one hundred pounds weight of tobacco (talks which manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture for Spanijhi he, (he, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceed ingiome hundred pounds weight of spanl/b, and returns 5 and so in'proportion for any greater or less quantity of such tobacco ibdks so manufactured*-

evefy one hundred pounds weight of tobacco which such*or manufacturers of snuff shall manufacture for rappee fotrff, she, (he, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and fifteen pounds weight of rappee fnuflf;

Mid so m proportion for any greater or left quantify of uchto feacdo so manufactured s

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco and tobacco (tote, such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture iar Scotch snuff, he, (he, or they shall have a proper credit, notexcecding eighty five pounds weight of Scotch fnoff; and lb in proportion for any greater or less quantity of futh tobacco and tobacco (talks so manufactured:

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco andtobacco (hhu, which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture for brown 8cotcb snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty (founds weight of brown Scotch fnuflf, and foin proportion for any greater or left quantity of tobacco and tobacco (talks so manufactured :

'so*1 every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco (talks,

wmth filctr manufacturer or manufacturers (hill manufacture sir tobacco (talk flour, hebe, or they shall have a proper cre diyyndt exceeding ninety pounds Weight of tobacco (talk flour;

and(bin proportion for any greater or less quantity of tobacco flaifc* so ittanufaaored.

'add'ihrcafeany officer of officers bf Recife shall at any tftne dif Any excess in cbver1 or find in the flock Of any manufacturer or marrufa&urers to be

of eobacoo or foufpamy quantity of ftjott cut tobacco, fliag to deemed a Vot. XXXVI Etc bacco, quantity

764

brought in without permit,

If scale and weights are not kept for the use of the excise officer, or if they are not permitted to weigh tobacco, etc. the manufacturer or dealer to forfeit loot, and tool, if the feales or weights be false, etc.

Manufacturers and dealers toaffid the officers in taking accounts, on penalty of jol.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 63. [1785.

bacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Spanish, British rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, brown Scotch snuff, tobacco (talk flour, or reiurnsof tobacco, greater than the credit herein before in that behalf allowed to such manufacturer or manufacturers, such Short cut tobacco, lhag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Spwfa British rappee fnuts, Scotch snuff, brown Scotch snuff, tobacco stalk flour, and returns, respectively, so found in excess, shall be deemed and taken to be brought into the house, warehouk, workhouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place made ue of by such manufacturer or manufacturers without giving notice thereof to the officer of excise under whose survey such manufacturer or manufacturers shall be, and without an authentid permit granted and given, according to the directions of this act

XCIX And be it further enacted, That all and every manufacturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in tobacca or snuff shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just feales and weights, .at the place or places where he, (he, or they shall and do keep, manufacture, or deal in respectively any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (bit flour, or snuff, and also permit and suffer any officer or officer of excise to use the same for the purpolc of weighing and take; an account of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamjh, tobacco (bib for tobacco folk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and fnu£ respectively, which shall at any time be in the poitession of, feet manufacturer and manufacturers and dealer and dealers respectively: and if any such manufacturer or manufacturers, or deal: or dealers, shall neglect to give such feales and weights, or dtbc of them, or shall not permit or suffer any officer or officers«excise to use the same, he, (he, or they shall, for each and evert such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and if aor such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, fed in the weighing of any such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamjh, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco sell flour, or snuff, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to b made use of, any false, unjuff, or inefficient feales or weighs or shall practice any art, device or contrivance by which 2* such officer or officers may be hindered or prevented from takir the Jutland true weight of any such tobacco, tobacco ihiu Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, r bacco (talk flour, or snuff, then, and in every such case, sea manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall, t each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hun&si pounds, together with all such false, unjuff, or infuffidcac sob and weights respectively, and the same shall and may ie feiid by any officer or officers of excise.

C And be it further enacted, That all and every manufachrr and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in tobacco or fed shall, when and so often as he, ihe, or they shall be thereof required by the officer or officers of excise. under whose fiirra he, (he, or they shall then be, and without a sufficient number

7s9o Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. 765

T his, her, or their servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of his,

er, or their power, such officer or officers in taking an account

1* all tobacco, tobacco stalks, spdrii/b> tobacco stalks for tobacco

alk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff respec

vely, of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or deal

rs, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or refusal thereof,

le sum of fifty pounds.

CL Provided always, and be it enaested, That it shall not be Officers notto iwful for any officer or officers of excise to weigh any tobacco, weigh^tobac abacco stalks, or fnulf work, whilst actually in the operation of oration", ex nanufacture, save and except such snuff work as any manufac Cept fnuff' jrer or manufacturers of snuff shall intend to send out or receive work font out y permit, ; anything herein before contained to the contrary °rreceived by n any wise notwithstanding. permi.

CII And be it further enacted, That all and every manu unmanufac acturer and manufacturers of tobacco shall from time to time, jo^tobacco" nd at all times, keep all unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco in jn operation, he state of operation, and manufactured tobacco, in his, her, and manufac r their custody or possession, separate and apart from each other, tured tobacco jpon pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, the sum of fifty to b kept

)ounds. penalty of col.

CIII And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to officer, to be and for all officers of excise, and all such officers are hereby au permitted to horifed and empowered to take, at any time or times, a sample take sample

Dr samples of tobacco, tobacco stalks spanish, tobacco stalks for °* tobacco, tobacco stalk flour, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, from or out of the jam^on** any tobacco, tubacco stalks, spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco penalty o'f stalk flour, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, in the custody or pof iool. for re session of any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in tobacco or snuff, paying for the same fif demanded) the value or usual price thereof; and in case any such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to take such sample or samples as aforesaid, upon his or their so paying for the same (if demanded), or shall any wise obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such sample or samples, such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, so offending, shall for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

CIV And be it further enacted, That all and every manu manufatur facturcr and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in to kee^" bacco, shall from time to time keep an account of all tobacco accounts and tobacco stalks, which he, (he, or they respectivety shall from tobacco, etc. time to time fell, send out, or consume, according to the de andsnuffs, in nominations thereof herein after specified; (that is to say) unh*janjlcr manufactured tobacco, tobacco stalks, (hort cut tobacco, (hag fcribedtn" tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, spanish, and returns of books or pa tobacco, and shall every day enter into a book, or on a paper, pers, which to be kept for that purpose, an account of the quantities of the unmanufaflfured tobacco, tobacco stalks, (hort cut tobacco, (hag cxcifc office tobacco, roll tobacco, cafror tobacco, Spunifb, and returns of tobacco, which shall hare been by him, her, or them sold, fente

C e 2 out,

766 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. [17$$.

out, or contained in the preceding day, in quantities erf four pounds weight or upwards; and all and every dealer and dealers in tobacco shall also every day enter into aneffher book, or on another paper, to be kept for that purpose, by him, her, or them, an account of the quantities of the short cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, Sptmijb^ and returns of tobacco, under the weight of four pounds, which shall have been by him, her, or them sold. Tent out, or contained in the preceding day, in quantities under four pounds weight: and that all and every manufacturer and manufacturers of, and dealer and dealers in snuff, shall also, from time to time, keep an account of all tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, which he, (he, or they respectively shall from time to time fell, (end out, or consume, according to the denominations thereof herein after mentioned; (that is to say) unmanufactured tobacco, uamanufactured tobacco (talks, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk floor, snuff wott for rappee (huff, snuff work for Scotch (huff, snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, British rappee snuff, Scotch (huff, brown Scofth snuff, tobacco (talk flour, and foreign snuff; and ttar every day enter into a book, or oh a paper, to be kept by him, her, or them, an account of the quantities of the unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, toblrcco (talks for tobacco flail flour, (huff work for rappee snuff, snuff work for scouh fiaeff, snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, British jrappee (buff. Sestet snuff, brown Scotch snuff, tobacco (talk flour, and foreign (huff, which shall have been by him, her, or them sold, lent out, or con fumed in the preceding day, m quantities of two pounds weight or upwards*and all and every dealer and dealers io (buff shall also every day enter into another book, or on another paper, to be kept for that purpose by him, her, or them, an account of the quantities of the British rappee snuff, Scotch fiufl; brown Scotch snuff, and foreign snuff, which shall have been by him, her, or them sold, sent out, or contained, in the preceding day, in quantities under two pounds weight: which find books or papers reflectively shall be prepared for the making tad entries respectively as aforesaid, and delivered upon demand turn all such manufacturers and dealers respectively by the Cud re spective commissioners of excise, or such person or perfocs*they the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of taea respectively, for the time being, shall for that purpose direct ad appoint.

Nomanofac CV Provided always. That no such manufacturer or mane terer or dealer fa&urters of, or dealer or dealers in tobacco or (huff, shall ban thaifcm^such n her, or ^eir cu°ay or possession more than bbe fedt book or paper hook or paper of each fort at a time; and the said books at at the same papers shall, in case the entered premises of fetch manfefa&urc: time, which Qr manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, 16 whom the same tas turned tode* delivered, shall be fixate within the limits of the chief oftr officer ac of excise in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinhtrg< herein director in any city or the suburbs thereof, or in any market town.

1789.j Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68* 767

be several lv returned at the end of every six weeks; and in case ed.aml vcm the entered premises of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or fied 00 tb dealer or dealers, shall be situate in any other part of Great Britain, be several ly returned at the end of every six months, or when the same respectively shall be filled up, which shall first happen, to the proper officers of excise in that behalf for the time beings and the truth of the entries made therein shall then be verified upon the oath of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, or his, her, or their servant or fervantt, who kept the same, and made the entries therein, according to the bed of his, her, or their knowledge and belief; and when and so foonas any such book or books, paper or papers, shall bo filled up, or sooner if the proper officer of excise ip that behalf shall demand the same, such book or books, or paper or papers respectively shall be returned to the proper officer of excise in that behalf for the time being, and the truth of the entries made therein shall then be verified upon the oath in manner aforesaid (which oaths such respective officers are hereby authorised to administer), and one or more new book or books, or paper or papers, shall be delivered to such respective manufacturers and dealers upon any such book or books, or paper or papers being so filled up or returned, in the room of such book or books, air paper or papers, so filled up, or returned, and so wits quotiest as often as such book or books, or paper pr papers, shall be so filled up or returned; which said books or papers respectively so kept Such books or by such respective manufacturers and dealers, shall from time to {j^rfo°thc time lie open for4he perusal and infpcction of the officer and in^e&ion of officers of excise under whose survey such respective manufac the officer, turers and dealers shall then be; and that all and every such and to be filled manufacturer and manufacturers, and dealer and dealers, respec* hl8 rc "tively, shall, immediately upon every request of the officer or^officers of excise under whose survey such respective manufacturers and dealers shall then be, fill up. such book and books, and paper and papers, respectively, with the quantities by them (old, sent our, and consumed in each day, and up to the time of such request being so made: and.if any such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall neglect or refuse to keep any such book or books, ot paper or papers, respectively, or to mal; e such entries therein, or to permit the officer or officers of excise, under whose survey such respective manufacturers and dealers shall be, tp peruse or inspect the same, or any or either of them, or not return such book or books, or paper or papers, or any or either of them, or not fill up such book pr books, or paper or papers, or any or either of theip, on request as aforesaid, according to the directions of this act, or shall make for nedect in aay false entry therein, he, (he, or Jbey shall, for each and every keeping such such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. books, etc.

CVI And be it further enacted, That if any officer or offi Any unfair cere of excise shall difpover or find any increase not legally ac txcefs in frock counted for in the stock or (locks of the unmanufactured to rifo"

t>acco, tobacco (talks, (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll to ao]a by thee

e e 3 bacco.

j68 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii ill C 68. [i7?9. I r

manufedtorer bacco, carrot tobacco, Spanish, returns of tobacco tobacco stalks I or dealer. for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work For rappee snuff, Chaff work 1 { for Scotch snuff, snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, tobacco stalk 1 flour, British rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, brown Scotch (miff, or ] foreign snuff of any manufadhirer or manufacturers of, or drakr or dealers in tobacco or snuff, over and above the quantity of each respeclive sort or denomination which the officer of taafe found in such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers custody at the time of the last preceding survey upon tech manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, fcich increase shall be deemed and taken to be made by a commodity for which no duty has been paid, and which had been pnvatdy brought in by such manufacturer or manufacturers or dcater or dealers, without permit, and so much of the said respective flock or flocks as shall be found increased shall be forfeited; and a quantity, equal to the increased quantity, shall and may be seized and taken by any officer or officers of excise, from or oat of any part of the unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, flhort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, feoff work for rappee snuff, snuff work for Scotch snuff, snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, tobacco stalk flour, British rappee snuff( ( snuff, brown Scotch snuff, or foreign snuff, as the case may I require, then in the custody or possession of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, in whose flock or flocks such increase shall be discovered or found; and such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, in whose flock lack increase shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit the sum of twenty pounds. J

CVII Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Scotch snuff. That where any Scotch snuff shall, from the moisture of tbeiir, in the custody have ga|ned and acquired, in the custody and poflefiion of the urtr^orof manufacturer or manufacturers thereof, any increase of weight, dealers, not not exceeding the rate of five pounds weight in the hundred, having gained over and above the credit herein before allowed to such maxm thaq fadturer or manufacturers for or in respect of such Scotch snuff, iooib1 by^he Scotch snuff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair com vnoiflure of modify, and such manufacturer or mahufadturers shall be allow the air, to be ed credit for the same in flock, and also to remove the same by deemed a fair permit, notwithstanding such increase of weight; and also, where, co mmodity, any snuff shall, from the moisture of the air, have gained j and acquired, in the custody or possession of the dealer or dealers in snuff, who first purchased and received the same by permit from the manufacturer thereof, any increase of weight nor exceeding the rate of five pounds weight in the hundred, over and above the weight specififtd in such permit, such Scotch (huff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair commodity, and such dealer or dealers shall be allowed credit for the same in flock, and also to remove the same by permit, notwithstanding such increase of weight; anything in this act contained to the costi ary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CVUI. M

L ?le

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono gedroii III C 68. 769

C VIII Andy to prevent any suck allowance from being made, over nd above what is granted by thi$ provifiy be it further enacted,

That all and every such manufacturer and manufacturers, and which snuff it dealer and dealers, shall keep all such Scotch snuff, on which any J*c^jom

such allowance shall be made, separate and apart from all other aifothersnuff, snuff in his, her, or their custody or poffeflton, and shall from time and Shown toto time shew the same to the officer of excise under whose survey the officer.etc. he, (he, or they shall be, upon demand, and declare at what time on Penalty of or times any such allowance shall have been made to him, her, or10*them, in respect of such snuff, and the amount of such allowance, on pain of forfeiting the sum of twenty pounds for every neglect dr refusal thereof.

C1X. And be it further enacted, That if any manufacturer or manufa&ur manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall remove, or cause to be ere removing removed, any tobacco or snuff from or out of his, her, or their fnuffbdbre entered warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or weighing, or other place, before the same has been weighed and taken an ac concealing it, count of by the officer or officers of excise undet whose survey to forfeit 501. he, (he, or they shall be, according to the directions of this act, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed any tobacco or snuff from rhe sight and view of such officer or officers, such manufacturer or manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every fuclroffence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CX And be it further enacted, That no tobacco (not being No tobacco, returns of tobacco) of four pounds weight or upwards, nor any ctc/ the. snuff of two pounds weight or upwards, nor any tobacco (talks, the

Spanijby returns of tobacco, tobaccoitalks for tobacco (talk flour, removed from snuff work, or tobacco (talk flour, exceeding the quantity of two one part to hundred pounds weight, shall be removed or carried from any another part one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, by land or Some whhout by water, without being accompanied with a proper permit from a % rmit, on fomc or one of the officers of excise, granted according to the penalty of for. directions of this aq, on pain of forfeiting the tobacco, tobacco feiture,tc, fvalks, Spanijby returns of tobacco, tobaccoftalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff rtespectively, which shall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried from any one part of thiskingdotir to any other part thereof, without such permit, together with the oaks or other packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, boats, barges, and carriages used in such removal or carriage thereof; and the Amt respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

CXI And be it further enacted, That when any manufacturer Officer on re or manufacturers of, ot dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff, quefttogive doly licensed according to the directions ot this act, shall have ^wmovah f occasion to remove any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco tobacco etc? stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco ftallo flour, or 1 snuff, from any such his, her, or their enttred house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place, the officer qk officers of excise of the division or place where such entered

C e 4 houset

Antjo vicefime nono Gkougii III C 68. [1789.

house, warehouse, workhouse, (bop, room, celiar, vault, or otter place, shall be situate, shall, without fee or reward, front lime n time, upon a request note being made and delivered according to the directions of this act, by such manufacturer or manofaasrcn, or dealer or dealers, grant and give a permit in writing, figoed by the said respective officer or officers, expressing the weight of all such tobacco, tobacco ftalka, Spavijb, tobacco ftaiks nr tobacco stalk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk floor, and fouffte spectively, foto be removed, distinguuhing in fetch pi unit feck tobacco, tobacco ftalka, sps*j/k, tobacco ftalka fear tobacco flail flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and (buff, from each other, and alfodistingui thing the different kinds of tobacco, (buff work, and snuff respeciively from each other, according to the denominations thereof specified in the request note, - aednsdtag to the directions of this act, and expressing the mim or names of the person or per font from wham the dune is intended to be removed, and the name or names of the person or personrto whom, and the place to which, the same is or areioteaded to be removed, and whether the (ameis or are intended to be removed by land or by water, and by what anode of conveyance the Came ts Permits to or are intended to be sent; and ail officen of exche granting or limit the time giving such permits Avail limit and eaprefe in such permits n orremo. fp^jy^jy the time within which such tobacco, tobacco flaks, Spanijhy tobacco ftaiks for tobacco stalk flour, (huff work, tobacco stalk flour, of (huff, in sech permits respeciively mentioned, flnq be removed from and out of the flock of the person or periods taking out fetch permits, and also the time within which the (hoc shall be deliveredand received into thehoofetywareboufee, wash houses, (hops, rooms, celiars, vaults, er other places of the person or petrous tafperaxelyto whom: the same is so permitted»be sent >

tobacco, etc. be not delivered within the limited time, to be deemed a removed without permit.

CXII And it is further enacted, That in case any tobacco, tobacco ftaiks, spam^/b, tobacco ftalka for tobacco stalk see, snuff work, tobaoco stalk flour, or (huff, mentioned or fpedfid in any such permit, shall be removed or sent away from and oat of the house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place of the person or pedum to whom any sech paw (hau be granted, within the time expressed and limited in feck permit, and such tobacco, tobacco ftaiks, Speuijb, tobacco Adb for tobacco stalk flour, (miff work, tobacco stalk flour, or (oof, shall not within the time limited and expressed in such permit he actually delivered and received into the house, waiehooise, workhouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, or other place of the pevfaaer perfbna to whom the same is by feck permit aothorifed to te sent, then and in every such case all such tobacco, tobacco.(talks, spsni/l, tobacco ftaiks fear tobacco stalk flour, snuff wook, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, so removed or ient away as afontfiad, shall be deemed end taken to be tobacco, toi»eeo(blk % d^aajk

Permits not to be valid uolcfs

tobacco ftaiks for toflkcoo stalk flour, snuff work, flour, or fnpff, removed without permit.

CX1IL And be it further cmfled* That no permit for tte

remove

9.3 Anno vicesimo nooo Georgii III C 68. ' 771

aval of any tobacco, tobacco Aalks, tobacco Aalks the requed obacco Aalk flour, fnoff work, tobacco Aalk Aour, or snuff,

I be granted or be valid unless the manufacturer or manu turers ordeal urers of, or dealer or dealer in, tobacco or (huff, requiring er contain same, shall make and send, or deliver to the proper officer or the particu*: e of estcifc* by ffiba&aothorifed to grant such permit, a aeft note in wnnng, fpecifyinghts, her, or their own name ames, and also the name or names of the person or persons wboaa, and the place to which, such tobacco, tobacco Aalks, aa, tobacco Aalks for tobaoeo Aalk flour, friuff work, tobacco k Aoqr, or Atuff respectiveljr, is or are intended to be remov the weight of ah inch tobeeeo, tobacco Aalks, Spanish., to xo ftatka for tobacco Aalk flour, snuff work, tobacco Aalk or, and (stuff respectively intended to be removed, and for the nosal of which such permit is required, and also the number of j calks or other packages containing such tobacco, tobacco Iks, Spanish, tobacco Aalks for tobacco Aalk flour, (huff work, bacco Aalk flour, and snuff respectively, and whether the same [pedively are or is intended to be removed by land or by wir, and by what mode of conveyance the same reflectively are is intended to be removed and if it be manufactured tobacco hich i intended to be removed, whether 1 he same is ffiort cut baccp, fbag tobacco, roll tobacco, carrot tobacco, or returns of >bacco; and if it be snuff intended to be removed, whether the the ie British fouff or foreign fouff, or British (huff and foreign tuff mixed together; and if rhefewebe British snuff, whether le same is British rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Scotch tuff j and if the same be foreign (huff, die name by which the une is tnoa commonly calledaod, known and if the lame be Witijb snuff and foreign (huff mixed together, of what sorts of tuff such mixture consists, and the weights of each such sorts espectively; and if k be unmanufactured tobaoeo which is in ended to be removed from the premises of any manufacturer of nanufacturers of tobacco to any mill, for the purpose of being ut, the purpose for which the same is so intended to be remov: d and if it be for the removal of any cat tobacco, cut by my cutter or cutters of tobacco for any other manufacturer or nanufacturers of tobacco, or returns of such cut tobacco, which is or are intended to be removed from the mill where such: ut tobacco shall have been so cut, back toebe premises of the manufacturer or manufacturere of tobacco from whence the unmanufactured tobacco cut into such cut tobacco, shall have been lent to such mill for the purpose afore said, that such cut tobacco or returns ia or are cut tobacco, and returns of such cut tobacco, returned by the cutter to the tobacco manufacturer, and the weight of such cut tobacco and returns respectively, and also the weight of die entire quantity of the unmanufactured tobacco from whence the same atofe, and the time when fbeh unmanufactured tobacco was received at such cutting mil) to be cut; and if they are tobacco Aalks for Spanish, which are intended to bo removed from the premises of any manufacturer or manufactur

Anno vicesimo nono georgii III C 68. [1789.

ers of tobacco, to any mill, for the purpose of being manufactured into spani/b, the purpose for which the same are so intended be removed; and if it be for the removal of any Spamft>, manufactured by any spani/b cutter or spani/b cutters for any aether manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, or returns of furl spani/b, which is or are intended to be removed from the raim where such spanish shall have been so manufactured, had to the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, froa whence the tobacco (talks manufactured into such Spcmjb flu! have been sent to such mih, for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, that such spani/b or returns is or are spani/b, ary) reterra of such spani/b, returned by the spani/b cutter to the tobacw manufacturer, and the weights of such spani/b and returns re spectively, and also the weight of the entire quantity of thews bacco (talks from whence the same arose, and the time wha such tobacco (talks were received at such mill to be manufacture! into spani/b; and if they are tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk for, which are intended to be removed froth the premises of any ms nufacturer or manufacturers of snuff to any snuff mill, fords: purpose of being ground imo tobacco (talk 'flour, the said p pose for which the same are so intended to be removed, the tin: when the tobacco (talks were laid down for such tobacco M flour, and the quantity of tobacco (talks so laid down; and if be for the removal of any tobacco (talk flour ground by anyfac! miller or snuff millers for any other manufacturer or mamrfa&p* ers of snuff, from the tmll where the same shall have been grotroi back to the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturersc snuff from whence the tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk Burr ground into such tobacco (talk flour shall hate been sent to fa mill for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, that such tobxa (talk flour is tobacco (talk flour returned by the snuff milkn the snuff manufacturer, and the weight of such tobacco H flour, and also of the entire quantity of tobacco (talks for tobacr ltalk flour, from whence the same was ground, and also the tiz. when such tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour were received) such mill to be ground; and if it be snuff work which is mic& ed to be removed from the premises of any manufacturer ore? nufacturers of snuff to any mill for the purpose of being gran into snuff, the said purpose for which the same is so intended" be removed, the time when such snuff work was laid do«rn, rt whether such snuff work is snuff work for rappee snuff, fhs/ work for Scotch snuff, or snuff work for brown Scotch snuff & quantities of tobacco, tobacco (talks, and returns of toba& respectively laid down in each such kind of snuff work; and '4' be for the removal of any snuff ground by any snuff miller or fed millers for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of fni from the mill where the same shall have been ground, badi the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff tot whence the snuff work ground into such snuff shall have see sent to such mill for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, tat (flfh snuff is snuff returned by the (huff miller to the (buff

773

] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68.

urcr, the weight of such snuff, and also of the entire ity of snuff work for rappee snuff, snuff work for Scotch or snuff work for brown Scotch snuff respectively, from CC such snuff was ground, and the time when such snuff was received at such mill to be ground; and every permit Permits for i shall be granted for the removal of any tobacco, tobacco removal of, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff tobacco, etc.

, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, shall be made to correspond j al^particu*: fpe6t to the particulars aforesaid, with the request note m with the" aeon the same shall be granted; and all tobacco, tobacco request note,

s, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff T the t

t, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff respectively, which may b/felzed be removed contrary to any permit granted on any with the request note, or which shall be removed or carried caflci, C

er a description not conformable to this act, or under Jfe description, together with the casks or other pack; containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carts, boats, res, and other carriages used in the removal or carriage: eof, shall be forfeited and the same respectively shall and f be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; i if any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, acco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk ir, or snuff, removed under colour of any permit, shall be ied by virtue of or in pursuance of this actor if any action and if any 11 be brought by the owner or claimer of any such tobacco, action be >acco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for to brought for: co (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, thereof^th^ linft any officer or officers of the customs or excise, or any proof shall lie rfon acting in his or their assistance for such seizure of any on the owner, : h tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, to bythc icco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk

)ur, or snuff, the proof of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish* of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff ork, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, being such tobacco, tobacco alks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco alk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, as is or are lentioned in such permit (although such tobacco, tobacco alks, Spanijby returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, shall appear o have been kept in the officer's books or account of the flock rom whence such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijby returns of. obacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, to )acco (talk flour, or snuff, was or were removed, by the denomination specified in such permit) shall lie upon the owner or claimer thereof by the oaths of two credible witnesses, being (kilful and experienced persons competent to decide by infpcc tion and examination thereof,

CXIV Provided always nevertheless and be it further Permitsnotto enacted, That no permit shall be granted or be valid for the re be valid for inoval of any unmanufactured tobacco (other than samples dc t!*c removal 4iwcd out of the warehouse in manner herein before mentioned)

bacco from

774 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. £1789.

ofie pant to ed) from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, another of the except in the same bogfhead, calk, chcft, or case in which dx of atto b<>r^amc was'cleared and oelivered from and oat of the warehoofc kart to in which the same was deposited, lodged, and fecarcd, accord becco*ftalka, ing to the directions of this act, with the same marks and mia «tc. but on bers which were on such boglhead, calk, chest, or case, at the htionir herein'n, e ^uc** c*earan^« and delivery; nor for the remoral of any

particulariz unmanufactured tobacco (other than such samples) after the CD same has been previously twice removed, (that is to say) met

from the warehouse in which the same shall have been depot ed, lodged, and recured according to the directions of this3, .and once more from the frock of the manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco, to whom the hate shall be permitted, directly from such warehouse to the frock forne other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco; nor fa the removal of any cut tobacco, cut by any cutter or cutters a tobacco for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, from the mill where the same shall have been (6 cat u any other place, except back to the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from whence the unman factured tobacco cut into such cut tobacco shall have been pa mitted and font to such cutting mill for the purpose of being e cut, .or in any quantity except the entire quantity of cut tobies cut from the whole quantity of such unmanufactured tobacco, so permitted and Tent to such cutting mih for the purpose a being fb.cut, or without the whole of the returns arising therefrom accompanying the lame, or with any other process or operation, except the pressing and cutting thereof, having been performed thereon; nor for the removal of aoy tobacco ftalb, spani/b* or tobacco fralk flour, from any part of this kingdcc to any other part thereof, in the quantity of two hundred pound weight, or under, of tobacco stalks, spani/b* or tobacco flat flour, respeciively t nor for the removal gif any mans

factured by any spani/b cutter or gutters for any oebe

manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, from the mill whs: the same shall have been so manufactured to any other plaa, except back to the premises of the manufacturer or manunds ers of tobacco from whence the tobacco (talks manufactured k to such spani/b shall have been permitted and .feat to such u for the purpose of being manufactured into nor in act

quantity, except the entire quantity of manufacture

from the whole quantity of such tobacco stalks received by bad spani/b cutter or spani/b cutters for the purpose of being so an nufactured, or without the whole of the returns arising therefrom accompanying the same; nor for the removal of any s bacco (talk flour or snuff, ground by any (fluff miller or tad millers for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of fed from the mill where the same respeciively shall have been Cj ground to any other place, except back to the premises of other manufacturer or manufacturers, from whence the tefaaco talks far tobacco fralk flour or (fluff work, ground hate fcc:

t0b3c.ii

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. 77#

xo stalk flour or snuff, shall have been permitted and Tent ich mill, nor in any quantity less than two hundred pounds or the entire quantity of tobacco stalk flour and snuff lively ground from the whole quantity of such tobacco: s for tobacco stalk flour and snuff work respectively, received och snuff miller or snuff millers for the purpose of being and into tobacco stalk flour or snuff respectively, or with any er process or operation, except the grinding thereof respec: ly, having been performed thereon respectively: and if any if to nanufactured tobacco, other than such samples as aforesaid, r^ovedamk 11 be removed or carried, by land or by water, from any part of trary hereto,

5 kingdom to any other part thereof, except in the same hogs it may be td, cask, chest, or case in which the same was cleared and dell ed as aforesaid, with the same marks and numbers as aforesaid^an reon (whether a permit shall or shall not have been granted for officer of the h removal thereof; ) or if any unmanufactured tobacco, after customs or: same has been previously twice removed as aforesaid, shall be excise. lin removed or carried, by land or by water, from any part of s kingdom to any other part thereof (whether a permit shall or all not have been granted for such removal thereof; ) or if any t tobacco, cut by any cutter or cutters of tobacco for any other anufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, shall be removed or rried, by land or by water, from the mill where the same all have been so cut to any other place, except back to the emifes of such other manufacturer or manufacturers of to tcco, from whence the unmanufactured tobacco cut into such it tobacco shall have been permitted and seat to such mill, for le purpose of tying so cut, or in any quantity, except the entire uantity of cut tobacco cut from the whole quantity of such nmanufactured tobacco so permitted and sent to such mill for ac purpose of being so cut, or without the whole of the returns rising therefrom accompanying the same, or with any other rocefs or operation, except the pressing and cutting thereof, laving been performed thereon (whether a permit shall or shall lot have been granted for such removal thereof; ) or if any to >acco (talks, Spanish, or tobacco stalk flour, shall be removed or arned, by land or by water, from any part of this kingdom to iny other part thereof, in the quantity of two hundred pounds weight or under (whether a permit shall or shall not have been granted for such removal thereof; ) or if any Spanish, manufactured by any Spanish cutter or Spanish cutters for any other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, shall be removed or carried, by land or by water, from the mill where the same shall have been so manufactured to any other place, except back to the premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from whence the tobacco (talks manufactured into such spa mjb shall have been permitted and sent to such mill, for the purpose of being manufactured into Spanijby or in any auantity, except the entire quantity of Spanish manufactured from the whole quantity of such tobacco (talks received by such Spanish cutter or Spanish cutters for the purpose of being so manufactures

r

*776

Manufacturers may finish tobacco, or dry snuff at mills, if the officer take an account of the lame.

Permits not to be for more than the quantity after the tobacco is finiftied, and the snuff work dried

If tobacco, etc. be not removed agreeable to permits, they must be returned before the expiration of the time limited

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. [178$.

ed, or without the whole of the returns arising therefrom accompanying the same (whether a permit shall or shall not have been granted for such removal thereof; ) or if any tobacco flak flour, or snuff, ground by any snuff miller or snuff millers for anj other manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff, shall be removed or carried, by land or by water, from the mill where the same shall have been so ground to any other place, except back to the premises of such other manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff from whence the tobacco (talk flour or snuff work respectively, ground into such tobacco (talk flour, or snuff repectivciy, shall have been permitted and lent to such mill, for the purpose of being so ground, or in any quantity less than two hundred pounds weight, or the entire quantity of tobacco (talk flour and (huff respectively ground from the whole quantity of such tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour or snuff work respectivelj, received by such snuff miller or snuff millers for the purpose of being so ground into tobacco (talk flour or snuff respectively, or with any other process or operation, except the mere grinding thereof, respectively, having been performed thereon respectivdy (whether a permit shall or shall not have been granted for fact removal thereof; ) all such unmanufactured tobacco, tobacco (talks, spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff respectively, together with the hogsheads, casks, chests, cases, and o; ber packages, containing the same respectively, and the horses, cattle, boats, barges, and carriages used in such removal or carriage thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

CXV Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conftraed to extend, to prevent any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fauff from (loving or finishing tobacco, or drying snuff work, at anj cutting mill or snuff mill, provided that the proper officer or officers of excise shall have liberty, and be allowed to weigh and take an account of such tobacco or snuff work, after such tobacco shall have been (toyed or finished, or such snuff work shall have been dried: and provided also. That such manufacturer or manufacturers shall not be entitled to or receive a permit or permits for the removal of.any greater quantity of manufactured tobacco or snuff, than the weight of such tobacco or snuff work respectively, after such tobacco shall have been so (toyed or finished, or such snuff work shall have been so dried.

CXV I. And be it further enacted, That if any permit or permits shall be granted by any officer or officers of excise to any manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff, for the removal of any tobacco, tobacco flafc, spani/b, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (bit flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or (huff from one part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, and if within the time limited by such permit or permits respectively for that purpose, such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, to or

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 6& 777

for whom such permit or permits shall be so granted, shall not for removal, either actually and really send away all the tobacco, tobacco ?ni>icntailt3r °* talks, Spanish returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco va^of the talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, by such tobacco, etc. permit or permits authorised to be sent away, pursuant to the; rue intent and meaning of such permit or permits, or in default of so sending away such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, xturns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for, tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, shall not, before the expiration of the time limited in and by such permit and permits espectively for the removal of such tobacco, tobacco (talks,

Spanish) returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk Sour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, from and out of: he flock of the person or persons taking out such permit or permits, return such permit and permits to the officer or officers who granted the same, then, and in every such respective case ind cases, such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or lealers, to whom such permit or permits, or for whose use such )ermit or permits shall have been granted, (hal), for all such*tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, ind snuff respectively mentioned in such permit or permits, and lot removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit treble the ralue of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff respectively, to be estimated according to the bed and highest rate or price which tobacco, tobacco talks, Spanish) returnrof tobacco, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk lour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff refpeitively,

f the belt quality of that kind, shall be worth in London at the ime when such forfeitures shall be incurred; and if such permit er ad snot f >ermit$ shall not be so returned as aforesaid, and in case in taking in account by arty officer or officers of excise, of the (lock of to a >acco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks creafedoes or tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, re not appear to naming in the flock of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or ^ent^of lealer or dealers, from or out of whose flock the tobacco, tobacco permits, a talks, Spanish) returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco (talk like quantity lour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, mentioned in such may be feix >ermit or permits, shall be thereby authorised. to be removed, CD here shall not appear a sufficient decrease to.answer the removal of he tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanifi» returns of tobacco, tobacco talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or huff respectively, mentioned in fuc^ perpait or peomirs respectively then and in such .case the respective manufacturer or nanufaaujrers, or dealer or dealers, from or out of whose flock ueb tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish returns of tobacco, tobaccd talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobpcco (talk flour, or nuff respectively, mentioned in fqch permit or permits shall be uthonfed to be removed, Shall forfeit the Jike .quantities of to >acco, tobacco'(talks, spanij}*, returns of tobacco tobacco Stalks o*- - '''for

778 Anno vicesimo nono Gsonoil III C 68. {1789.

for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flobryirtjfmff respectively, so permitted to be removed, 'and not rtfnbvetfic cerding to such permission, to be feised and taken by the officer of excije, or any or either of them, out of any tobacco, tobacco (talk, Spamijb, returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco'stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or frraff, of Ac denomination given in such permit or permitto the tobacco, tobacco stalks, spmi/b, return of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, fb authorised to be removed, and then in the custody or possession of such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, forfeiting the lame.

manufc£tar CXVII Provided always, and be it further enadtd, That 00 manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, not being asso a seajer»*not dealer or dealer in tobacco, duly licensed as such according to to fend'out the directions of this act, shall be entitled to any permit for, or manufactured shall sell or send out any manufactured tobacco, Spamjby or re tobacco, etc. turns of tobacco, less in quantity than four pounds weight; nor theqoantitiet y nwnufadurer or manufacturers of snuff, not being afe neran sped*or dealers in (huff, duly licensed as such seconding is fied, on pc the directions of this act, be entitled to any permit for, or dell natty of sot sell or send out any (huff left in quantity than two poinds - weight; and if any fitch manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco, not being alifo a dealer or dealer in tobacco, duly licensed as such as aforesaid, shall sell or send out any manunfturd tobacco, spmujb, or returns of tobacco, less in quantity than four pounds weight; or if any such manufacturer or manufacturersot (huff, not being also a dealer or deader in snuff, duly licensed as such as aforesaid, shall sell or send out any snuff less in quantity than two pounds weight: every (beh manufacturer or maeflfx tarers lb offending shall, for each and every such offence ftfcfck the sum of twenty pounds.

No tobacco, CXVIII And be it further enacted. That no tobacco, to brauebttato ^, cco Sptnijb, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk floor,

any house, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, shall be brought into etc. of a ma any house, warehouse, workbouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, ot nufafturer or other place, made use of by any manufacturer or 'mans out rpermit" ^aurers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or (huff, without on penalty of flrft giving notice thereof to the officer of esccife under wheft it forfeiture, survey such manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer orded with the calk, erg, shall then be, and without an authentic permit grated wethetijue, 0^ given according to the directions of this act, being pruned of the to aid with the officer of excise under whole (urvey fed Ipcco, etc. manufacturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers. Hum then be, on pain of forfeiting all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Sptip tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, (naff work, tobaetbflrt flour, and snuff refpedivdy, lo brought in without such Mtis, or without such permit, together with the calks aid otheryad ages containing the (knee; and such tobacco, tobadeb db, spa*i/b, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, foeff hrott^to* baccoftalk flour, and snuff rdpedively, together Niththc calk) or

' other

8 9-3 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68.

779

ier packages containing the same, shall and may be seized by y officer qt officers of excise; and the manufaaurer or ma ia&urers of, or dealer or dealers in, tobacco or snuff, into lofc house, warehouse, workhouse, (hop, room, celiar, vault, other place, any such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco Iks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or uff* shall be so brought, shall forfeit treble the value of such bacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco (talk mr snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff refpeaively, to be binuated according to the hest and highest price which tobacco, bacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, uflf Work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, shall be worth or shall 11 for in London at the time when such forfeiture shall be in jrrod.

CXIX And be it further enacted, That no tobacco, tobacco No tobacco, alks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, e rc ">bacco stalk flour, or (huff, shall at any time (five as herein ^yvpiace°m her is mentioned) be removed or. carried from any part of this without the ingdoro, not being within the limits of the weekly bills of mor limits of the dity, or of the chief office of excise in London, to any place b51!9 mor." rithin the said limits; nor shall any tobacco, tobacco stalks, office^lon pamjb, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, to don, to any acco stalk flour, or snuff (save as hdrein after is mentioned) be place within amoved or carried from any part of this kingdom, not within hose limits $ he limits of either of the ports first herein before enumerated, o any place within the limits of cither of the port first herein the limits of lefore enumerated, or within two miles thereof; and if any to the ports >acco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk herein befbre lour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, shall be Found enumerated, emoving or carrying, or removed or carried contrary to the within or rue intent and meaning hereof, whether with or without per within two nit, the same, together with the hogsheads, calks, chests, and miles of those >ackages refpeaively containing the same, and also the veffds on ind boats, and the horsesand other cattle, carts, or other carriages forfeiture employed in removing the time, shall be forfeited, and may be with the*eized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise. caflts, CC

CXX Provided always. That no &panijb> which shall have but not to scerv m?nufactured by any Spanish cutter from tobacco stalks extend to the received by him, accompanied with a legal permit, from any 1^1 removal atlw manjufaaurejr of tobacco, for the purpafe only of manu le ^eacin ea&uring the same into spanish^for or uv account ot such other fpecifkd, tnanufaaurer, nor of any cut. tobacco which fturfl have been cut ty, any cutter of tobacco from tobacco received by him, ac <

s^mpanied with a legal permit, from any other mantifoaurer of \ ob^coo, for the purpose only of cutting the same for or On ac w>ui^of suchoaher maimfiaaaror, nor any tobacco stalk flour which stall have been ground i>y any snuff miller from tobacco qam^rweeived by him, accompanied witlva4egal permit, from apy other manufcaurer of fnuftvfor ehc purpose only*of grinding into tobacco stalk flour, forrorxx\ dccuiurtl offbch other ma uufaaoret of fnpff, nor yo which (bitt havd been grdond, Vol. XXXVI Fff by

yio Anno victgmo nono Georgii 111. C 6$. £

by any (buff miller from any fmiff work received by him accompanied with a legal permit, from any other manufacturer of snuff, for the purpolc only of grinding the same into (huff, for or on account of such other manufacturer, nor any bogfbead, calk, chest, or package, containing any such spani/b, cut tobacco tobacco (talk flour, or. snuff, or the vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or other carriage employed in removing the same, shall be forfeited for or by reason of the return of any such Spcmjby cot tobacco, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, by any such sp**r/b cutter or snuff miller, from his entered mill situate at any part of ibis kingdom, not within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, or from any part of this kingdom not within the limits of cither of the ports first herein before enumerated, to the entered premises of the manufacturer of tobacco or snuff, from whence such tobacco, tobacto stalks, or snuff work respectively, were or was received for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, situate at any place within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or of the chief office of excise in London, or at any place within the limits of either of the said ports, or within two miles thereof, provided that such Spanish, cut tobacco, tobacco folk flour, or snuff, shall be fore turned, accompanied with a permit, according to the directioas I of this a; anything herein before contained to the contrary'thereof in anywise notwithfonding. or of fnoff CXXI Provided also, That nothing herein before contained fcrf^yth€ 01811 cxtend> or be deemed or construed to extend, to make it manuta urcr. un]awfuj for ady manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff to send for sale, by permit granted according to the directions of this*act, any (nuff manufactured by him, her, or them, from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof; anything here in before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith (landing.

Manufatfur CXXII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any era or dealers manufacturer or manufacturers of, or dealer or dealers in to tobacco'oif1 bacco or snuff, who shall have received into his, her, or their snuff received dock any tobacco or snuff removed according to the directtont into their of this act, accompanied with a legal permit, shall see cause to ftoc*» to the return, the same to the person or persons from whom he (be*or whom^y"1 bey rcc^ved the same, then and in every such case such raapa received it, facturer or manufacturers, or dealer or dealers, shall be at liberty under the re within forty-eight hours after he, (he, or they (hau bavere gulations^ceived the same tobacco or snuff into his, her, or their (lock, id*herein ipcci gjve twcivc hours notice in writing to the officer of excise under9whose survey he, (he, or they shall then be, of his, her, or thar i

intention to return such tobacco or snuff, and shall in such notice express the true.cause and occafioft for returning the same; and such officer shall, and is hereby required to attend, and. examine such tobacco or snuff; and when and so soon as suchoc cer shall have examined the. same, and taken an account bftbt quantity and quality thereof, such manufacturer or manufcs&br ers, or dealer or dealers, shall forthwith, in the prefenct of /ud

officer,

^{/I Anno vicesimo'noiiogtoroillll. C.68i*781

omcer^ repack such tobacco or snuff, and shall immediately; of within half an hour after the coming of the said officer, and in the presence of the said officer, write on the outside of the package in which the tobacco or snuff so intended to be returned (halt be, in large legible characters, as well his, her, or their own christian and surname, or the known name of his, her, or theft firm, as also the christian and surname of the person or persons, or the known name of'the firm or company from whofei (lock the same tobacco or snuff was received, and likewise th

words, Returned Tobacco, or snuff'd as the case may require; and such officer shall thereupon underwrite on the package his own christian and surname, and mark the said package with some or number; and then, and not before, the proper officer ofextife shall grant a permit to accompany such tobacco or snuff so totbe returned, in which permit shall be ekprefled the quantity and quality of the tobacco, or snuff foto be returned, the cause nd occasion of returning the same, the mark or number put bri the package, the christian and surnames both of the person or persons from whose stock such tobacco or snuff is removed, and of the person or persons to whom the same is to be returned, and also the time for which such permit shall be in force; and if any such tobacco or snuff be found returned, or in but if found; art returned or returning, without such permit as aforesaid ac "turned or: ompanying the same, or if such tobacco or snuff be found re urn&d, or in part returned, or returning, to any other person mit, kc.may ar persons than the person or persons from whom such tobacco be seized,

r Inuff had been first received, or if the tobacco or snuff re an<l^ic*5^ urned, or in part returned, or returning, with such permit as to ftwtcu 5*iforesaid, be not the identical tobacco or snuff which had been*eceived as aforesaid, without any addition to, fubftraflion from,

r alteration of the same, then, and in each and every such case, uch tobacco or snuff, with the hogsheads, calks, cherts, cases,

nd packages whatsoever containing the same, shall be forfeited, ind the same respectively shall and may be seized by any officer

officers of the customs or excise, ind the person or persons eturning the same, contrary to the true intent and meaning of his proviso, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CXXIII And be it further enacted, That if any tobacco of If four lb. our pounds weight, or upwards, or any snuff, of two pounds f tobacco or weight, or upwards, or any tobacco stalks, span\jh % tobacco two lb. of alks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, or tobacco stalk flour, snuff or up lau be found removing or carrying from any one part of this ward, dr any ingjdom to any other part thereof, unless af such times as erein after mentioned, (that is to say), from the twenty-ninth^foundve ay Of September to the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, between moving from Hours of fever in the morning and five in the evening, andfirom one part of id twenty-fifth day of March to thetwenty ninthday of Septepib& th€ kingdom early, between the hours of five in the morning and seven in the p°r*d^cept vemhg (except the same is removing or carrying by a known com at the time lohftage cbach, wagon or other stage carriage, which ufbally herein sped

avtl odt of those hours, or by water, by a ship vessel, or boat, to be'Wf/ forfeited wish'

'ufua, 1> thcca(k, CC

?8a

If any person without a permit, or if any hawker with a permit, shall offer any tobacco. See. for sale, he shall forfeit it, with the packages, and also acl.

and the per font to whom It is offered may detain it, and bring the parties before a justice, See.

and they shall be entitled to the lame rewards as officers of' the customi or excise.

cotwtnffton ers of the customs and excise may cause three,

, vjwfttw popa Georgii III. C 6$. [178^

Usually levigated, in the fair course of trade, out of those hours) all inch tobaccp, tobacco (talks, Sfxwish, tobacco (talks for tobacco ll^lk flour, fouff work, tobacco (talk flour, and (buff rfe* (jpe&ivdy, together with the boglheads, ca(k$, chests, cases, and packages the same (whether the same be accompanied

with a permit or not) and all*boats, carts, carriages, horse and cattle, made ufo of in the removing or carrying the same, (full be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the curtains or excise.

CXXIV And be it further enacted, That if any pfrfon or

Serforu shall offer any tobacco, tobacco (talks, spaai/k? tobacco alks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or lnuff, to falc, not having a permit for the same, or if any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons, going from town to town, or to other men's houses, and trading either on foot or with any horse or hories, or other cattle, or otherwise, shall offer any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco fttfk* far tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco folk flour, or snuff, to sale, although such hawker, pedlar, or trading person or persons, shall have a permit for the same, such person or persons, hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person or persons shall forfeit ail such tobacco, tobacco stalks, §pamjb, tobaepo (talks for tobacco (talk Sour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, together with the packages containing the same respectively, and also the sum of twenty pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for ail and every the person and persons to whom the same shall be so offered to sale, to (top, arrest, seize, and detain all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanijbr tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk floor, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, snuff, and packages, and carry the same respectively to the next warehouse belonging to the customs or c*cife, and to bring the person and persons Tb offering tl\c same to sale before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, who shall thereupon commit such person and persons so brought before him to prison, that such person and persons may be prosecuted for such penalty incurred for such offence; ana such tobacco, tobacco (talk, s, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco fialk flour, and (buff, shall and may be prosecuted.in the like manner as if the same had been seized by any officer of the cutloms or excise;fter the condemnation thereof, and commitment of the offender or offenders, the person or persons so seizing the same as aforesaid shall be entitled to the same rewards, in every refpe^vas any officer or officers of the customs or excise would have beta entitled to, if such seizure had been made by any fu: h officer or officers, and the said commissioners of the customs and a cife respectively, shall pay, or cause the same to be paid accordingly; and in Case such person or persons so seizing any fact tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish? tobacco (talks for tobacco (bft flour, snuff wofk, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, shall <iefire it, the said rcfpe<ftive cptpmissioners shall, In the rircan rhyme, tili 0..................................?*1 ibz

i by

Anho vroefihio nonb gfeok&n III t. 6& % ^83

the same can be sold or disposed of atcbvdirig ttx the tfi'eitfbnspence for 6f tt>is i<fi cause threepence for every pburid of tobacco, bbc, b co, stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks sot tobaccb stalk flout, frhfff" prized0' wprk, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, so seized, to be paid 6r tfd be paid, till yarited to such person or pelrfons, upon a certificate under tiife it can bt dif hand arid seal of such justice or justices, of such offender or of Polctl °*>ctc# fenders being cbihinitted to prifori; and after the false df rt&h tobacco, tobaccb stalks, spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco ftalfc flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or fmiff (if the same frail be sold), the ttiofiies so paid or advanced frail be replaced but of Ihe produce of such sale.

CXXV And be it further enacted, That if any pirfdh or Persont forg persons tohatsoever frail counterfeit of fdtge, Or cause or protute inb pits, to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for the removal Of any or €1

tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spariijb, returns bf tobacco, tobacco*stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobaccb stalk flour, or snuff, from any part of this kingdom to any othfcr part thereof, and for the removal of which a permit is fey this act required; bris any person of persons frail kriowingly or willingly give any false or untrue permit for such removal cf tbbadeo, tobacco stalks Spanijbr returns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, of frail, . knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit with any such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, retutns of tobacco, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk stour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, removed, or to be removed as aforesaid; or if any person or persons frail fraudulently alter or erase any such permit, after the same frail have been given or granted. by the proper officer or officers of excise; or if arty person or persons frail knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any.

such permit so corirtterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every person or persons so offending frail, for each ahd*every such offence, several ly forfeit the sum of fivfe hundred pounds.

cxxvl. And be it further enabled, That upon every action, and on every bill, plaint, or information, entered or filed in any of his Maj, on for jesty's courts of record at wef.minster^ or court of exchequer ih^defend Scotland, for the said penalty of five hundred pounds, a Capiat in ants (hallpive the first process dial I or may issue, fpccifying such periahy; and fuiftcient bail, the defendant or defendants shall be obliged VO give sufficient bail, by natural born subjects, persons naturalised, or deriizehfc, to the person or persons to whom such Capias thall be dir'c&ed, to appear in the court out of which such Capias frail iflife, at the day of the return of such writ, to arifwer such soit qr prosecution, and frail likewise, at the time of such appearance, give*iutecierit bail or security in the raid court, to $nfw'efarid pay such penalty or penalties of five hundred pounds, in Case he,

(be, or they shaft be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prison.

cxxvli. And be ft further enacted. That upon the expor On exporta tation of any ih6rt cut tobacco, frag tobaec'0, toll tobkeeb, 'and hon of any

F f f o., rraf ott cut to

** carrot bacco, etc.

784 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. C 68. [78^

manufactured carrot tobacco, respectively maruifaftured at either of khe pert at any of the ffrft herein before enumerated, or within two miles thereof, before enu" from tobacco which shall be delivered for home trade, edrtfomp merated, or tion, or tnanufadture, out of the warehouse or warfchouse in within two which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and fecuted^ accord

mi, CS*"*810 directions of this act, and exported as merchandise bey*oiid*so, any the p°rts herein before enumerated, by the

except Faro licensed manufacturer or manufacturers who manufactured the and Ferro, same, to any port or place beyond the seas, except the iflinds tu: rejdakc aro tn under and subject to the rules, regulations,

customdraw restrictions, and provisions herein after mentioned, over and backs follow besides such of the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions ing, via. as are not repugnant to this at, and are now commonly practised or enforced by the officers of the customs upon the exportation of manufactured tobacco, in order to obtain the drawback or drawbacks upon the exportation thereof, there shall be paid and allowed, in the same manner as the custom drawbacks upon the exportation, of manufactured tobacco are now paid and allowed, the several custom drawbacks herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

For every lb. of short cut, 6d.

For every lb. of (bag. 6d. For every lb. of roll, 6d.

For every lb. of carrot, 6d.

For every pound weight of such (hort cut tobacco so exported, a custom drawback of sixpence:

For every pound weight of such (hag tobacco so exported, a custom drawback of sixpence:

For every pound weight of such roll tobacco so exported, a custom drawback of sixpence:

And for every pound weight of such carrot tobacco fb exported, a custom drawback of sixpence.

ut?onc*obe CXXVIII And be it further enacted. That such exportation under the f such short cut tobacco, (hae tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot rules herein tobacco, respectively so manufactured and exported as aforesaid, prescribed, as shall be under and subject to the rules, regulations, reftridtiom, 1evnowc an provifi°ns herein after mentioned and prescribed (over and practised on besides such of the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions the exports as are not repugnant to this act, and are now commonly practised tion of manu or enforced by the officers of the customs upon the exportation fa&ured to of manufactured tobacco, in order to obtain the drawback or acco* drawbacks upon the exportation thereof), that is to say, such |

; manufacturer or manufacturers intending to ship and expert

any such (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, respectively, shall, when any such (hort cut tobacco (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco is intended '*0 be packed up for exportation, give six hours notice in Writing, ia case such (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, rdh4obadc6, 06r carrot tobacco is intended to be packed up within the limit of the chief office of excise in London, and twelve hour rrotfce hi writing, in case such (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, ro!p tobacco or carrot tobacco is intended foto be packed up hi any > place put of (ho hud limits, in Griat Brit, erf his, her, or their in -- tentioa

^npo^csimo nonogjsqkgjilfl C 68. 785

tenfi^a to Aip stich, (hort cot. tobacco, (hag tobacco, rofl to^ftcoj or ca, rrot tobacco for exppfution, and ofltht time and place when and where the same is intended to be packed ujv, and of the enumerated pert from whence the. same is intended u*be exported to the proper officer or officers of extile, and of the pqrt or place to which the same isrintended to be exported, and of the quantity thereof, respectively, fa to be shipped and exported; and fuel) officer, or officers shall attend to see such (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tobacco, respectively, packed up for exportation, and the same reflectively shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and sealed with such Seals or marks, and in the manner, as the said re fuedtive commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for the time being, shall from time to time direct; apd the officer or officers of excise who shall have seen such manufactured tobacco packed up, shall weigh and take an account of the quantity of such (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobaccp, and carrot tobacco, respectively, fa intended to be exported, and such officer or officers shall make, a return thereof to the officer 1 who shall be appointed by such respective commissioners of ex cif$, or the major part, of them, to receive the same At such of the ports 'first, hergin before enumerated, and also to the searcher pr searchers ofjthe customs at fpefe port, from which such (hort cut tobacco, .(hag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tobacco, re fpofliyely are Intended to be exported; and such manufacturer or, manufacturers intending to ship any such (hort cut tobacco,

(h^g, tobacco, roh tobacco, or carrot tobacco, for such exportation, (halfgiye six hours notice, in writing, wixbin the.limits if the said chief office, and tw^lmc hours notice in writing in 9fl}«j; places in Gnat Britajy, of tp time and place of shipping''

such short cut tp^cco, (bag tobacco, roll tobacco, and .carrot tobacco, rcfpedhycjy, unto such; officer or officers of.excise of*thp place where the same (hall(hipped* and of the name of the ship or vefleun which the fciftc is, respectively intended to be ibipped and exposed, and of the matter, qr other person having or taking the o}iargp of command thereof, / and of the particular port or place to whi^h such (hort cut tpbacco* (hag tobacco, roll t^ba^coj and carrotf tobacco refpeffiwdy arc. intended to be exported, and of the quantity thereof respectively foto be shipped, and exported: and if any. such (hort cut tobacco ants ifarty (bag tobacco,roll tobaccp, pr carrot tobacco, so intended no be tobacco For pasfcejdup for expprtation, shall opt be begun to be so packed nstbe up, or if any suchfhort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, begun to be or carrot tobaocq, so intended to be exported, shall not be packed up, or oegun to be shipped, at the rcfpefljye .time mentioned for the p»pped, with e(pqchve purppfes aforesaid, in (hch nodow aforesaid, pr within o "the time )northeast hour after such respecti^e times then such respective notices specified in ball be void, and the like iespective notices in writing shall be the notice, a igaux given unto fpeh officer or officers, previous to the packing ^ih f?tice ip of ch (hort cut toba<; cq» shag; tobaccp, roll tobacco or car mua be^lvca*

F f f 4 rot

786

Short cut tobacco

and Spanisti, manufactured in

Anno vicesimo mono Gfofcan UL C fa, [178$; tot tobacco, for exportation, or previous to the shipping cf any such (hort cut tobacco, (bag tobacco, roll tobacco or cam tobacco for exportation, as the case may require.

CXXIX Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all (hort cut tobacco, and Spanijby manufactured in Great br*m %

_ _ and mixed together as herein after mentioned for exportation.

Great Britain, shall, for the purpose of exportation, be deemed and taken to be and mixed (hort cut tobacco within the meaning of this and there shall for exports pajd ancj an0wc(j upon the exportation thereof the same allowed the drawback as is by this at granted or payable for or in respect of same draw (hort cut tobacco manufactured in Great Britain, and exported back as (hort as aforesaid, provided the weight of the whole quantity of the cut tobacco, ftjort cut lobacco entered at one and the same time, by one itid the same person, for such exportation shall equal or exceed foot times the weight of such Spanish; and such (hort cut tobacco, and Spanijby respectively, shall be sevendly and Separately weighed by the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco intending to export the same, in the presence of such proper officer or officers of excise, and such Spanish shall, immediately after such weighing, be mixed with such (hort cut tobacco, or some part thereof, in the presence df such proper officer or officers, and immediately after such mixing shall be packed up fdr exportation, and shipped and exported, under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions hereinbefore prelcribed with respect to fhortcut tobacco (hag tobacco, roll tobacco and carrot tobacco for exportation;and if in any mixture of (hort cut tobacco and Spanish for ertj>ortation, the mm 01 me Spanish Contained in the whole quantity of short put tobacco, whole! it flail enured at one and the same time, by one and the same person, be forfeited, for such exportation, shall be More than one fifth part of tfc weight of such whole quantity of (hdrt cut tobacco, the whole d such (hort cut tqtpcco and Spanish, together with the hog(bea6, calks, chests, calls, and packages whatsoever, containing the same, shall be forfeited, and the same re£pc£kively shall and caay be seized by any officer or officers df the customs or eatcife.

CXXX And be it further enacted. That if any ptrfon or persons, save and except the proper officer of excise at the enumerated port of exportation, shall open any such pacte after the faiufc shall have bedn'fd secured and sealed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully destroy, damage, or deface fetch seal or mart every such person or perfbnk so offending Qali, for every foefe offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CXXXI And be it fuhher enacted, That no drawback ftj be allowed for any manufactured tobatcowhich is or shall be mixed with rubbish or dirt, of any other Ingredients, matter g thing whatsoever, not neceflaryor usual irt the Manufadurk thereof; and every person who shall enter ot ship !for exportation or cause to be entered or shipped for exportation, any man fa&ured tobacco mixed With rubbish or dirt, or with feny oath ingredients, matter or thing whatsoever, qr who shall enter act

provided the weight of the (hort cut entered at once for exportation shall equal 4 times the weight of the Spanisti, etc.

but if the Spanish shall exceed one fifth of the

with the packages.

If any person, but the proper of .hcer, shall open any sealed package, etc, he shall forfeit 50).

pehbns entering for exportation

tobacco m Sard with rubbish, etc. to forfeit the same, with the packager,

very «jkf°r thldslar exj>orttiion as tobacco, #hjcfr o^oq examination to

an

Ahttii vtce(imo riono Georgii till. C 6$. ysf

>ibt?6r. or officers of the customs or excise, shall appear not!

; % c*bacco, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof

Forfeit all such goods, and the hoglbeads, cases, chcfts,

, 'aid other packages containing the same, and also the fuin hundred pounds for every hogshead, case, chest, case, or r jacfeage thereof. ...

xxxlf. And be it further enacted, That if any roll tobac Roll orcar. of ^xportafipn shall be found to contain more than ten Jot tobacco ids weight of water or ingredients, other than tobacco, for jfo^costate y one hundred pounds weight, or if any carrot tobacco for, \ng more illation shall be found to contain more than twenty pound than the rht of water or ingredients, other than tobacco, for every j>ne qualities idred pounds height of, such roll tobacco or carrot tqbaccp ^ofvatcr* e&ively, then all fych Toll tobacco and carrot tobacco recte. tobd:* lively tttall be forfeited, and shall add may be feixed by any forfeited:

: or officers oftlie customs or excise »

Provided always, and be it further enabled. That Before fbtp, h manufacturer or manufacturers of any such (hort cut to p'd8 co, shag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, shall alfy ore the shipping tkd same, give bond to his Majesty, his por'tati0n, rs arid iuccinbrs, with two other sufficient fureries, of which bond to be i matter or other person having or taking the charge or com gen for its ind of the ship or yeflel in or on board which such (hort cut jatch, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tpbaesp refppc* mtrebandife ely, is intended to be exported, shall be one, such surety, to the place. tifcf thaii such matter or other person, to be approved of by fptctbed in eefpe<ttive commissioners of excise ip England apd Scotlands, xlot*cc*

the major part of them respectively, or the proper officer or C

Beets of excise, in treble the amount of all the duties intended bt drawn back on such exportation of such short cutlcbacco, ag tobacco, roll or carrot tobacco respectively, that such (hort jt tobaqco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or caurot tobacco re?

e&ively, and every part thereof, shall (the dangers of the seat id themies excepted; , be shipped and fairly exported as tner* landize to, and landed in the port or place to which the famt tspectively is in.such notice in that behalf herein before directed > be given, declared to be intended to be exported, and shall ota>e exported or carrieq to any other plac^ or country what?

ver, and shall not be unfhjpped, unladen, or put on board ny othcf ship, vessel or bot ir Of eat Britain (ship wreck or rther unavoidable incident accepted), nor relanded in Groat >

Britain) or or jthe inlands of Gutrnftys Jtrfey*

(fldihiey^ of. uniefc entered and shipped out for the said,

respectively, according to this a, or the iflandj of Faro )f Firro; which bond the properrifficer of excise of such of the pbfts hefeiri before enumerated, from whence such (hort cut to aac£p, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco refaeftively, ftiatt be exported, is hereby directed to take, in his Majesty's na^afe,rtd solis majesty's use and the exporter shall jrffo, be

tore Ae .ttiipplng of any such (hortt cut tobacco, (liag tobacco, rqtl tobicco, or carrdt tobacco fespectively, make oath that he

believes

788 Anno vicesimo nono Georgii ill c

believes the duties upon such tobacco have beta fully paid which oath they the respective cotnmissioners of exofe^, or any one or more of them for the time being, are, and the proper officer of excise for the time being is, hereby authorised and re and within quired to administer; and such respective commissioners of ex a month after cife, or any one or more of them, or such proper officer, being the exporta fat'rsfied of the truth of such oath, shall, within one month after, thttcommif l^c a<^ua* exportation of such (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, ftoners of ex roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco respectively, give to the exporter cife, etc. to thereof respectively a certificate or debenture, expressing the give a debcn several quantities of such (hort cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, rd cxik>rter*c tobacco, and carrot tobacco respectively, and that all the duties

hereby imposed on such tobacco have been paid for the same,

and that bond, vjith sufficient security, hath been given beta: which being the shipping the same for the exportation thereof; and such cer produced to tificate or debenture being produced to the collector of excise of of excise f ^ucl1 Porls before enumerated, from whence Caen

at the port of^*h°rt cut tobacco, (hag tobacco, roll tobacco, and carrot tote shipping, he co respectively, were so respectively exported, he shall forthwith (halt pay the pay or allow the person or persons so exporting the same, outd foftowing viz exi, C duties by this act imposed on tobacco, the follow

# of excile; (that is to say).

For every lb. For every pound weight of such (hort cut tobacco so export of short cut ed, an excise drawback of nine*pence:

Forever 9ib* or every pound weight of such (hag tobacco so exported, V oftoag d*drawback of eight pence farthing:

1-4th. For every pound weight of such roh tobacco so exported, 2

For every lb. excise drawback of nine pence: .

for^ver^'lb And or cvie?ry Pound weight of such carrot tobacco foexpor of cairot^w' e an exc*fe drawback of eight pence:

If the col and if such collbftor of excise shall not have money in his ham le&orshave to pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise a the commis and Scotland respectively arc required to pay such dn*

fionert to pay acs out of the money in their hands, sirifing from the exei drawbacks. duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of tobacco. Officers may CXXXIV Provided always, That it shall be lawful fords open such to officer attending the shipping of such manufactured tobacco, the <*ccm lt expedient, at the port or place of exportation

portatiortto to °pcn anc came such manufactured tobacco as (halbe if examine it; pafeked, in order that he may be satisfied that such manu&fam tobacco is the same that is described in the account to femto the officer in whose presence any such manufactured tobacn was so packed up.

and if after CXXXV Provided also. That if after the shipping of fh*?/h*1lt. such manufactured tobacco, and the giving such fccurit; i CD 0r put " af°resaid, in order to obtain any drawback by tbit aft grant into any other the same manufactured tobacco, or any part thereof (ballk vessel within unihipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other ship the kingdom, vessel, or boat within this kingdom, ((nipwreck or other C

avoids

3 Anho vicesimo nono Georgii ITI. C 6$.

abl£r ^ccidctit excepted), that then, and in every such case, ifo&wteove the penalty of th bond vfrhrch shall bb levied' ecovered to his majesty's use, all such manufactured to ivrh&ch shall be so unmipped, unladen, or laid ori land, or ntd'any other. ship, vefle?, or boar, within Great Britain wr£ek or other unavoidable accident excepted), or the: thereof, shall be forfeited, and such tobacco shalt and may ia&ed by any officer or officers of the custofris or exdife. XXXVI And be it further enabled, That such last men rd^bbnd foto be given shall be discharged in manner herein mentioned; (that is to say) for such of the said manufac d'tobacco as mall be entered for exportation for or landed he kingdom of Ireland, or the islands of Guernfty, Jersey, rney, 6r Sdrf> upon the production, to the collector or other f officer of the excite of such of the ports herein before moated from Which such manufactured tobaeco was ex ed; of a certificate, firch production thereof to be within six tths frotp the date of such bond, testifying such landing of i trianufadhired tobacco there; upon the like production of ke certificate, within twelvemonths for such manufactured acco as thalfbe so entered for, or landed in, any other port or: e in Eutdpe (other than the islands of Faro and Ferro), or in t port or place in Asia or Africa, dr within the (freights of Tdttdri upon the like production of a like certificate, within htedn months for such manufactured tobacco as shall be so; erc<f for, or landed in, any of his majesty's colonic's, planta ns, islands, " or territories in America or Africa, or the United tesdf antehra; ' arfd upon the like production of a like certify, within'twenty four months for such manufactured tobacco fhitt'be so'entered for, or landed in, any port or place at or yond the Gape of Good Hope, atid such certificates respectively manufactured tobacco as shall be landed in any port or ice where any officer or officers of his majesty's customs fhm! resident shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his ajesty's customs there, anckf no officer of his majesty's curia fhdll be resident in such port or place where such manu tured tobaccb shall! be landed, such certificate shall be signed t the Btitijb consul, or other person acting as such there, and no officer of his majesty's customs or british consul, or other irfon "acting as such, shall be resident at such port or place here such manufactured tobacco shall be landed, such ccrtifi ire shall btttader the common seal of the chief magistrate of ich port or place, or under the hands and seals of two known w/fjft^merchiiyts then being at such port or place at which ich manufactured tobacco shall be so landed; or such last men idhed bond or bonds shall be discharged upon proof, in any or tfhef of the said cases, that such fnariufadtured tobacco was akfctv by ehemiefc, or perished in the tea, or by fire, the ex ifriinaironand proof thereof being left to the judgement of the aid bomaattlidners of excise in England and Scotland for the time "f''d; r*beiner

7*9

it shall be forfeited.

How bonds given for the exportation of (hortcut tobacco, etc shall be discharged. #

> T

^90 Anno vicesimo nono georgii III c.68.

being, refpcflively, or the major part of the fai4cmubft£fieaan refpcfliveiy for the time being.

Perrons C&XXVII. And be it further enabled. That if soy peribs

counterfeit or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procaitjd U <atescfor the or counterfeited, any certificate by this a reposed for

discharge of the discharge of any bond or bonds given, entered mto, <rek»

bonds, etc. cuted for the exportation of any tobacco as by this act is re

to forfeit quired; or shall produce to any collector or other chief office

*°° of the custotns, or to any collector or other officer ofcxdfe, a

make use of any forged, counterfeited, false, or untrue certify, as and for any certificate by this act required for the of any such bond or bonds; or shall connive at any inchcerta cate being so forged or counterfeited, or at any such font, counterfeited, false, or untrue certificate being (o produced r made use of; all anc every the person and persons Jb 0 shall, for each and every such offence, several ly forfeit thsk of two hundred pounds

This act not CXXXVIII Provided always and be it further cm&l importation bat nothing in this ai contained shall extend or be coolbg*: or exporta to extend to permit or allow (unless otherwise permuted or »> ti on of tobac lowed by this a eft) any tobacco or snuff to be imported imocr co con^?r.y exported from Great Britain, in any way or manner axitnqt fore" onoft. aay or°fparliament in force on andimmdiatdybete 10, 1789* un the said tenth day of October one thousand ferea hundwt* less otherwise eighty nine.,

oermitted cxxxtx. Provided also, and be it further eaam, Thcrc, n nothing in this a contained shall extend or be coo&ued too a awbacit ten to a^ow a drawback upon the exportation of tobaoco^ wher^not al any port or place to which a drawback was not allowed tynyt: lowed by law or acts of parliament in force on and immediately beta & at that period, said tenth day of October one thousand feveu hundred mdeight* nine.

Tobacco, etc. CXL And be it further enacted, That all tobacco, tofacc under seizure, stalks Spatiijb, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, faoff sort hereafter be^tobacco (talk flour, and (huff respectively, which is or ire seized, under seizure, or which shall or may be seized on or before fit he deposited tenth day of October one thoniand seven hundred and oghtr* in the ware nmc> by any officer or officers of the customs, or which dull ^dedumkr fe*zc** ater commencement of this a t by any office or X this at, etc, cers of the ctxfioms or excise, under or by virtue of this or ac;

, other all or as of parliament in force at the comaunceottic I this a fl, or which shall afterwards be made, shall, after &ccw demnation thereof respectively. and before thefami^pefiimlf, or any part thereof, shall be sold, burnt, ordeftrayedtbefo^ and deposited, lodged, and secured until the same (hill be and burnt, or defiroyed, in the warehouse or wirehosfofe#* provided according to the directions of this ti khd#. ...... ports herein before enumerated as shall be oeaieft

by officers of where such seizure respectively shall be made; sad the Wo the cuttoma raiflioners of the customs in England) or any fear cr m i

to

> '3 Anno vjcasimo nono Georgii III C 68.

9 fof the time being, and the said commissioners of the cu ft ixf Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the time

i, ihaii, and they are hereby respectively authorised and retd so cause il such tobacco (except tobacco of the growth, uakta, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of w or Portugal or of the growth or production of Ireland, or i/fajcfty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in arne or the united dates of America) and all such tobacco (talks, ish % tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flopr, snuff work, an) cco (talk flour, respectively, as shall be so seized by any such er or officers of the customs, to be burnt and destroyed, and ive such officer or officers by whom the same respectively

I have been so seized, such pecuniary reward as they the said eaivecommissioners of the customs shall think proper, such ard not exceeding threepence per pound for each and every nd of fqeh tobacco (except as aforesaid), and of such tobacco fcs, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, i tobacco (talk flour respectively, which shall be so burnt or troyed; and also, if any such tobacco of the growth, pro: lion, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain Portugal or of the growth or production of Ireland, or his ijcfty's coionics, plantations, islands, or territories in America? the united dates of America, can be sold for so much money as

II be equal to, or exceed, the duties by this act imposed for or respect of tobacco of the famfc kind, which shall be delivered home trade, consumption, or manufacture, out of the ware iufe or warehouses in which the same shall be depoflted, lodg, and fccqred, as aforesaid; or if such snuff, being foreign uff, cart be sold for so much money as will be equal to, or ex CD the duties by this act imposed for or in respect of snuff of e same kind which shall be delivered out of such warehouse or

791

may be burnt (except spa nifh tobacco, etc.) by order of the com missionera of the customs, who are then to give a pecuniary reward to the feizer.

If such spa nifh tobacco, etc. or snuff cao be sold for the prices herein mentioned, it may be sold, and the feizer rewarded with a moiety of the produce.

arehemfes; or if such snuff, being British snuff, can be sold for

ie shilling and threepence per pound weight, cause such tobacco

A snuff respectively to be publicly sold, and to reward such

Steel or officers of the customs, by whom such tobacco and

luff respectively shall have been so seized, with one moiety of

le money (after deducing the charges of seizure, condemna

on, and Me) for which such tobacco and snuff respectively shall

e Cp sold; and in case, upon any such tobacco or snuff being put But if, upon

p or offered to public sale, no person or persons shall offer or Put, ijsltup

d for the same respectively such sum or sums of money as will

e equal to, or exceed, such duties or sum of money respectively, it duties should

hall and may be lawful to and for such commissioners of the cu notbeoffered,

toms tpspectively to cause such tobacco and snuff respectively to jtmaybe

)e burnt and destroyed, and to give such officer or officers such dcr ovthe^

pecuniary reward as they the said refpettive commissioners of the commission:

: shall think proper, such reward not exceeding three ers, etc.

petfeeprr pound for each and every pound weight of such to

bac$o and ftwjff respectively which shall be so burnt or destroyed; Com mi Aeon

and tfceftid commissioners of excise in England and Scotland re crsofexcifcte

fpsfllvety, or the major part of them respectively for the time

being? customs, with

79*

refpeff to fci* sure made by oldie officers.

Rewards hereby authorised, to be in leu of all claims, except pecuniary penalties.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III c.61k fvy!

beings shall, and they are hereby refpcttively authorhcd andr quired to cause all such tobacco (except as aforefitd^wttchlh; be so seized by such officer or officers of excise, and fedttpf 27 deposited, lodged, and secured as aforesaid, in such wircwfei warehouse as aforesaid, and all such tobacco (talks, Spmjh} t bacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, fnuflf work, and tobacco fa flour, respectively, to be burnt and destroyed, and to giveftk officer or officers of excise, by whom the same respectirdjon have been so seized, such pecuniary reward as such rdjx&'i commissioners of excise shall think proper, such reward note ceeding threepence per pound for each and every poundoffut tobacco (except as aforesaid), and of such tobacco (talks, Spsr tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, and tobao: stalk flour respectively, which shall be burnt ordeflrovd; C also i any such tobacco, of the growth, production, onnr. failure of the plantations or dominion of Spain or Pert of the growth or production of Ireland, or his Majesty'sccfer? plantations, islands, or territories in America, or the united lbs of America, can be sold for so much money as will beqeah or exceed, the duties by this act imposed for or in refpc&ob bacco of the same kind, which shall be delivered for horns consumption, or manufacture, out of the warehouse or ft houses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and Ikes as aforesaid, or if such snuff, being foreign snuff, can befell*so much money as will be equal to, or exceed, the duties by act imposed for or in relpcct of snuff of the same kind, it shall be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses, X such snuff, being British snuff, can be sold for one (hjfe* threepence per pound weight, cause such tobacco and feej (pectively to be publicly sold, and to reward such officerer| cers by whom such tobacco and snuff respechve1y tei r been so seized, with one moiety of the money (after dtfj the charges of seizure, condemnation, and fate) for which! tobacco and snuff respectively shall be so sold $ and in cam such tobacco or snuff being put up or offered to pubfckl no person or persons shall offer or bid for the same rtf such sum or sums of money as will be equal to, or exc duties or sum of money respectively, it shall and may belt and for such commissioners of excise respectively, or the I part of them respectively, to cause such tobacco and fhaffq lively to be burnt and destroyed, and to give such officer cers such pecuniary reward as they the said respective < fioners of excise, or the major part of them respectifc think proper, such reward not exceeding threepence /*rl for each and every pound weight of such tobacco ah a fpedlively which shall be so burnt and destroyed as lift aftj which said rewards respectively shall be in lieu of all rtwrj lowances, sums of money, and claims whatsoever, to whi such officer or officers of the custotns or excise Was, v! shall be entitled by virtue of any such act of adl$vothertl pecuniary penalty or penalties, for or in respect of fdei tfl

JJ Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68, 793

ziot(kil\t> % 9spanish, returns of tobacco, tobacco (talks for to

> flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, and snuff, re ively.

(ta Provided always, andhbe it further enacted, That if Officer fciz* officer or officers of the customs or excise shall seize any to >, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk fciz'jng the, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or (huff, as forfeited by vcfivhetc or or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the com pot discover cement of this aftf or which shall afterwards be made, on in&thcpart*5* d any ship, vessel, or boat forfeited by such act or acts, and bc^juedvo not seize and prosecute the ship, vessel, or boat in or on, such reward d which the same shall have been imported, brought, found, only as the uzed 3 or if any officer or officers shall seize any tobacco, to commission ro (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff o^excise shall k, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, which shall have been unthink proper, ped, landed, removed, or carried contrary to law, and shall alio seize and prosecute to conviction the ship, vessel, boat, re, cattle, cart, or carriage made use of in removing, carrying, onveying such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish tobaccp (talks tobacco (talk flour, and snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or ff, if such ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or carriage, LI be forfeited by such act or acts, by reason of being made of in the removing, carrying, or conveying such tobacco, toco (talks, spani/by tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff rk, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, and shall not atfo discover to V commissioners of his majesty's customs or excise respectively i person or performs concerned in the unfhipping or receiving h tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco Ik our, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, or from lom such seizures were/espectively made, so that he, (lie, or ry may be prosecuted to conviction for the penalties incurred law for such offences, such officer and officers shall, in each d every (pch case, in lieu and in (tead of all and every reward d rewards by this act given or granted to him or them upon s condemnation of any such leizuce, be entitled only to: h reward as they the said commissioners of customs in eng dor any four or more of them for the time being, and the id commissioners of the customs in Scotland, or any three or ore of them for the time being, or the said respective commis mersof excise, or the major part of them, respectively, as the ft. may require, shall think fit, such reward not exceeding three ilfpence per pound for every pound weight of tobacco, to icco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff ork, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, which shall be liable to be umt or destroyed, according to the directions of this act, not iccecding one fourth part of the money, after deducting the targes of seizure, condemnation, and sale, arising from the sale f tobacco and snuff respectively, which shall be sold according

> the directions of this act, anything herein before contained

) the contrary thereof in any wise nolwithstanding; and the said Reward to be rfpeftiyf commissioners of the customs and excise shall, and they

'aro imposed

t)y

burning to bacco, etc.

794 Anno vicesimo npno Georgii III. C [ijjj,

arc hereby respectively authorised to pay or edetohe^gdi such rewards out of any money in the bands of tbd^theai respective commissioners of the customs and cxciferrij arising from the duties of customs or excite by this as the case may require.

Scfearet CXLII And be it further enacted, That all feizum to when ware bacco stalks, spctjijb, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk fax, W wor^» t^acc0 Aaik flour, and fngff respectively, whichmbi the itrfpe&lon lodged, or secured in any warehouseor iqrcho^fc

of the officers to be provided as aforesaid, that! be under and fubjtd to ihcis fthecnftoms fpeftion and examination of all the officers of the customs d andexdfe, etc. excise respectively, and shall be subje<9 to the same rules, rtjt lations, restrictions, and provisions (other than andoaytds payment of duties by this act imposed)) which tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk {qc, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and buff, arc subjefi bj ffe of this act.

The comrnif* CXLIII And be it further enacted, That the said cunusi: firr3t°r. (loners of the cgftoms in England for the time being, orw vtde ktlns for four or more of them? and the said commissioners of thccc toms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or ok a them, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorifedjsdfr

Siired, out of any of the duties or revenues of custoens uz eir management respectively, to erect and provide hemtin to time a proper kiln or kilns in each and every such v»arf foto be provided as aforesaid, for burning and destroyiqgfou tobacco, tobacco stalks, snuff work and snuff, as shall be bon. or destroyed according to the directions of this ad?.

Vessele seized CXLIV And be it further enacted, That all (bios, ^tinder any act an(j boats whatsoever, which shall be seized and conmnda any cause of forfeiture under or by virtue of this or injotic adapted tot he ft or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of tb purposeiof aft, relating to tobacco, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, and which fmu^eling, to shall appear to the commissioners of the customs in In the man any fur or more of them for the time being, or to ifocim fioners of the customs irt Scotland, or any three or more pftbes for the time being, (in case the same shall be seized by it]dicer or officers of the customs)) to the commifliocers of a cife in England and Scotland respectively, or the majunfit \ them respectively for the time being (in case the kmc (to seized by any officer or officers or excise)) be pio adapted to the purpose of smuggling, shall be difpowou follows; (that is to say, ) The hull of every such (h^«fc or boat, mall be broken up, and the materials of every hull, together with the guns, ammunition, tackle, Mtrc and apparel, belonging to such ship, vefiil, or boat, .Ito sold to the best advantage, and the produce arising tbcrtfac (the costs and charges of the seizure, profecufion, breaking and sale thereof, being first deducted) shall be divided, oocnxxp to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefor*, VI other moiety to such officer or officers as hail

ner herein prescribed,

and the produce divided between his Majesty and the officer.

tysg.j Anno vicesimo nono georgii III C 68. 795

the facoe; and the said respective commissioners shall also re Such officers ward the officer or officers who shall feise.any such ship, vessel, to b* boat, the hull whereof shall be so broken up, with such futn herdn men or Aims of money as they the said respective commissioners shall tioned. think fit, not exceeding ten Shillings per, tonne for such vessels and boats respectively as shall be more than four tonnes according to legal admeasurement, and not exceeding forty Shillings for such vessels and boats as shall not be more than four tonnes according to legal admeasurement, such rewards refpcc tively to be paid by the said respective commissioners, out of any money in their hands refpcdtively, arising from the duties by this act imposed; and in case it shall appear to such Vefifels so commissioners respectively, that such ship, vessel, or boat which seized, and shall be so seized and condemned shall not be particularly not adapted adapted to the purpose of smuggling, it shall and pnay be lawful to and for such commissioners respectively, to order such ship, produce vessel, or boat, together with her guns, ammunition, tackle, divided be furniture, and apparel, to be sold to the bed advantage, and the tween his produce arising therefrom (the costs and charges of the seizure, prosecution, and sale thereof being first deduced) shall be divided, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall seize or sue for the same.

CJCLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such ship, vessel, or boat shall be necessary and fit for C

the service of his Majesty in his royal navy, it shall and may be tobeio lawful to and for the said commissioners of the customs in Eng disposed of. land, or any four or mote of them for the time being, or to the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the time being, and to and for the said comraiffion ers of excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the majpr part of them respectively, if they shall think fit, to cause the same, together with her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture, and apparel, to be sold to the officers appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the admiralty Dr of the navy, for that purpose, and the produce arising from uch sale (the costs and charges of the seizure, prosecution, and ale thereof, being first deduced) shall be divided, one moiety

: o his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to he officer or officers who shall seize or sue for the same; and if my such ship, vessel, or boat shall be found fit to be used by iny of the officers of his Majesty revenues of customs or ex ife, it shall and may be lawful to and for such commission rs respectively to cause such ship, vessel, or boat, together virh her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture, and apparel, o be lifed in th service of his majesty's revenues of cuf oms and excise respectively as the case may require, the osier of officers who seized such ship, vessel, or boat, being first aid by them the said respective commissioners one moiety f the value of such ship, vessel, or boat (the costs and charges Vol. XXXVI Ggg of

Hit majesty'i

share of lieizurei to be paid into the exchequer.

79$ Anno yitfesimo none Georgii HIC. fr. [1789,

of the seizure and profecuthm thereof being first deduced) anything in any such act or aftt contained to the contrary thereof in any will notwithstanding.

CXLVI And be it further enacted, That the said coauni£» fioners of the custbms in England and Scotland respectively, and the said commissioners of excise in England and Scotland rdpec tively for the time being, shall, and they are hereby respectmfy authorised and required to pay or cause to be paid ail the money anting to his Majesty from such foies into th receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, as the duties of customs and excise respectively by this act imposed are directed to be paid in there, without distinguishing the same from such duties, m.d.. the same shall be carried to and made part of the fund called fit Consolidated fund

CXLVII And be it further enacted. That no officer of the customs shall be entitled to any reward given on the seizure of any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, (huff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, or on the seizure of any ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or carnage, . made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of any such notice at^he* toba^co» tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk next office of flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or (huff, by virtue of tkk or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of this act, or thereafter to be made, unless notice of lock seizure be by him given, within twenty-four hours next after such seizure, at the next office of excise, or to the fupenrifor or other officer of excise of the district where such seizure shall be

No officer of the customs to be entitle to any re war for a seizure, unless in aa hours there

excise, or the supervisor or officer of the district, who is to take an account of

the same, and made; and such superrifor or officer of excise is hereby directed, w{uch must^such notice, to take a particular account of the kind, and ed without°a* quantities of all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco permit. (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff respectrvrely, so seized; shall any fiicb tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamfcy tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, be afterwards removed without a permit signed by the proper officer or supervisor of excise of the place or district from whence stich tobacco, tobacco ftalfcs, f nijby tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, eobocca (talk flour and snuff refp^ftively, are or is to be removed, onder the penalty of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spanish, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flout, and snuff respectively, together with the hogsheads case chests, cases, and packages respectiyely containing the same, being forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be fobbed by any other officer or officers of the customs, or by apy officer or officers of excise.

ssfc^avis CXLVIII And be it farther enacted That it shall apd my on board vef«* lawful to and for the officers of excise, or any of them tagp fels within on board and enter into any ship or vessel ^hatfcewer wfach four leagues shall be within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, to searchfor*UT leagues of the coast thereof end tq continue on tobacco, etc. board the same, and to examine and search such flaps airs fjrf

i ?8$<] Ann vicesimo norto gboroii UL o 61,

fd*refpofttvely; for till tobacco, tobacco stalks, (obacco folk floor, andiimff, whatsoever, and to seize, for hit majesty's^lf, all Aich tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco folk flour, and fnuts, rdpeftireiy, there found, as by this act, or by dfty law or lairs in force at the commencement of this act, (hah be forfeited, ., together with the hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and other packages containing the sane, tod etfo foeh ship of vessel if the same fhati be forfeited, for or on account of any fitch tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff.

CXL1X. And be it farther ent&ed, Tbit if any person or Person eb persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, mcfest, obstruct, ftruftingof ov binder any officer or officers of the custotn* or excise in the aool. due execution of this or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of this act, or thereafter to be made, relating to tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, or Chuff, or of any of the powers or authorities by any such act or acts of parliament given or granted to any such officer or officers; or shah by force or violence, after any such officer or officers shall have lei zed any tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, to bacoo stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk Boor, or snuff, forfeited by any such act or acts of parliament, or any ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or carriage forfeited by any such act or acts of parliament, for being made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of any such tobacco, tobacco [folks. spani/b, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk floor, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or (huff, rescue or cause to be rescued any Kick tobacco, tobacco stalks, spam/br tobacco stalks for tobacco folk flour, snuff work, tobacco folk flour, ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, cart, or carriage, or shall attempt or endeavour fit to do, all and every such person or persons so offending shall.

For each and every such offence for which no penalty is particularly provided by this act, forfeit the fun of two hundred pounds.

CL And be it further enacted, That if any person or periods perfoosoffer whatsoever shall givey or offer to give, any bribe, recompense, yr reward whatsoever, to any officer or officers of the cnftoms forfeit Jool. nr excite, to connive at or to permit any tobacco, tobacco stalks,

tobacco folks for tobacco folk flour, snuff work, to jaceo folk flour, or snuff, to be run on shore, or to connive at ihy false or (hort entry of any tobacco or fimff, or shall give or yaet to give any bribe, recompense, or reward whatsoever, in >rder to corrupt, persuade, or prevail upon any such officer or sfficersy either to do or perform any act or acts, thing or things, whatsoever, contrary to the duty of such officer or officers in the execution of this or any other act or acts of parliament in force it the commenccment of this act, or thereafter to be made resting to tobacco, tobacco folksy Spmtjb, tobacco folks for to*tmcco folk flour, snuff work, tobacco fbdk flour, and (huff, or \

either of them, or to negteft to do or perform any act or acts; thing or things, whatsoever belonging at appertaining to the baflmii and ducy of fash officer and officers in the execution of 0 g g a ny

Gc ?le.

Person to dc liable to the penalties for perjury.

No tobacco, etc. to be landed, without entry first made, pa penalty of forfeiture.

Officers of excise fafped ing tobacco, etc. to be concealed, and making oath thereof, may be authorised by the com mifltonect of excite, or two maeiftrates, to Search for the same, etc.

Anno viqesimo nono Georgii III C 6$. x1789.

any such a & or alb of parliament, or to connive at or zatxcez any fraud or fraud relating to the dupes oft tobacco of fiiof, or not to discover the same; all and every such person orper fons so offending shall, for each and every niche offence, whether such offer or propofol be accepted or not, forfeit the sum cf fire hundred pounds.

CLI And be it further enacted, That any person'or pofens who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false oath, in anj of the cases in which an oath is required to be taken by virtue of this act, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

CLII And be it further enacted. That no person or ptrfbro whatsoever, bringing any tobacco, tobacco (talks, Spamfl, tobacco (talks for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, into any port or place of Great Britain, bycttol cocquet, transire, or permit, nor any person or persons to whom the same, or any of them, shall be consigned, fhaff lmd, or cause any such tobacco, tobacco (talks, spani/b, tobacco (lifts for tobacco (talk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, orfaufi, to be landed or put on shore, without first making or cau&og to be made, with the officer or officers of the customs forth time being, appointed to receive or take such entries withfirfk port or place into which such tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (hit flour, or snuff, shall be so brought, due entry of thefainev fpeltively, on pain of forfeiting double the value of such tobacco, tobacco (talks, spani/b, tobacco (talks for tobacco fidt flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, respectivtlr, landed or put on shore contrary to the true intent and tfleaning hereof; and all such tobacco, tobacco (talks, spani/b, tobacco (talks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flbor, and snuff, respectively, together with the calks and padhta^rt spectively containing the lame, shall be forfeited, and ffiau and may be ieized by any officer or officers of the customs or exdft

CLII And be it further enacted. That if any officer or officers of excise shall have cause to fufpelt that any tobacco, tobacco (talks, spani/b, tobacco (ta)ks for tobacco stalk flour, fault work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, which shall have beta imported contrary to the direltions of this act, or shall be forf&el by this or any other alt or alb of parliament now in forced or hereafter to be made, shall be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed in any place or places whatsoever, then, ahd in fbctrcafc, if such place or places shall be within the cities of or jvtjiminster, or within the limits of the chief office oferdfc in London, upon oath made by such officer or officers berate the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, orxnr two or moret>f them, or in case such place shall be in any pthbr part of Great Britian, upon oath made by such officer or officers, before one or morejusticeur justices of the peace for the riding, division, or place, where such officer or officers shall /b(pa the same to b.c.. deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed wbidha

.fpc&ht

: ized by GOO^C

I7$9.J Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 68. 799

fpedkive oaths they the said commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them, and the justice or justices of the peace, reflectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer)) forth the ground, of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them, or the justice or justices of the peace respectively (as the case may require) before whom such oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant or warrants, under his and their respective hands and seals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, by day or by night, but if in the nighttime, in the presence of a eonstable, or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places, where he or they shall so suspect such to bacco, tobacco stalks, Spanijby tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco (talk flour, or snuff, to be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, and snuff, respectively, which he or they shall then and there find so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited, together with the hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and packages whatsoever containing,

: he same; and if.any person or persons whatsoever shall let, ob andpersona [trudt, or hinder any such officer or officers so authorised or im obstructing powered, or any other person or persons acting in his or their to. far ned or assistance, in the execution of such warrant, from enter rcl 100 # ng any such place Or places where such officer or officers shall so suspect such tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco stalks: tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, o be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or rarrying away the same, or the hogsheads, casks, chests, rases.

Dr packages containing the same, or in the due execution of any uch warrant, the person and persons so dffending shall for each tnd every such offence several ly forfeit the sum of one hundred Dounds.

CLIV And be it further enacted, That no person whatfo Nomanufsever, being a manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco or snuff, or turer, etc. or vho is or shall be in any wise interested or concerned in rade or business of martufadturing or dealing in tobacco pr aiamaailtrse huff, shall, during such time as he, (he, or they, shall be foin; n theexecu erected or concerned In the trade or business of ipanufadturing tion of any r dealing in tobacco or snuff, act as a justice of the peace in aftrelativeto ny matter or thing whatsoever, which thall in any wise con to°acco*ctc' ern the execution of the powers or authorities given or grant d by this or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the onupencement of this act, relating to tobacco, tobacco (talks, or nuff; and if any person or persons shall, contrary to the true itent and meaning of this act, presume to exercise any such owers or authorities, or do any act hereby authorised to be lone by any justice or justices of the peace, all such acts so executed or done by such person or persons shall be utterly null nd void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

8oo Anno vkeflaw bono g*gju>ii TO c.fll» I

Thumb cut CLV And be it further enacted, That idl thm^«^ % i I tob'cdmeed ^*DS ant*tw'^ or P's tail tobacco, Audi b deemoi sotafeea I rou tobacco, to be roll tobacco withm the meaning of this act; that^vn ] etc.*bycco fmalls lifted from (bort cut tobacco, and (hagmhato^ | and a returns of sjxm/b, shall be deemed and ratal tote tv i turns of tobacco within the meaning of tbtsa&j that ab had lifted from tobacco fmalls shall be deemed and taken to be bacco sand within the meaning of this act; that all robaocofidtos flattened and cut into what is commonly called Spssifa Ad be deemed and taken to be Spgaijb within the meaning of ita aft; that all tobacco (talks dripped or taken from the leaf, slab be deemed and taken to be tobacco stalks within the maarriag of this act; and that all tobacco dalks prepared or laid doers for being manufactured or made into tobacco (talk slow, (tat be deemed and taken to be tobacco stalks for tobacco talk fleer Wbofball be within the meaning of this act: and also, that all and every o ta an p*rtas who shall manufacture tobacco, tobacco tab, and dealer, w returns of tobacco, or who shall manufacture oc flatten ta " tobacco (talks, or cut any tobacco (talks into what is commonly called Spanish, shall be deemed and taken to be a manufeawtr or manufacturers of tobacco within the meaning of this act; that all and every person and perfoos who shall grind or asm* fafture any tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, or (auff, (Mb deemed and taken. t9 he a manufrflurer or manufa&amiet snuff within the meaning of this act; that all and every pwfcn and persons who shall fe any tobacco, tobacco (talk Wr* of tobacco, or any tob?ccp (talks flattened, or any tobacco flaiu cut into what Is commonly called $p#n&y shall too dnsmsfl mi taken to be a dealer or dealers in tobacco within dm sacutaga this act; and that all and every person or perform wbofhal M any tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, or (buff, ihah bo dmmtd and taken to be a dealer or dealers in snuff within the mmntag, of this act.

ftowpcntom CLVL And be it further enased, That all fines, petwta, are tote bird atlfl forfeitures created pr imposed by tbit ad, and which fltall for, and vbat be. Cued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the order at psr share are to mission of the cooihoj(boners of the custome in. Sngiati ml be paid the s(etlqa<i rqspectively, or by any officer os officers of tbecaflow,

ompers. ihajl and may (where npt otherwise directed by this act) be 1*1 for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in such mow*. aal by such ways, means, and methods, as any fines or peaatob incurred, or any goods or vessels forfeited, for any efface agaiofl the laws of custams, may now legally be seed for, of» fecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or oficcffcf the customsconcerned in any such feizauesor proftrwtiamifljtal ( where not otherwise directed by this act), be e rustled w apd» cpive such share of the produce arising ftontbelfimrfe aofley are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of fefaisetfer unlawful importation, and (where not otherwise difedfaktelfc* aft) to such share of the produce arising from any ptewaoty penalty or compofltion paid for any offence against tint affi.at

*; % ] Anno ^cisimo norid Georgii III C 68. 801

thejhare aoiwby arty Ww or regulation entitled to upon prafc custons for pecuniary penalties.

CLVII And be it further enacted, That all penalties and Hwpcnaltiea forfeitures imposed by this or any other act crafts of parliament in force at the commencement of this act, relating to tobacco, for, and bow tobieoo (talks, tobacco (talk floury and filuff, or either of them, applied, arid which shall bd prosecuted or (ued for by order of the coni mifboners of excite in England Or Scotland respectively, or by any officer or officers of excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, dr irtidgated, by any law or laws of excite, or by action of debt, ( bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty courts of record at ififiminfltly of in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; drid that ofte mbidty of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, not otherwise directed by this act, shall be to his Majhfiy, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him,

Mr, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

citvlii. And be it further enacted, That all the moneys Duties to be ftrifihg by the duties by this act imposed (the necessary charges canj[cd to the rf raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time fund/ldatcu to time be paid into the receipt of his majtfiy's exchequer at Wifitttiftjteri and the said money so paid into the said receipt of rxobequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the bid fimd called Tbt Confahdatid Fund.

GLIX. And be h further enacted, That in case any tobacco tobaccojm hatu have been imported into this kingdom on or before the pdsted, fiut enth day of October orie thousand seven hundred and eighty arrd tobacco fine and tfhich (nail not have been entered at the custom house entered but ft the port of importation, or any tobacco which may have been not ware ntered, and the pfdper duties payable thereon secured by bond, «

greeamy to the hws m force at or immediately before the 5

enth day of Oftobtr orie ^houfand seven hundred and eighty the duties >ine, but which shall not have been lodged in the warehouses imposed by ppoiotfed for the purpose of securing such tobacco, all such to this act, etc. acco (hats be considered as having been imported after the jnfh day of Otlober orie thousand seven hundred and eighty irie, afrid such tobacco shall be liable to such and the like duties, rid entitled to such and the like drawbacks, and no other, and ibjeft to all arid every the rules, regulations, and restrictions ains penalties, arid forfeitures, to which tobacco is respectively ibjeft and liable by virtue of this act; and in case the importer r importers, proprietor of proprietors, consignee or consignees, f any, such tobacco so imported as aforesaid, shall have secured Mt duties by b6rid, in riianner prescribed by law, such bond sail and may be djfcharged in like manner as bonds given for ibacco remaining in the warehouse are by this act directed to e discharged; any law, usage or custom to the contrary not ith Handing.

CI*X, An be it further enacted. That all bonds given for Bonds For to curing ttadutre* upon tofcrcco, which shall at the commence

Gag ji menthoused at the

wbct commence

802 Aoqo ykcsimo boro Georgii 1(1. Q s8; [xyi$.

ment of this jnent of this abe in any warehouse or nrardbaate* nrnwdtj t?becaft* fi«(f upon, or appointed by the said commufieners of the atf such toms or any fur or more l^cm9 to England (of the time

cates at the being, or by the said commissioners of the customs, or toy three commits or more of them, in Scotland for the time being, under and by ^i?j*u^?mi'v", rtuc of the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of therein lnau duet, ^his prcj cnt Majesty, shall be discharged and cancelled by the receiver-general and collectors of the customs, refpc&ndy,

having the custody of such bonds, upon such certificates as the said commissioners of the customs, or any four or more of them, n England, for the time being, and the commissioners of the customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland for the time being, shall respectively direct, being produced to and left with such receiver-general and collectors of the customs rcfpedivdy.

CLXI And whereat many persons % incurred heavy pecuniary penalties by reason of offences committed against the Urns fer'collecting and securing the duties an tobacco and snuff art deterred from renouncing their evil courses, through fear of bung discovered by some of their affociatesy and profecutedfor such pecuniary penalties and other per Cons are confined in ptifon for pecuniary penalties, mean sequence of their having been convicted of such offences, which they are unable to pay, and many, to avoid being profeevted or taken in execution for such pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, have withdraw themselves intoforeign partst end process of outlawry may have ifimd ogatnft same of them: and whereas it is expedient to extend a perdu and indemnity to persons under such circumstances: be it therefore No proiecu enacted, That no profeciition by bill, plaint, information, eg tion to be action of debt, shall be commenced for any pecuniary.penalty for^cuniary incurred by reason of any offence committed by any perfect or penalties for persons against any of the provisions of any act or u6ts for eol offences com lcdting or securing the duties on tobacco or snuff, committed mitted before before the twentieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and July ao, 1789. eighty nine, but that such pecuniary penalties shall be whofiy pardoned and released.

His Majesty'8 CLXIL And be it further enacted, That as to all pecuniary imltfea due penalties now due on any conviction heretofore had, or which or that may may become due inconsequence of profecytions now.carrying become due, on for any such pecuniary penalty or penalties, the same dull on profecu be pardoned and discharged, so far as regards his majesty's share carr8in°'on or mtereft on (*uch Penahy; and that all persons against whom discharged*any process of outlawry hath been foed out, for the matters andreverfal aforesaid, may be at liberty to apply, by motion, to the court

of outlawries ut of which such process issued, to let aside or reverse the may be ap same.

Thi aft not CLXIII Provided always, That nothing in this act conto

acquit, " tamed shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to

where penal acquit, release, or discharge any judgement or judgements,

ties have been where the moneys or other things recovered have been adhjrmlly

taken in exe or taken in execution before the commencement of this

cution before rv the corn*act.

mencement CLXIV And be it farther enacted. That if any person or of thi a att. persons

7893], amhcpvicesimo nono Georgii'lit C 68*863

yeribmmhfr (fall claim the benefit of this act shall, after such "^jp, »rlaitn, bring or commence or cause to be brought or com newced, ay action, plaint, information, brother profecutioning the benefit abatfoevtr, agarnft any officer of his majesty's navy, or any of of this act ker or officers of the customs orexcise, or other person or per against offi oarwho shall have aided or assisted any such officer or officers, n" thin or or concerning any act, matter, or thing done or committed doneinregatd y him, them, or any of them, on occasion of, or for, or by to matters eafon or means of any of the offences, frauds, mifflemeanors, hereby dif r other matters or things intended to bi released and discharged chargedt^be iy this act, such claim is and shall be deemed to be an absolute 1 UC

iifeharge and release to such officer and officers, and other per pleaded.

Tonne and persons respectively, of and from act and every such iftions, suits, and profccutions; and such officer and officers, ind other person and persons respectively, may plead the general flue, and give the special matter in evidence; and such officer tad officers, or other person and persons respectively, shall reaver his costs of suit against the person or persons lo bringing.

r commencing such action or prosecution.

CLXV Provided also. That this act, or anything herein Act not to rontained, shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to ex: end, to acquit, release, or discharge any person or' persons whatsoever from the payment of any customs, duties, or Turns due upon the money, due and owing to his Majesty from such person or lawfulim* persons, for or upon the lawful importation or entry of any to j^tlon of 3acco or snuff, nor to any debts or Turns of money due to hislobacco* C Vlajeliy, from any person or persons, upon any bond, obligation,

^rqther contrast or agreement whatsoever, touching orcon: erning the lawful importing or landing any tobacco or snuff, or the customs or other duties due and payable for the same, nor to any bonds given or entered into for the exportation of any tobacco or snuff from this kingdom to foreign parts, and to pre /eut'the relanding of the same in this kingdom; nor to any bonds given for landing any tobacco or snuff coastwise within this kingdom; nor to any bond or obligation given by any osier or officers of his majesty's navy, or of the customs or Cxcise, to his Majesty, or any of his predecessors, or to any other per tonne or persons for the use of or in trust for his said Majesty, or his predecessors; nor to any debts, dues, or demands due or jvring to his said Majesty, for or in respect of any sum or Turns d( money by him, or any of his royal predecessors, at any time paid upon any debenture or debentures, certificate or certificates, where any such debenture or debentures, or certificate or cet was or were wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where the same debenture or debentures afterwards became void by any relamling of the goods therein mentioned, or by any other way or means whatsoever; nor to any other debts, dues, pr demands, for or in respect of the customs, excise, and other duties chargeable on any tobacco or snuff, concerning which there is any sftion, information, suit, or prosecution now dje*

y pending

1

: 8d4 Arinavtasimo hobo'qbokobih£ (il

- in any 4f bk majlfly's ooorao at«ftb

where.

Compofiriont CLXVI Provided alfe, That ttt pertows who haw aha. £fn^e* pounded with, or agreed or offirrsd to pay aflf fan of rtioeey k made my of competition or chargee to hit Majdqr, or M the m*coomtiffionars of hie majesty's treasury, or to the eeaiaifilhn

of the custems for ihetimc being, on hie mejwfty's bahdf, far or in respect of any of the abovementioned offence, or for the forfeitures or penalties aiding thereby, Anil make good compositions, agreements, stud offers as have been by them»spectively made, or in dchtll thereof all and every facb perfao shall be excluded and deprived of end from dll benefit and advantage of ilia ad.

This act may CLXVI And be it further enacted, Thu arty pufan sr ^rp*eaded 'n per ions may plead this eft for his or their dtfrharg*, of or fa aey thing anything that is by virtue of this act purtfanad, diftharge^ o: hereby par granted, or shall and may apply for fitch efffeharg* in ofhmmrr doded. way, by motion to the court of dxtbanner, Wtvicfa coin Act make such order touehkig the staying or difcltargff of ray soil, or of any perfoo imprisoned by rcafoct thereof, aoaatte said court shall (eem meet.

Perfoes who CLX VIII Provided always, and bo ir further enacted, That have brought yj and every perfim and pevfons who shall thfcc, - rieeftue, or k offists*to«"M any benefit or advantage by vtrrdo of eh hhhmhih Icrfethe feme", aforesaid, either by pleading or tafiftirig on th fate brim before they court of juflica, r before any of the kurearof tftkdtekdf ea claim the be. dwaaer, in a fammary way or otherwhe, and whofteth er ftd sent of this he, (he, or they shan claim though benefit of this preahtttfi)

have brought, commenced, or peofecatod any afihuy plwot, or infer motion, indiftmena, or other ptofoeutiett whmfaertr, egainst any officer or officers of bio Majesty'e nary, or of the custorus or encue, or against any perfoo or perfdrts who aab or may have been aiding or affiiling to any suck officer or officers, faro concerning any matter, oause, or thing done or cofaamtd by any such officer or officers, or by any person or personv aiding or assisting him, them, or any of them, on oceifiocr, or for, or by reason or means of any of. the offence, trefjpfafim, firamk, mifdemcano**, or Other matters or things by this act hhhfa to be released and difehorged, shall, before mil tew hebe, or they shall be admitted to make such plan as tforefiid, or is take any benefit or advantage of this act, absolutely rcfeifc ml discharge such action or aftione, disconmmm and eaofif to he fthved all proceedings m all ami every fetch information, in di&ments, and other profecutioa and profocotfato# ttfptfikl} brought or Commenced as aforesaid.

Duties and CLXIX And be it further eaafted. That the feheral dorks

drawbacks of of customs by this act imposed, and the fcveraf drawback of the der thjsaft1* dotiea of custema by this act charged, and thrfewrrfdrwbkb except where of the duties of curtaam by this act ailowed^ fhftl (teept where hereby alter any alteration is otprytsly made b tkfr aft) be rifpeftfady

managed,

7?9-0 Anno viofim* opao ^wtoii Hlrfcfife 80$

nanaaed, ascertained, raised, levied colkded, recovered, an ed.to be mi werco, paid, and allowed in such and the like manner, andlm nd

by any or either of the means, waya, or methods by which ^metc. were be duties of customs upon tobacco or snuff respectively, and managed, etc, drawbacks of duties of customs upon tobacco, by this act re pedively repealed, were or ought to be managed, ascertained, aifed, levied, collided, recovered, answered, paid^and allowed t ind that all tobacco and fauff lefpefldvely, far or in respect whereof any duty of customs is by this act impefod, and all to mcqo for or in respect whereof any drawback of the .duty of ruftocss is by this act allowed, shall be, and the same are hereby Bade fubjod and liable (except whese any alteration is cxpreftly Bade by this act) to all and every the conditions, rules, regm atism, reftiidions, provisions, and forfeitures refpediyely, to nrhioh goods, wares, or merchsndtfe in general were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force at. and im bodiately upon the commencement of this act, receding the evenueof customs; and all and every fine, penalty, or forfeiture rf any nature or kind whatsoever, far any offence whatsoever committed agaioft, or in breach of any ad or ad»of parliament In force at and immediately before the commencement of this act, made far securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and' the feverii powers, diroe tiona, elauses, matters, and things therein contained (unlefa where exprrssly altered by this act), shall, and the same arc hereby respectively directed and declared te extend to, and the same rdpeduvelyfhsjl be applied, pmdifed, and put in emeu* tion, 'far and in respect of the said duties of customs by this act impefcd, and drawbacks of dtiticaof customs by. this act granted, iues fall and ample manner, to all intents and purpefirs whatsoever, as if ail and every the said acts, elauses, conditions, rules, regulations, reftiidions, provisions, powers, dimdiens, fines, pains, penakim, forfeitures, matters, and things respectively, wens particularly repeated and retracted in the body of tins ad.

GLXX. And be h further enacted, That all and every the The powers powers, disediens, rules, pen aides, forfeitures, chutes, matters, of i Car, sod things, which in and by an act, made in the. twelfth yjnr wither °* of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An ftr |a, refpea. tating avtty the eemt. of wards end liveries. a tenures in Gapite, ingtheexrisk,

and if Anights fervieeandpttrveyance, . and/or settling a revenue except where

tie Aiajeftj m lien thereof, or by any other law now in. force re j)*ret^}t'r* fating to his mtfefty's revenue of excise, are provided and ^ jn" eftafcduhed for. managing, taking, levying, coueding, mitigating, levying the or recovering, adjudging, or afaertaining. the duties thereby excise duties granted, or say of them, (other than in such cases for which other j'.

penalties or provisions aaemsde and prefetibed by this act) (hatt^*ctc* be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the mo naging, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and payings the excifa duties by this act imposed, and foe preventing, dgtfabbg, and autufbing frauds relating thereto, as folly and

effectually.

9o 6 Anno vicefirrto nonogegrgil Hi. c.68. [178^

effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if ah and rtoy the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, dnfa, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re coa i this present act.

CLXXI Add fae it further enacted, That an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King M Geo. a. George the Second, entitled, act for the more

the duties upon tobacco', to much of another act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said late majesty King and so much George the Second, intituled, An act for the mere of so Geo. a. venting the fraudulent removal of, by land and by water, cud

c', J for the case of the fair trader in tobacco; and for efcerteuing tin

rates payable for the portage of certain letters; far amending and

explaining the laws relating to though safe of fpiriheans Bquors by mil, as relates to tobacco, tobacco (talks, or feoff; so much of another act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his and ofaj Geo. present Majesty, intituled, An act an act, made ike

S .1*' tsanty fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, entitled, tobacco', o An act for the more effcftual feeuring the duties upon tobacco; kacco (talks, to prohibit the importation of currants into Great Britam m or snuff; final! packages; to repeal such part of the proviso in an add the eighteenth year of the reign of Ms present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish wines, and other wines (except Atai wines) to be imported in iinall calks for private use; and for taking off the inland duty payable upon the importation of coconuts into this kingdom, upon the exportation' thft£of s merchandise, as relates to tobacco, tobacco (talks, or (huff; another act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of'his asatfoiygeo. present majeay, entitled,

3. C 81. payable on tobacco; and another act, made in ttie twemyftfk ands6geo.j. year of his present majesty**reign, intituled, An off far tie mm K tffefinally preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, and far At

cept in re'fpect tafl f fa, rtrader, for discontinuing payment m

of duties bends before due, and ejlabli/bmg to be paid upon

thereby im the growth of the British plantations and the unitedfates of America; p°fc4* (other than and except in respect of any duty or duties imposed

under or by. virtue of the said act or acts, or any or either of them), shall'be, 'and the same are hereby, from and after the commencement of (his aft, repealed, limitation CLXXII And be it further enacted by the authority afore t actions. said, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for anything by him, ber, or then done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such action or fife shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall or mayptesd General issue. the general issue, and give this act and the (pedal tnatterj&r evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon; and if afterwards'a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plate tiff or plaintiffs shall discontioue his, her, or. their nftsoo or ?ft*ons, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall bo'given agmeft

him.

t] Aq*0 yicefinao nono Georgii III C 69, 70. so$r

her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant ordcfendants shall have treble costs awarded to him. Treble costs her, or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs

CLXXIII And be it further enacted, That this act shall com? commence nence nd take efsect, as to all such matters and things therein

rontained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the tenth lay of Ottikr one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

CAP. LXIX

An act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the highways, streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the town and liberty of Faverlham, in the county of Kent, and alo certain places near or adjoining thereto; and for. removing and preventing incroachments, dbftrufuons, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

uommissioners, the knights of the shire, the mayor, jurats, and common council of the town of Favertham, and too others resident in the 'own, and when reduced to 30, others may be chosen, having iol. per inn. within the town, or 400i. real or personal eft ate.. Commissioners to defray their own expenses; and no aft valid, except at a meeting. Dooimimoners to make a rate, if the rent is not above 4i. per ann. jd. per pound. 5!, per ann. is. per pound, and above xs. yd. per pound, : he owner and tenant to pay each a moiety. Commissioners to rate landlords for their portion of rates, where the tenants not charged to poor's rates.*Oast for drying hops occupied for the season only to pay an annual iffeflnient. No arable, hop, or marsh ground to be rated. After money harrowed is paid off rates may be reduced. General highway a to remain in force. hfayor, jurats, and commonalty discharged from paving. Commissioners may borrow 4000i. which may be raised by annuities; not exceeding iol. per centum. Commissioners to fix limits of streets, and put up names, and houses may be numbered. Lamps to be setup. Power to appoint watchmen, who may apprehend xnalefa&on. Power to pur rhafc houses, etc. Actions to be brought in the name of the trtafyrer, ; lerk, or surveyor, or one or more of the commissioners. Appeal to the -e<ftans. The inhabitants may be Witnesses. Plaintiff not to recover litre temter'of amends. Proceedings not to be quaflied for want of: orm, Qr removable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions. Treble costs. Rights of the corporation reserved.

CAP. LXX

al for dividing and enclosing the open common fen and tags in the parish of Dunfton, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining and improving certain p^rts thereof; and also certain ipclofed lowlands in the fald parish, and in the parish of Metberingham, in the said comity.*'

9*

Three commissioners appointed. Two commissioners may execute this ia, and one adjourn meetings. Survey to be taken, and division made iceonding to the act. Private, roads to be repaired by proprietors of illotmtnts and owners of enclosed lands. Not above 3 acres for get ing materials for repair of roads. Entities, etc. to be vetted in the umiimflioners. Commissioners may let the herbage of the banks. Banks n Metheringham subject to the Witham tax. The lands dug up for >anks shall not be fuhjedt to acre tax to Witham commissioners whilst overflowed. Upon proprietors negiefting to cleanse ditches, etc. the neper officer may cajife itto be done, and distrain. The arrears of the Witham taxes for Buntton Fen are to be paid, according to the a.. ' Geo.

for

Anno Ttcttfitno nono gco&oii IH« C [1^9.

ft Oeo. s. C 31. comniaoocrt to make an award rntaia fit Mil after fruiting the allotment The award to be enrolled. Tkechatpa of draining are to be paid by the proprietors and owned: cei missionert 1mpowered to borrow 7000i. for embonktogw padbat proprietors fhau not be Charged whh more than joi.yoiat. An additional lax of tot. per acre may be ntfed for drafamgc^ by oodwief proprietors. Powers of commissiooers to cease upon eledbnt fchbet trances. Three trustees to be chosen for supportmg the Woctl at tfc end of every three years. Beery proprietor of fifty acres to bamavste in the choice of trustees. Annas] meetings of trafteca. Fortier asoi tax may be raised by consent of proprietors of xs. per acre. Tkuxt not to prejudice the works of The Wftham. Saving of amendrigtoh and general laving.

CAP. LXXI

An act for paving, lighting, deansing, watering, and watduag feefe streets and other publick places, within that part of the paii&mssht Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, which lies on the north ad feet! Hdes of the new road leading from Psddington to iaington, old Sommers Town, and is now actually leased to Jacob Leroax efipke, for building upon, or that may be hereafter leased for the like per pofej and for preventing nuifrnces and obstructions therein.

aio Commissioners, whereof 5 may ad. Qualification of comaifbaict, tool, per a no. in the parish of Pan eras or refideat therein, or i^ool perfooal estate, and not to hold any place of profit. at x6 Geo. j.p.74 lor Highgate turnpikes, repealed 10 far as it extends to probtt & paving, etc. and a footway to be made on each side the road, tint oa the north side 540 feet from the land of Charles lord Southampton, ^* ward to the land of the Skinners company and on the foath side is length 510 feet from the duke of Bedtoras private road, eaftnnd to the said Skinners company's land, and a drain of three feet, aid erodings of 7 feet wide. Rates not to exceed as. in the pound of the yearly rent of land and houses, upon the occupiers. Coamesoetsem j of rates, from March 15, 1789. An additional rate not exccetfinf 64. u'the pound of the yearly rent of houses, etc. may be laid on phoe* set paid; on the credit of which money may be borrowed by the cofettf* Goners; for which money annuities may be granted, not exceeau*#. xos. percent. Money borrowed to be lodged with a banker, and Shed by the coaroifroners for the purpose8 of this act. Surplus money, ifer payment of interest and annuities, to be applied towards paying offtk principal. Securities when amount to iooil to be paid off by lot. ff occupied premifet to pay only half rates. Lessees or tenants of hysh

let out in separate apartments liable to pay the rates, etc. Pubfick buildings, and dead walls to be rated as. in the pound, or 6d pe square yard. Unfiniihed houses to be rated 6d. per yard of groesi paved not more than % oo square yards in one place. Rates may bf demanded 60 days before the quarter day on which they become d The goods of persons quitting premises without paying rates may be & trained. Sheriffs taking goods in execution to pay the rates then (fix by the owners; not exceeding one year's rates, or the value of tie goods. Alt not to prevent lord Sommers, etc. from passing over de lands leased to Mr. Leroux, etc. nor to vest any person with pdra over the Brill Farm, etc. Act not to alter the articles of Aug. 4*1713, etc.

CAP. LXXII.

Am act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the borough of Andevbr, in the county of Southampton, to or near bridge, in the parish of Milibrook, in the said county.

seventy-three names of proprietors, incorporated. Their style. Ike company of proprietors of the Andcvor canal navigation. Camps?

impovmd

1 Ajuiq vicesimo opto g?omu Uh C jit

wed to mike i navigable cut from Andevor to Redbridge; and id bridges, etc. No pater to be talpcn from Pill hul Brook, or the rwcr Anton below Andevor Mill. Jfp more water to be taken tkorittr Anton, than will flow through a three loch pipe. For dog the water of John judd's mill. The fituation of the first lock atyaeds to the south of Fill HIM Brook, and between Grove Place tedmdm. Certain springs to the eastward not to be forced into anil. Bower to take levels. Limiting the ground to be taken, niffiooert to settle differences. For recovery of the purchase: from the company. No pits to be worked within o yards of the whthput content. Company of proprietors to contribute towards varfcs, not exceeding the fuja or 55, 000!.. No proprietor to have ban one, or more than thirty shares. The money to be divided 350 equal (bares. Power to raise 30, 000!. more. to, ooo1. part: of, by additional shares, and to, ooel. residue thereof, by mortgage, rietprs at a general aflerably. Subscribers of one 350th share deemed rietors; and may vote by proxies; and shall be entitled to give one for every iool. subscribed. Canal not to be begun till 10 percent, le subscription money is paid. Rates granted to the company of irictors, ad. a mile per tonne for the lading. The expenses of; hiag and measuring to be paid by the mailer of the barge if he s a raise account. The canal and the roads and ways open and free 11 persons on paying the rates. Dimensions of the vessels to be 8 feet id and 30 feet long, and draw no more than 31-9 inches water, and gated between 4 o'clock in the morning and xo in the evening. No el €0 pass locks without consent of proprietors, unless it pays after rate of a vessel of 15 too. Company required to make tunnels ins, etc. to prevent obstruction of watercourses. For keeping them epair* For preferring watering places for cattle. Towiqg paths to fenced from the adjoining lands. Convenient bridges or arches to be ic over the said canal. Bridges for the duchy estates. Company reined from erecting any mills on the canal, etc.' Owners of land not be restrained from ere&tng wharves, etc. within their manors. If such ners shall not, upon notice of the company intending to use such ds for building warehousee, etc. erect sufficient warehouses, etc. ireon^ the same may be done by the company. To pay riverage, and ike vie of lir Charles mill's wharf in Redbridge. Rates at sir Charles IIV wharf. For coals not landed, per chaldron, id. 1-9; other ods, xd.; coals landed 6d.; wheat, etc. per xo sacks, 3d.; oats and malt r xo quarters, 3d.; timber per load of 50 feet, is.; stone, bricks, etc. r Ion, 3s. For goods put into storehouse for a month, wheat, etc. 'per arter, 6d.; malt, etc. 3d.; sugar, tallow, soap, starch and tobacco per glhead, 8d.; vinegar, spirits, etc. per hogshead, 6d.; butter per sir n, id.; hemp per tonne, 36.; paper per tonne, is.; woollen rags for maire, per tonne, 3d.; other rags per tonne is.; other goods in the lame oportion. And for the use of cranes, to pay 3d. per tonne. If the owner

occupier of the wharf refuse to find proper conveniences the company ay take to the same, or erect other wharves. For ascertaining wharsage, 3d. per tonne. Weighing engines to be erected. Names of the matter

painted on the vessels. veitels may be raeafujred by the company, raduated figures to be painted on the vessels, denoting their weight anal not under the control of commissioners of sewers. Two plan lall be (igned by the speaker of the hpufc of commons. committion rs may nold special meetings, to ascertain damages. Company not opowered to erect any buildings but for the purposes of the navigation >wners of lands may. use pleasure boats, etc. The canal to be mcaftired, nd stones setup to ascertain the rates. Appeal to the quarter fcffiow. limitation of actions. General issue Treble cotta, nor compelling ae fobferibers to pay their fubferiptioa money.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. cy 3*74.; £*789.

CAP. LXXIII

An act for protecting andfocoring Umtot tofamad^riytiiiik dty of Bath, from injury by incroacbmc*tsa ad imoylineer, farm larging or rebuilding the prefcot pump rooms therefore wimsg certain streets, lanes, andpublick pafiages, nod for — altnycertds stw streets and pai&gc* to render Che approaches to the fold 1st bstfc,

springs, and pumpropms, more fofc and coowndions.

twenty-five commissioqera. and 5 to act. No order made by five feh be revoked, onlefii a greater number shah concur. Ctimmiffi — cri qualifications of the corporation, or to have tool, per m ar jood perfooal estate. Penalty on negfoft. Officers, etc. sot to take feet, Commissioners enabled to make openings, and empowered to treat for premife8. Incapacitated persons empowered to sell and convey. Allowing exchanges of premises mentioned in the schedulet. Where corporation or other persons are foiled of premifot, part only of which«wanted for the purpose of the act, they may retain the remainder, etc. i Owners not compellable to sell part of the premises. If parties caste? agree, a jury may be (ummoned* Jurymen may be challenged. vcnttc of jury, etc. to be final. If the commissioners do not puithafo wiita ten years; parties not obliged to folk Tolls tube collcded on the test? round Bath, and the produce to be applied for the purposes of bec Tolls. Coach with 4 wheels and 1 ors horfos, 3d.; a wheels ml r borfe, id.; horfos not drawing, X sd.; cattle per (core, yd.; iiccpai swine, sd. X s; on Sundays to pay doubly Ter — of the tofb, kook Monday after passing the act. For collecting the tolls by this act gnok. by the collectors at the present turnpikes. For evening got — toccfc the tolls by the act granted. Tolls may be collected at the tdrspie already erected if the. commissioners chase it. Tolls to be prid m once a day. Cpmmissioners may compouad for tolls for 3 yean. E: emption from tolls, horfos, etc. going and — turning fro nr plough, psfom I water, or carrying corn, meal, coals, cloth, wool, provifeons, or nt m terials, or poll letters, and voters at elections, or residents of Wak. and Widcombe. Tolls, may be reduced two thirds. Tolfa may k leased. For borrowing money, 05, 000!. Tolls and money btxrm: applied to improving the streets, etc. refill ifa. yd. ffiatl bepwfr stated portions by the corporation, to be applied towards the porpe* of this act. pool, shall he paid anooally by the corporation out of tfee: own estates, in discharge of the principal money to be borrowed m A credit of the tolls. The foveral payments to be made by the corpora? shall be without prejudice to the present creditors. To bnttd 5 no streets. For repairing the prefeot pomp rooms, or building new ere for making areas or void spaces round the baths and springs, and nfi the same in the corporation. That nothing ihali be done to prejetk the Kingston baths. Penalty on persons throwing things into the btr. si. for the first offence; and 4! second offence; and iol. third oflw Penalty on obstructing the execution of the act, yl. and not ttf# isr 40s. Appeal to quarter fcflmns. Proceedings not to be quitted U want of forxp, nor re — oveable by Certiorari. Limitation of actios: General issue. Treble costs.

CAP. LXXIV

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from ic to Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to join and com?, nicate with the Erewalh canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and av collateral cut from the said intended canal, at or hear Codnor Pis Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said county.

Company of proprietors, seventy eight in number, incorporated. tei' powers to lay out the canal. Houses, gardens, etc. not to be injure: Restrictions relative to taking water out of, the fiver t>erwent, ati\ »: 8 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, till the same hour on Sunday afreets.

1789.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 74.

be Whole water taken to be eqdal to dne twentieth port of the witer it Cromford Bridge. Power to take water from mines within one honfand yards of the canal. Nothirig to be done to the injury of the nil of sir Richard Arkwright. Sir Richard Arkwright to raiie a weir in the berwent, and niake an aqnedudt through his lands to convey pater to the canal. Expenses of raising the weir and making the aque lu to be born by the company. In default of sir Richard Arkwright's 'ailing the weir, and making the aquedod, the company to do it. Power o open the ftiuttles of the aquedudt from Mafton mill weir to Cromford Bridge, within an hour of the time aforesaid. No water to be taken rom Lea Brook above Mr. Nightingale's cotton mil). Mr. Nightingale mpowered to make cuts under the canal. Proprietors of fire engines to ift their Water into the canal. Limitation as to taking water from any 'ivulets which supply the Erewafb can&l,not more than 30 feet below: he summit of the intended canal. Breadth of canal, collateral cut, and owing paths, 16 yards broad. No building to be erected on the towing j>aths, except for the navigation. Commimonera for settling differences. Qualification of commissioners, no profit out of the navigation. Mines, rtc. reserved to lords of manors, or to other proprietors. Coal mines, tc. nbt td be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents to eat liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. Company to nake drains, etc. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the rompany. Proprietors to raise money among ft themselves, 46, 000!. Sach proprietor not to have less than one share, nor more than ten. The noney to be divided into fbares of iool. each. Proprietors to receive; 1. percent, till canal is finished. Subscribera to have a vote for cverjr share. Proprietors may raise an additional sum, if necessary. Power: o raise money by mortgage, fntereft of money borrowed to be paid n preference to dividends Affignces not to vote on account of having ent money. Each member of committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. General and special assemblies to consist of50 shares. Power to collect rates of tonnage. Rates. Coal, coak, lime, and lime tone, per tonne per mile, xd.; for iron, lead, minerals, marble, (tone, and imber* id.x a; goods from Erewafh canal not before specified, ad.; or coal crofting the river Amber, is. more; foods (except lime)' from Erewafh canal, 3d. more. Proportion of a mile to be taken as a mile, tc. Recovery of rates by distressed. Exemption from rates, dung, and nanme, (except coals) for huibandry, and gravel, etc. for roads. Rates n the Erewalh canal lessened on all articles, except coal and coak. Pain nt for wharfage. Power to alter the rates. Masters of boats to give in account in writing of particulars of lading. Quantity of tonnage, itc. ascertained, 50 feet of timber, a tonne; nine score pounds weight of ime stone deemed cwt.; six score pounds weight of ft one, coals and there goods deemed an cwt. If any difference concerning the weight, : ol!ectors may weigh vessels. Navigation to be free, on payment of rates. To prevent lock keepers, etc. giving any preference. Masters to put heir names on outside of their boats. Weight of the lading of vessel: o be marked, and vessels to be gauged. Masters or owners of boats an werable for damages. For fencing off towing paths, and making iridges, etc. In case company do not fence off the towing paths, and nake bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, etc. made by the company are infofficient, land owners may nake others. Company may cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the and owners expense. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to rommunicate with the canal and collateral cut. Lords of manors, and and owners, may erect warehouses, etc. on their lands. If not done within a limited time, company may build. Regulations as to private wharves. Committee to regulate the navigation. Canal not to be under: he power of commissioners of fewer. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, etc. in same proportiou as adjoining lands, etc. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to filbery reserved. Power for land owner to afe pleasure boats. To compel payment of subscriptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III C 75. [1789.

CAP. LXXV

An act for the better relief find employment of the po of Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberty of Westminster; for repairing the highways, regulating t1 watch, and patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lightia? moving and preventing nuisances and annoyances »ithm i streets and other public passages and places within the and for other purposes relating to the said parish.

Three or more governors and directors may act, and make «fii orders. One overseer to be appointed for each ward*the pink. Power to enlarge the infirmary, and build a chapel, and purrfafejteeri for employing the poor; and to borrow money for those pgfat io, cool. at interest, and 5 percent, yearly to be paid off, or by fikutio with or without benefit of funivorship. Power to hire places toeaffef the poor, and to keep the workhouse and other buildings in trpw Burial ground behind the workhoule not to be used as a pchlicfctami ground. Vestry may appoint surveyors of the highways. Kite lobe laid for the relief of the poor, and for repairing the highway. Vein to appoint beadles, watchmen, and patrols, and a committee fcrlfe management of them. Committee to appoint additional watchmea uj patrols. Rates to be laid for defraying the expenses of the beadles, t 6d. per pound rent. Expenses of erecting the watch house to be rri burfed out of the watch rate, and the expenses of erecting the wo. houfr, etc. to be paid out of the poor's rate. Vestry to appoint a 9'mittee for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets. Property cf pu ments veiled in committee. Committee to cause the streets to.ljei paired, clean fed, and lighted, and the garden in Hanover Square to'embellifbed. Contracts already made to be valid. Level or the dp ments in this and adjoining parities, at the juntlion, not to hesto without approbation of the respective committees of paving. Kras 0 streets to be put up, and houses and lamp irons numbered. Pronfiarj for paving, etc. extended to such part of Bond Street as is in St. jatesi parish. Vestry to make rates for paving, etc. Bond Street, Blcnbeiff Street, and part of Stafford and other streets, and for reducing fu, to pay off not less annually than6ool. nor more than roool. Deiiricon in the rates to be made up in the next succeeding year. Rates salt exceed the highest sum raised in any year within the i aft six years. Tn Cent fepurities for the money due to remain valid. Creditors wife paid by lot. Places exempted from the provisions of the adforpariq cleansing, and lighting, Berkeley Square, or Grofvcnor Square, gawlq 6 Geo 3. C 54. and 14 Geo. 3. C 5a. Piccadilly, between clargetsttr and Hyde Parke Corner, Park Lane, between Piccadilly and flcctft, Street, or to Oxford Street, or parts adjoining. Lord cameubrd'f kafc etc. to be rated to this parish. Carriages not to pass alone Msdda Street and Mill Street, for one hour before and an hour after dinv service, on Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday. Scarce gen h to i'weep dirt, etc. within ten feet distance of the common sewer. 1 cinders, etc. to be carried away, but by the feavengers, except for use of the owner. No hoards to be creeled without licence. tabling the hours of taking away night soil, 11 o'clock at night rd o'clock in the morning, from Michaelmas to ladyday, IX odea night and 4 o'clock in the morning the other part of the year. Dircdw for repairing pavement taken up on account of water pipes. Whetr u: pavement ie taken up, the place to be lighted in the night time. pa ment not sufficiently made good after repairing pipes, to be again tai up and re laid. Pavioura to water companies to send their names u>tk committee. Committee to be reimbursed expenses of pavement bro- -- water pipes. Those expenses or rela>ing pavement be ascertained on oath. Time limited for demanding Inch expend months. Officers to water companies may ir.sped books of commits Owners of empty house6 to pay one half rate. Veftvy may employee Tonnes to assist in making the rates. Notice to be given of hailing of nt

J; Anno vicesimo nono Georgii Ut. C 76, 77.

of houses let in separate apartments; etc. to be paid by owners \i€<n*fhba0fefc>rt houses to be paid by the landlord. Lands, etc; nte+fopip&\nxt*(x)br<tin£tf) the extent of the pavement, dd: per e yird^pw: 4 ml.'commencement and recovery of rates, froth to w pa quarterly Persons diflhtisfied with the rattsmay forrtttef; and if dissatisfied may appeal to the quarter oat f(^hlwdief«^ who may erre, bat (half not qeath the whole Vestry may re6hfy omhahnadn* the rates. Veftty to appoint a are, and collectors, and take security from their collectors, ^ispthlto the .qdarterfession#. Where juftfces may wire costa ip€ltaim, ^eymay: dite by whom the'same shall be paid; and if tffterffis'lhatt ite made upon the vestry cfcfk, be shall be reimburftd xparce*^ Vfcltrymeir, etc. "may act ts jtt&ices. Limitation of ao^Oeftftrat ifliie true Costs. Impoweritig the vestry to hold r meeting rrhere they think proper. If umber of reftrytnen to cow tt wpntfettag* of the rector, of curate, and One churchwarden and eight rymew. Vcftrymen may retign tfcehr* office; How chairmen of tiagsftiall be appointed. Commencement Wfthtfftr, Dec. 1, 17*9. ner acterepealed, 8 Geo. ». C ry. if Geo. i.ojpy^ mgeo.j. cupo, }eoi y C 85. so far as relates to the paruh bpst. George Hanover ate. Ekpences of the act. r

CAP. lxxvh

act fby rivfving certain powers granted by at act mide hi the tenth ear bf tfee^igjti of huprefefit Majesty, (entitled, An act for dividing ndjscjbfibg Uich of the open parts of the diftrfet called the Forest dktri^cfborcugh, in the bounty of York, as He whtrtu the tleveh tmftitfferjea thereof; and fr other ptorpofes therein mentioned^irtd of the fourteenth year of his majesty*s reign, for amending ifer'act; andfpr making the said two acts more effectual.

private act. no. 91.} 14 Geo. 3. Redttldf powers to make el .ricifaj of the power to tenants For lift' to borrow yot. per Rrcital tnatthecomfdiftionersexecuted theirgenera! Butler, Witligm Chippeqdale, John flintoff, and Thomas commtdipners.william Hill, and Richard Ridmrdfon, rer of exchange by parties |nterefted. Copyhold ex .t chold to be freehold, and so vice versa. Rectors, etc. ge lands, etc. Atthout licence. Tenants for life may bor nts as they dhbld have done under the former acts. To, Iritereft. pfqvifioii for establishing the outhoundarics of tapdl tying open to wastes of other places. Other parties cm foi

ftd to exchange for the better settling the boundaries.00 acres rtwax Harrowgate for the benefit of persons at the fpas. Certain to be iraifed therewith. Commissionera may make rules prevail hg'aftd punching abqres. For veiling a power to alter rules her th^kfithbrity df the corntnittioners shall cehfe. Orders to be filed: knafefobfou&h. Refirictions, fare only laying out the money. Ground s befhcfoftd' from the waste, land, etc. not to exceed aoo acres. Ap eklt4 he Quarter felfioris.

4; w cap. xxxvn.

in^aetfor continuing and making more effectual the acts, of parliament forwpetmbg, clean ling, repairing, and improving the harbour of South wold, in the county of Suffolk.

ogee. ic. 14. and go.geo. a. C 58. recited, and further continued or 30year*(except where hereby altered.) Commissioners, high Reward ad bailiffs of South wold, and the knights of the shire for the county, if Suffolk, and 15 others. Qualification of commissioners, 501. per inn. or spool, Two commitfioners may adjourn.. To pay their own apences. Chairman to have the calling vote. Commissioners. may get jubicca. Osiers taking fees to forfeit jol. From June4# 1789, the. H h h % n i duties

s13

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III c.78. [1789.

f > drift inipoled by theredltd thf dultctin^lsri^lc

*to4h4* act to be paid. Cofeimlfliolers to rate articles not fpepiuj intk schedule. Duties to be paid before departure of vessels fro the hr hour, etc. Double duties to be paid by foreign vrifets. Collectors nay admeasure vefteu. Tonnage to be ascertained, according to S Asar, giv No cooyuet to be made out till the duties be paid. q&er may distrain for the duties The duties are to be applied to repair the harbour. Commissioner may examine persons liable to the duties, apoa oath. Commissionert may lower the dotted, and raise them agan, ad may direct the mooring and ballafting of vessels, and prevent rocnad. menu. Account of reocipt* and payment to be fat«un«xfly., ; m com mi ffl oners may borrow money. Five commiflioseis niay act, aid none of their orders to be revoked, unless nine at a fuhfrqaent «eetic§ concur therein. Eleven commifljooer* may make bye lm. Appeal commufioner* may compound penalties and award lafamerv Ship belonging to South wold exempted from the duties for rcpaihagfrmr harbour. Proceeding not to be quaflied for want of turn, nor it movable by Certiorari. Tender of amends. Limitattoi of atm General tfne. tifcbkcofts. Bates as io ichedule.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for dividing, Inclosing, and draining, the open fields, top pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of West Haddlesey, Chapel Haddlesey, and East Haddlesey, and Temple Hurst, in the parish of Burkin, in the west riding of the county of York.

Three commissioners, Survey. Claim to be laid before the cook ftonen, to determine what part of certain estates is covered by note Allotment to the rector for tithes. Certain Unds to (je.fct rector as pert of hit auotaienu. compengitioa for tithes of old tab sores, where the proprietors have not foflident property is be incloied. Power to determine u hether certain eftites art fab^tt a modus, or to tithe rn kind. Allotment to lord Steffiekl forth! fial Allotment for getting done, etc. Allotment for the commas**iterf of oertaia parts of the lands. Allotment of the residue of tkcooiwr* Allotment of the residue of the fields, inland paftcfei. Povern make exchanges. Rector may lease his allot merit. Comniffioam '* make embankments, and set out roads, etc Not to dnm; tkbam of Selby canal, but to be a foreihoee of 5 yards, wide, and ttatastiniift one foot highj Future repair of the bantu to belong to Wijpan^ cockch and the trustces of John Sawyer. William cockelt, etc. nbt to enter s the land of others without proper notice. No (beep or attic to

be paftured io the allotments for seven years. Award When iockfo'fimfbed, all right of common to ceafc. Recovery of tithes, etc. da before making the award to George Alderfon thf rector. X era to direct the allowance for timber, etc. Increased rest to be p.s.', ', tenants for year the ad not to ailed any former chute spoote lands to be endorsed. Upon death of any rector, his reprefcitattai u' have a proportion of the rents pod profits to his death. Farmen qw ting their firms, their summer crops' to be subject to tytha: Tex; of the allotments to he exchanged, which before Were cofftbokl.to k deemed copyhold, and those before freehold to be deemed rreebo^ Comntiffioners to appoint'the course of husbandry. Allowance for crop growing at the time of the division. Former htdgertnay be coatimw flndofurcs to be made and preserved at the expense of the omen Rector'* allotment to be indofed at the general exprifc&^ffojhrty, mar mark and stake Aut their allotments, and guard their qaickib Gaps to be left In the fences. Rails may be let across the adjoin: ditches''the act to be paid by tfte owners. Rector not: bftfoi$ed?t* thtexpspees of ahead

Power to borrow money to*At the rate of 40*. per acre.

Allowance to the commissioners and surveyors. Commissioners to account. Appeal. Material rights saved. General saving.

[Indexes removed.]

