11. An act for the sale of the reversion and inheritance of the manor of Morley in the county of York, together with the term of 500 years therein, decreed to be sold for payment of debts, and also for exchanging a fee-farm rent of the coheirs of William late Marquess of Halt-faxy issuing out of part of Leiffield forest in Rutland/birey for a fee-farm rent of Daniel earl of Nottingham, issuing out of Harttngfordbury in Hertfordshirey and for settling the fame to such uses as the said fee-farm rent in Rutland/bire was settled.

12. An act for railing $ooo L portion out of several lands in Middlesex and Warwickshirey charged therewith (being the estate of the Right honourable Gilbert earl of Coventry) and for paying the fame to the lady Anne Coventry, his daughter, at her marriage, though the fame should be hefore her age of eighteen years.

13. An act for selling divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Warwick and Bedford, (late the estate of Sir Roger Burgoyney Bart, deceased) in trustees, for divers purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for discharging the manors and lordships of Bexwell and Tin-worth in the county of Norfolk from the several uses, trulls and estates thereof limited, in and by the marriage- settlement of Sir John Holland» Bart, with the lady Rebecca his wife * and for settling divers other manors, messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments of a greater value, and which lie more convenient in the fame county, in lieu thereof*.

15. An act for enabling Henry Lee the younger, alias Lee Warner, to make a jointure upon his marriage.

16. An act for uniting and consolidating the reftories, advowsons and parishes of Melton St. Mtny' % and Melton All Saints, in the diocese of Norwich in the county of Norfolk.

17. An act to amend several defects in an act of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of hie late majesty King William III. in-tituled, An act to enable Thomas Byde, Esq 5 an infant with the consent of his guardians and next rela-tions, to make a contrail for the buying in his mother's jointure; and to fell a small estate in Great Amwell in the county of Hertford ; and likewise for the securing and raising a portion for Barbara Byde, fpinjiery fifter of the said Thomas Byde, and for other purposes in the said all mentioned, and to enable the said Thomas Byde ter raise monies, and to make leases for the purposes in this present act men? tioned.

18. An act to enable William Booth % gent, to fell certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Chester^ for payment of the aebts of his brother, with whom and for which he (lands* bound; and for applying the surplus (if any) of the

a 2

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

money raised for such purpose, towards payment of his own proper debts.

19. An a<5k to enable the right honourable Charles lord IVeston and earl of Arran in the kingdom of Ireland, to take the oath of office, as matter of her Majesty's ordnance in the kingdom ot Ireland, before the barons of her Majesty's court of Exchequer at Westminster, and to qualify himself for the legal enjoyment of the said office.

20. An act for enabling Sir Charles Grejhamt bart. to rife the sum of five thousand pounds, and interest, and maintenance, for Elizabeth the daughter of his brother Sir Edward Gresham, bart. deceased; and to make provision for his younger children.

21- An act to enable Sir Edward Leighton, bart. to charge his estate

. with 4000/. (preferable to 6000/. already charged thereupon by his marriage-settlement) for the pur-

. poses therein mentioned.

*2. An a<5fc for sale of several lands and tenements of John Confable,

gent, in the parish of Ockley in the

county of Surrey, for payment of his debts, and for settling other lands in the fame county, of a better value, to the fame uses, in lieu thereof.

23. An act to enable John Harring-ton9 esq; and Dorothy his wife, and Charles Harrington, gent, son and heir apparent of the said John Har-rington, to fell the revernon of several messuages and tenements in

' Liverpool, in the county of Lan-cajleTy being the inheritance of the said Dorothy, for payment of their

■ debts, and settling an equivalent

upon the said Dorothy.

24. An atft to enable Symes Parry to change his name of Parry to Symes,

< according to the will of John Symes, esq; deceased.

** An act to naturalize Simon De-

fairy9 Peter Ribot, Peter Laffite> and others,

Anno 12 Anna9 Stat., 2 %

Cap. I. Tj'OR granting an aid to X1 her Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1714.

Cap. 2. For allowing a drawback upon the exportation of salt to be made use of for the curing of fish taken at North-seas9 or at If eland.

Cap. 3. For charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1714, and for the encouragement of the dittilling brandy from malted corn and cyder; and for making forth duplicates of Ex-chequer-bills, and lottery-tickets, loft, burnt, or destroyed; and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England, and others, to lend money upon South-Sea stock.

Cap. 4. For the better regulating the forces to be continued in her Majesty's service, and for the payment of the said forces, and of their quarters.

Cap. 5. For taking away the new additional duty of 30 /. per cent. ad valorem, impoted upon all books and prints imparted into Great Britain, by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of her present majesty Queen Anne.

Cap. 6. For taking away mortuaries within the dioceses of Bangor, Lan-daffy St. Davids and St. Afaph9 and giving a recompence therefore to the biftiops of the said respective dioceses; and for confirming several letters patents granted by her Majesty for perpetually annexing a prebend of Gloucester to the master-ship of Pembroke college in Oxford; and a prebend of Rochefer to the provoftship of Oriel college in Oxford i and a prebend of Norwich to 2 the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the masterftiip of Catharine-Hall in Cambridge.

Cap. 7. To prevent the growth of schism, and for the further security of the churches of England and Ireland, as by law established.

Cap. 8. For encouraging the tobacco-trade.

Cap. 9. For laying additional duties on soap and paper, and upon certain linens, (Uks, callicoes and ftuifs, and upon (larch and exported coals, and upon (lamp'd vellum, parchment and paper, and for railing 1,400,000/. by way of a lottery for her Majesty's supply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, sheep-skins, and lamb-(kins; and for diftribu-tion of 4000 /. due to the officers and seamen for gun-money; and to adjust the property of tickets in former lotteries; and touching certain shares of dock in the capital of the South-Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majesty.

Cap. 10. For raising the militia for the year 1714, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid ; and for rectifying a mistake in an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for the regulating the forces to be continued in her Majesty's service, and for payment of the /aidforces and their quarters.

Cap. 11. To prevent the lifting her Majesty's subjects to serve as Joldiers, without her Majesty's licence.

Cap. 12. For the better maintenance of the curates within the church of fingland, and for preventing any ec-cleliastical persons from buying the next avoidance of any church-preferment.

Cap. 13. To discharge and acquit the

. commissioners of equivalent for the sum of three hundred eighty pne tfiou&pd five hpndred nine

pounds fifteen shillings ten pence halfpenny, by them duly issued out of the sum of three hundred ninety eight thousand eighty five pounds ten shillings, whjch they received.

Cap. 14. Forrendring more effectual an act made in the third year of the reign of King James I. intituled, An act to prevent and avoid dangers which may grow by popish recufants\ and also one other act made in the first year of the reign of their late ma-jefties King lyiUiam and Queen Mary, intituled, An act to vejl in the two universities the presentations of benefices belonging to papifis; and for vesting in the lords of judiciary power to inflidl the fame punishments against jesuits, priests, and other trafficking papists, which the privy council of Scotland was impowered to do by an act passed in the parliament ot Scotland, intituled, An act for preventing the growth of Poperyf.

Cap. 15. For providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea.

Cap. 16. To reduce the rate of interest, without any prejudice to parliamentary securities.

Cap. 17. For the speedy and effectual preserving the navigation of the river of Thames, by (lopping the breach in the levels of Havering and Dagenham in the county of Essex 5 and for ascertaining the coal-mea~ sure.

Cap. 18. For the preserving all ships and goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on shore, or stranded upon the coasts of this kingdom, pr aqy other of her Majesty's dominions.

Cap. 19. To explain a clause In an act of parliament of the tenth year of her Majesty's reign, for laying several duties upon all soap ar>4 paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame \ and upon 0 $ <;W

A TABLE of the

chequered and striped linens imported; and upon certain silks, callicoes, linens and stuffs, printed, painted or stained; and upon several kinds of stampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed pamphlets and ad-vertisements, for raising the sum of i, 800,000/. by way of a lottery, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned; so far as the said act relates to lawns, canvas, buckrams, barras, and Silefta neckcloths.

Cap. 20. To explain and make more effectual an act passed in the tenth year of her Majesty's reign, for preventing abuses in making linen cloth, and regulating the lengths and breadths, and equal sorting of yam in each piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the fame.

Cpp. 21. To explain part of an act made in the seventh year of her Majesty's reign, (for enlarging the capital stock of the bank of England, and for railing* a further supply to her MajeAy, for the service of the year 1709) so far as the fame relates to unwrought incle, imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 22. To continue an act of the sixth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to enable her Ma-jejty to make leases and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of her dutchy ^Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

Cap. 23. For reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such rogues vagabonds, and sturdy beggars and vagrants, fending them whither they opght to be lent.

Private AEls.

Anno 12 Ann*,> St at. 2.

I. A N act for the building a new jCjL church or chapel of ease in

STATUTES,

Great Yarmouth in the county of * Norfolk, by a duty or imposition on all coals, culm and cinders, to be landed there.

2. An act for the repairing the highways between Shepard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdon-bill in the county of Wilts9 and other ruinous parts of highways thereunto adjacent.

3. An act for repairing the highway or road from the city of Worcestery to the borough of Droitwich in the county of Worcester.

4. An act for repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, in the county of Berks, and a certain place called Burnt-Field in the said county.

5. An act for sale of part of the estate of Joseph Olliver, gent, lying in the county of Devon, and city of J?m, for payment of his debts, and for making provision for maintenance and education of his daughter.

6. An act for making more effectual an act passed in the ninth year of her present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the highways between Dunstable and Hockley in the county ^Bedford.

7. An act for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough navigable.

8. An act for veiling the lease of the redtory of Chesterfield in the county of Derby, in trustees, to be sold for the payment of the debts of George Smithy esq; deceased, and for making provision for his daughter.

9. An act for the sale of the manor and barton of Widdicombey in the county of Devony comprised in the marriage-settlement of Walter Hele % gent, ahd Philippe his wife, and for raising and securing the sum of 1500/. for the benefit of the chilr dren of the said Walter and Phil-lippt.

10. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

10. An Act for upholding and repairing the bridges and highways in the county or Edinburgh.

11. An Act for sale of the estate of John Tregagle, esq; deceased, lying in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, for payment of debts, and making provision for his children.

12* An act to make partition of the manor of Cottingham, alias Cotting-bam-Sarum, in the county of York, between Richard Wynne, esq; and Sarah his wife, and John Barrington, esq.

13. An act for naturalizing Christian William Kirchoff.

*4. An act for repairing and amending the highways between the town or village of Tittenfor, and the mod northern part of Talk on the Hill in But-Lane in the county of Stafford.

15. An Act for making more effeAua! an Act passed in the 7th and 8th years of the reign of his late ma-'jesty King Wtuiam III. intituled, An act for ereBing of hospitals and

■ workhottfes in the city */Briftol, and for the netter employing and maintaining the poor thereof

16. An Act for the more effectual amending the highways leading from Royston in the county of Hertford, to Wansford-Bridge in the county of Huntingdon.

17. An Act for parting and enclosing two great open common fields, and a large open greenfward common down, lying and being in the manor and parish of Thorrnarton, alias Farmington, in the county of Glou-eefter, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for the rendring valid and effectual two several indentures of demise and mortgage, executed by Scroop, late lord viscount How, in the kingdom of Ireland, deceased, by virtue of a former aA of parliament, made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding some dcfeAs therein.

19. An Act for the sale of some out-parts of the estate of Simon Scroope, esq; in the counties of York and Nottingham, for payment of his debts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for the sale of certain messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, contained in the marriage-settlement of Francis'Cherry, gent, deceased, and Elizabeth his wife, and for the converting the fame into ready money for the benefit of his wife and children; and for the sale of divers other manors, messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, for the payment of the debts of the said Francis Cherry, and of the debts of William Cherry, esq; deceased, and other purposes in the said act mentioned.

21. An act for naturalizing Samuel Du Free.

22. An Act to enable the right honourable Rachel lady Kingfon, an infant, to make a lease of part of her jointure, notwithstanding her infancy.

23. An Act to enable the right honourable Richard earl of Bellamont, to fell certain lands in Ireland, for raising money to purchase the jointure of Lucy Anne countess dowager of Bellamont, and for paying her daughter's portion.

24. An sA for confirming a settlement made on the marriage of the now lord viscount Maffereen; and for better securing the jointure of his lady, and of Rachael vifcoun-tess dowager Maffereen; and for vesting in trustees certain lands and tithes in Ireland, to be sold for the purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for vesting in Frederick Hamilton, esq; certain lands and Hereditaments, in the kingdom of Ireland, purchased by him of the executors of Joseph line, esq; deceased, and for other purposes therein mentioned,

*4

ifo* tat

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

)6. An act to enable Sir Thomas Pen* dergajl, bart. an infant, to fell part of his estate lying in the county of Waterford in the kingdom of Ireland, for the payment of his father's debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

ft7. An act to impower the lord high treafurtr of Great Britain, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin of London, merchant, for such debts as he (lands bound for, as ftirety for Thomas Coleman, tobacco-merchant.

ft8. An act to impower the lord high-treasurer of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to compound with Robert Wife and his sureties, for such debts as he owes to her Majesty, of (lands bound for as surety for custoras of tobacco.

29. An act for diflolving the marriage of Francif Loggin with Sarah Gardner, and to enable him to marry again.

30. An act to enable Ambrose Brown, esq; and others, to make sale of the manor of Bayham in the counties of Suffix and Kent, and to settle other lands and tenements in the county of Surrey, to the fame uses as the said manor of Bayham now (lands settled.

3* An act for veiling part of the estate of William Brown, an infant, lying in the parishes of Bridgewater, Northpetherton and Weston-Zoyland in the county of Somerset, in trustees, to be sold for payment of a mortgage, and other debts and legacies.

32. An act for sale of part of the e-(late late of Brereton Bourchier, esq; deceased, for payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for making effectual an agreement made by the commissioners for building fifty new churches with Jopn Walker, gfq;

for ground in the Strand to bui{4 one of the new churches upon.

34. An act for naturalizing James Ey-mer and others.

35. An act for naturalizing Daniel Burr.

Anno 1 Georgii I. Stat. 1.

Cap. 1. For the better support of ljis Majesty's houftiold and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

Cap. 2. For rectifying mistakes in the names of the commissioners for the land-tax for the year 1714. and for raising so much as is wanting to make up the sum of fourteen hundred thousand pounds, intended to be raised by a lottery for the publick service in the said year.

Cap. 3. To enable persons now rer siding in Great Britain, to take the oaths, and dp all other acts in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective places, offices and employments in Ireland.

Anno 1 Georgii I. Stat. 2.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1715.

Cap. 2. For charging and continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1715. and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, and lottery-tickets, loft, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lotr teries, and for making forth new orders in lieu of certain lottery-orders obliterated or defective; and for continuing certain duties on hops, until the first day of August

l71S-

(Cap. 3. For the better regulating the forces to be continued in his Ma-

jerty's

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

■ jetty'* service, and for the payment of the said forces, and of their quarters.

Cap. 4. To explain the alt made in the twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the Subject.

Cap. 5. For preventing tumults and riotous assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing rioters.

Cap. 6. For making perpetual an act of the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King IViUiam the third, intituled, An act that the jolemn affirmation and declaration of the people called Quakers, /ball be accepted injleqd of an oath in the usual form; and for explaining and enforcing the said act in relation to the payment of tithes and church rates; and for appointing the form of an affirmation to be taken by the fain people called Quakers, iqstead of the oath of abjuration.

Cap. 7. For continuing the imprisonment of Robert Blackburn, and others, for the horrid conspiracy to assassinate the person of his late (acred majesty King William the Third.

Cap. 8. To impower his Majesty to lecure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall fufpelt are con-spiring against his person and government.

Cap. 9. For the better preventing mutiny and desertion, by enforcing and making more efFeltual an act of this present parliament, intituled, An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in his Majesty's service, and for the payment of the said forces and their quarters.

Cap. io. For making more effectual her late Majesty's gracious intentions for augmenting the maiqte-

, pance of the poor clergy.

Cap. 11. To restrain all Waggon*!*, .carriers, and others, from drawing any carriage with more than five horses in length.

Cap. j2, For enlarging the fund of the governor and company of the bank of England, relating to Exchequer-bills; and for settling an additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds pep annum upon his Majesty during his life, for the service of the civil government; and for establtshing a certain fund of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, if} order to raise a sum not exceeding rfine hundred and ten thpufrnd pounds for the service of the publick, by sale of annuities, after the rate ot six pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and for satisfying an arrear for work and materials at Blenheim> incurred whilst that building was carried on at the expence of her late majesty Queen Anne of blefted memory; > and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 17. For the further security of his Majesty's person and government, ana the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late prin-cess Sophia, being protestants ; and for extinguifliing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and bia open and secret abettors.

Cap. 14. For making the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, more ufefol; and for o-bliging an annual account to be made of trophy- money.

Qap. 15. To make an all of the tenth year of her late Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating, improving and encouraging of the woollen manufacture of mixt or medly broad cloth, and for better payment of the poor employed therein, more efiellual for the benefit of trade in general; and also to render more effellual an all of the seventh year of her said Ma-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

jetty's reign, intituled, An act for the better ascertaining the lengths and breadths of woollen cloth made in the county of York.

Cap. 16. For the attainder of Henry viscount Bolingbroke of high treason, unless he shall render himself to juttice by a day certain therein mentioned.

Cap. 17. For the attainder of James duke of Ormond of high treason, unless he shall render himself to juttice by a day certain therein mentioned.

Cap. 18. For the better preventing rre(h fish taken by foreigners being imported into this kingdom; and for the preservation of the fry of fish; and for the giving leave to import lobsters and turbets in foreign bottoms ; and for the better preservation of salmon within fe-vcral rivers in that part of this kingdom called England.

Op« 19* For “raifing nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for publick services, by lale of annuities,

. after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament ; and to authorize a treaty concerning private rights claimed by the proprietors of the sugar-houses in Scotland.

Cap. 20. For encouraging all fuperi-ors, vassals, landlords and tenants jn Scotland, who do and shall continue in their duty and loyalty to his majesty King George; and for discouraging all superiors, vassals, landlords and tenants there, who bave been or shall be guilty of rebellious practices againtt his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent entails, tailzies and conveyances made there, for barring or excluding the effect of forfeitures that may have been, or shall be incurred there on any such account ; as also for calling any fu-fpedted person or persons, whose dlatcs or principal residence are in

Scotlandy to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find bail for their good behaviour ; and for the better disarming disaffected persons in Scotland.

Cap. 21. For enlarging the capital stock and yearly fund of the South-Sea company, and for supplying thereby eight hundred twenty two thousand thirty two pounds four shillings and eight pence, to publick uses; and fas* raising one hundred and sixty nine thousand pounds for the like uses, by sale of annuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several supplies granted to his Majesty.

Cap. 22. For enabling his Majesty to settle a revenue for supporting the dignity of her royal highness the princess, in case (he shall lurvive his royal highness the prince of fVaJes.

Cap. 23. For making provision for the ministers of the fifty new churches, which are to be built in and about the cities of London and fVestminster % and suburbs thereof; and for rebuilding and finishing the parish church of Saint Mary Woolnoth in the city of London.

Cap. 24. For appointing the commissioners to take, examine and date the debts due to the army.

Cap. 25. To prevent disturbances by teamen, and others ; and to preserve the (lores belonging to his Majest/s navy royal; and also for explaining an a<5l for the better preventing the imbezilment of his Majesty's (lores of war; and preventing cheats, frauds and abuses in paying seamens wages ; and for reviving and continuing an a<5l for the more effectual suppression of piracy.

Cap. 26. For continuing several laws therein mentioned, relating to coals, hemp and flax, Irish and Scotch linen, and the assize of bread; ^nd for giving power to adjourn

the

A TABLE of the

the quarter fdfions for the county of Anglefiay for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 27. For taking and dating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent in the the terms of the union; and for relief of the creditors of the publick in Scotlandy and the commissioners of the equivalent.

Cap. 28. r or repealing an act, intituled, An atI for repealing part of an act passed in the parliament of Scotland, intituled', Act for difenarging the yule-vacance.

Cap. 20. For allowing a time for two hundred and thirteen families of protestant Palatines, now settled in hrelaniy to take the oaths, in order to intitle them to all the benefits intended them by the act of the seventh year of ner late Majesty's reign, for naturalizing foreign pro* tenants.

Cap. 30. For continuing an act of this present fession of parliament, intituled, An act to impowtr his Majesty U fecurt and detain such perfins as his Majesty )ball Jujpeft are con-/firing agasnfi his perfin and government.

Cap. 31. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1716.

Cep. 32. To attaint John earl of Marry William Murrajy esq; commonly called marquiss of Tullibardiney James earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummondy esq; commonly called lord Drusnmondy of high treason. Cap. 33. For the more easy and speeay trial of such persons as have levied or shall levy war against his Majesty.

Cap. 34.. For preventing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Cap. 35. To appoint a commissioner for taking, examining and dating the debts due to the army, in the

STATUTES.

room of Thomas Smithy esq; deceas-ed; and for continuing the former act until the tenth day of March 1716.

Cap. 36. For charging and continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1716. and for compelling several receivers to finifti ana clear their accounts; and for making duplicates of Exchequer-bills* lottery-tickets and orders, loft, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims to certain benefit tickets; and for allowing the charge of executing the lottery aft, for the service of the year 1710; and for recovering monies of leve-ral land-taxes, retting in the hands of collectors or constables at St. Albans ; and for preventing frauds iQ the duties upon soap; and for limit* ing a time for persons who have certain annuities for life or lives, to demand the payments thereupon at the Exchequer; and for preventing frauds in the duties relating to printed and painted paper, callicoes and other things therein mentioned.

Cap. 37. To enable his Majesty to grant the regalities and lands now remaining in the crown in North Wales, and South Wales, and county of Cheftery to his royal highness the prince of Wales in such manner and form as the principality of Wales and earldom of Chcjier have formerly beer* granted to the princes of Wales; and also to enable his said royal highness to make leases of lands, parcel of his royal highness's dutchy of Cornwall or annexed to the fame.

Cap. 38. For enlarging the time of continuance of parliaments, ap* pointed by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of King William and Queen Marjy intituled, An act for the frequent meeting and calling of parliaments.

Cap. 39. To indemnify such persons^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

who have acted in defence of his Majesty's person and government, and for the preservation of the publick. peace of this kingdom, in and about the time of the late unnatural rebellion, from vexatious suits and prosecutions.

Cap. 40. For the free importation of cochineal, during the time therein limited.

Cap. 41. For giving liberty to persons who have served their appren-ticeftiips to any part of the woollen manufacture in Colchestery to work at their said trades, and at the making bays within the said town.

Cap. 42. For the attainder of George earl of Marijchall, William earl of Seaforthy James earl of Scuthefquey James earl of Panmuir, and others, of high treaibn, unless they shall render themselves to justice by a day certain therein mentioned. pap.43. To continue duties for encouraging the coinage-of money, and to charge the duties on Teona as a medicinal drug; and for the appropriating several supplies grant-t ed to his Majesty.

Cap. 44. For the continuing the duty of two pennies Scotsy or one sixth of a penny sterling, on ever pint of ale and beer that mall be vended or sold within the city of Glasgow and privileges thereof, for the benefit of the said city.

Cap. 45, For holding the assise for the county of Cornwall, at a convenient place within the said county. Cap. 46. To prevent the mischiefs by manufacturing leaves or other things to resemble tobacco, and the ajbufes in making and mixing of . snuff.

Cap. 47. For the more effedhial and exemplary punishment of such persons as shall leduce soldiers to desert, or who, being papists, shall fftlift themselves in his Majesty's

service in Great Britain or Irelandy or in the islands of Jersey or Guern-

fy-

Cap. 48. To encourage the planting of timber-trees, fruit-trees and other trees, for ornament, (helter or profit, and for the better preservation of the fame; and for the preventing the burning of woods.

Cap. 49. To revive and continue an act of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his late majesty king lVilliamy for repair of the piers of Bridlingtony alias Burlingtony in the east-riding of the county of York.

Cap. 50. For appointing commissioners to enquire of the estates of certain traitors, and of popish recu-(ants, and of estates given to super-ftitious uses, in order to raise money out of them severally for the use of the publick.

Cap. 51. For repealing so much of the act of the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of King Pf^ilUani the Third, intituled, An act for the farther limitation of the crowny and better securing the rights and liberties of the subjectSy as enadts, That no person, who should come to the possession of the crown, shall go out of the dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland^ without consent of parliament.

Cap. 52. For making the laws for repairing the highways more effecr tual.

Cap. 53. For the attainder of Thomas Forjler junior, esq; and William MackintoJhy esq; (commonly called brigadier Mackintojb) of high treason.

Cap. 54. For the more effectual securing the peace of the highlands in Scotland.

Cap. 55. To oblige papists to regi-fter their names and real estates.

Cap. 56. To disable any person from being chose a member of, or fronj fitting and voting in the house of ~ ‘ fOfnr

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

commons, who has any pension for any number of years from the crown.

Cap. 57. For better regulating hackney-coaches, carts, drays, carrs and waggons, within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for preventing mischiefs occasioned by the drivers riding upon such carts, drays, carrs and waggons.

Private Alls.

Anno 1 Georgii.

1. An act to impower the barons of the court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a commission to some persons in England, to administer to Henry Temple, esq; and Luke King, gentleman, the usual oaths for the due execution of their office of remembrancer of the court of Exchequer in Ireland.

2. An act to impower the barons of the court of Exchequer in Ireland\ to grant a commission to some of the barons of the court of Exchequer in England, to administer to Thomas Hopkins, esq; the usual oaths for the due execution of the office or offices of searcher, packer and gauger in the port of Dublin.

3. An act for settling the precedency of Robert marquiss of Lindsey, great chamberlain of England, when created a duke of Great Britain, and of such as shall succeed to the said honour.

4. An act for appointing persons to take care of the person and estate of John Digby, esq; eldest son and heir apparent of William lord Digby in the kingdom of Ireland.

5. An act for vesting in the warden and college of All-fouls in Oxford,

. and their successors, certain houses . and ground belonging to the parish . of St. Mary iq Oxford.

An act to impower the barons of the court of Exchequer in brtlanl %

to grant a commission to fonfe pero fons in Great Britain, to administer to Henry Temple, esq; the usual oaths for due execution of the of* lice of chief remembrancer of the court of Exchequer in Ireland.

7. An act for sale of part of the estate late of William BettSy gentleman, deceased, for discharging incumbrances thereupon; and for making good a settlement by him made of other part of his estate.

8. An act to enable trustees to grant leases of part of the lands, devised by the last will and testament of Thomas Trenchardy esq; deceased.

9. An act for relieving William Pater-sony esq; out of the equivalent-money, for what is due to him.

10. An act to naturalize Pierian Goe-belly merchant.

11. An act for naturalizing Hermatt Meyer.

12. An act for repairing the highways through the several parifttes of St. Michaely St. Albans, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge and South-Mimsy in the counties of Hertford and Mid* dlesex.

13. An act for confirming the sale of the reversion of the manor of Dor* rington9 by George earl of Cardigan, to Theopbtlus Sheltony esq; and his heirs.

14. An act for vesting in trustees part of the estate of Nicholas Fry, esq j deceased, for payment of his debts.

15. An act to enable the right honourable Henry earl of Recbejiery and William lord viscount Mount* joy in the kingdom of Ireland, to take the oaths of office for their respective offices in the said kingdom of Irelandy and to qualify themtelves in England for the legal enjoyment of their said offices^

16. An act for explaining an act made in the ninth year of the reign of King WtUiam the Third, intituled, An act for veiling part of the estate of Thomas ttmfon, esq; in

CjruJUev*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

trusteesyto be jhid for payment of debts, cud securing a jointure to Mary hie now wife; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act for veiling certain manors and lands in the counties of Devon and Kent, the estate of Sir William Courtenay, baronet* in trustees, and their heirs* to be sold* and with the money arising thereby to purchase other lands in the county of Devon, contiguous to the feat of his family* to be settled to the fame ufues.

18. An act to enable Sir Richard Wyncbe, baronet, and Humphrey Wynche, esq; only son and heir apparent of the said Sir Richard Wyncbe, to settle a jointure upon such woman as the said Humphrey Wynche shall marry.

19. An act to enable George Heneage, esq; to fell the reltory of North-Willingham, in the county of Lincoln, and some lands there, and for settling rent-charges of greater value in lieu thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act to enable Richard Lee, an infant, with the consent of trustees, to grant leases of some part of his estate, notwithstanding his minority,

21. An act for building and endowing a church upon the site of the cattle of Liverpool, held by a lease from the dutchy of Lancaster; and for the explaining a former alt for the building another church there.

22. An act for veiling the estate late of John Turner, esq ; deceased, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts.

23. An act for confirming a sale already made to Edmund Dummer, gentleman* of some oart, and for veiling other part of the estate of John Brmfitld, esq; in the county of Southampton, comprized in the articles made upon his marriage with Anne his wife, in trustees, to

jbie fold for the payment of hi9 debts; and for settling the remaining part thereof, as near as may be, to the intent of the said articles; and for making thereby, and by other means in the all mentioned, some provision for the said John Bromfield and Anne his wife and their issue.

24. An act to make the river Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the county of Berks.

25. An act for repairing and amending the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the county of Middle f ex.

26. An act to enable Richard lord viscount Rosse of the kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his nonage* to settle a jointure, on Mary

' viscountefs Rosse his wife, and make a settlement on his issue male* with provision for younger children, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for the relief of Anne Milner, Tlsomas Colmore, WUiam Hunt, William Parrott, and others, as to customs of goods, burnt or destroyed by the late fire in Thames-Street, London.

28. An act to enable Sir Hunger ford Hoskyns, baronet, to raise monies to discharge his brothers and lifters portions, and to settle a jointure on a wife.

29. An act to enable Robert Cope, esq $ to settle an additional jointure out of his estate on Elizabeth his now wife; and also to raise portions and maintenances for his daughters and younger children by her; and to enable those in remainder to do the fame.

30. An act for sale of part of the manor of Low-Laiton, in the county of Essex, and other lands there; and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of other lands in the county of Lincoln,-lobe settled to the fame uses as the

feid

A TABLE of the said part of the manor of Low-Lai ton is settled.

31. An act to naturalize Frederica countess of Holderness* Peter Gra-t>/Vr, Theodore Boucbur and Francis MaJJon.

g2. An act to naturalize Robert de Ulteger+ George Chrijiian Ltiders, and others.

33. An act for naturalizing Henry Cornelifeti.

34. An act for veiling the honour and ellate of John duke of Athol in James Murray, esq ; commonly called lord James Murray, after the death of the said duke.

35. An act for the naturalization of Frederick Guliker.

36. An act for naturalizing Gerrard Roeters.

37. An act for continuing and making more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of her late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the highway or road from the Stones-End in the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the county r/'Middlesex, to the farthermost part of the northern road in the parish of Endfield, in the fame county* next to the parish of Cheihunt in the county of Hertford.

38. An act to enable his royal highness George prince of Wales, to qualify himself in Great Britain for the legal enjoyment of the office of chancellor of the university of

^ Dublin in the kingdom of Ireland.

] 39* An act to enable Charles earl of

itSunderland, and Henry earl of Ro~ chester, to take in Great Britain the 4 oath of office as vice-treasurer and receiver general, and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

40. An act to enable Richard earl of Burlington and Cork, to take in England the oath of the office of bigp Usurer of Ireland, and to

STATUTES.

qualify himself here in England fcX Jhe legal enjoyment of the said of* lice.

41. An act for veiling several manors, messuages, lands, and heredita-ments late of Charles earl of Dorset and Middlesex, whereof James late duke of Ormond, at the time of his attainder, was seised, as surviving trustee named in the will of the said earj, in new truilces, and their. heirs, upon the fame trulls.

42. An act for explaining and mak* ing more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne* intituled, An act for making the chapelry of Stockton in the county of Durham, a dijlinft parish.

43. An act for naturalizing Cafper White.

44. An act for the more effectual reverting and making void the attainder of Charles earl of Macclesfield deceased.

45. An act to discharge Sir Alexander Rigby* knight, from his imprisonment, and veil his ellate and ef-feds in trustees for the benefit of his creditors.

46. An act for veiling certain lands and tenements of Peter Sunderland, esq; in trustees, to be sold for payment of debts charged thereon be-

fore the making of his marriage-settlement, and by virtue thereof.

47. An act to enable Thomas Proctor of Reck* in the county of Northumberland, esq; to raile the sum of four thousand pounds out of his ellate, for payment of his debts, and making provision for his younger children.

48. An act for naturalizing Ereng'ird Mtlofint, baroness of Sdmltnhtrg.

Anna 3 Getrgii L

Cap. 1. To enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit or restrain commerce with Sweden.

Cap. 2.

A TABLE of the statutes;

Cap. 2. For punishing mutiny and ‘ desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quar-

ters.

Cap. 3. For granting art aid to his Majesty by a land tax in Great Bri-tdirty \ox the service of the year

Cap. 4. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1717. and to authorize allowances to be made * to certain receivers , and to obviate si doubt concerning goods imported from the islands of Jtrfcy, Guernsey, Sark and Alderney \ and to ascertain the duties upon fhcep-skins and lamb-skins; and to prevent frauds in the duties upon starch $ and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders, loft, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lotteries ; and for preventing frauds in the duties on low-wines and ' spirits carried coastwise.

Cap. 5. For continuing the duty of two pennies ScotSy or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or sold within the city of Edin-hirghy and privileges thereof, for ' the benefit of the said city, and for * discontinuing the payment of the dues commonly called the petty-port customs at Edinburgh, during the continuance of this adh '

Cap. 6. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended Or fold within the town of Dumfries^ and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there.

Cap. 7. For redeeming the yearly nind of the South-Sea company (being after the rate of six pounds jer "Mm fer annum) and settling

on the said company a yearly fu'nd after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy redeemable by parliament; and to raise for an annuity or annuities at five pounds per centum per annum, any sum, not exceeding two millions, to be employed in lessening the national debts and incumbrances, and for making the said new yearly fund and annuities to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed.

Cap. 8. For redeeming several funds of the governor and company of the bank of England y pursuant to former provisoes of redemption; and for securing to them several new funds and allowances redeemable by parliament; and for obliging them to advance further sums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds, at five pounds per centumy as shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the national debts and incumbrances; and for continuing certain provisions made for the expends of his Majesty's civil government ; and for payment of annuities formerly purchased at the rate of five pounds per centum; and for other purposes in this act mentioned.

Cap. 9. For redeeming the duties and revenues which were settled to pay off* principal and interest on the orders made forth on four lottery-acts passed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty's reign; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excise, according to a former act in that behalf; and for e-stablishing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at several rates, to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but also to raise monies for such proprietors of the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

said orders as shall choose to be paid their principal and arrears of interest in ready money; and for making good such other deficiencies and payments as in this act are mentioned ; and for taking off the duties oh linseed imported, and British linfen exported.

Cap. io. For the better collecting and levying the revenue of the tenths or the clefgy.

Cap. ii. To explain and amend several laws therein mentioned for the better preservatihn of thegame.

Cap. 12. To impower commissioners in commifCons of bankrupts, iflfu-ed since the four and twentieth day of June 1706, and on or before the fix and twentieth day of June 1716, to make certificates for bankrupts, and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, commissioners of the great seal, or two judges, to oonfirm the fame, notwithstanding the acts of the fourth and fifth, and the fifth of Queen Anney are expired 5 and for continuing a clause in a former act for adjufiing accounts between bankrupts and their debtors.

Cap. 13. For the better regulating of pilots for conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and the isle of Tbanety up the rivers of Thames and Medway.

Cap. 14. To continue an act clothe nrft year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for taking andfating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by tOay of equivalents in the term* of the union; and for relief of the creditors of the pubhek, and the commissioners of the equivalent.

Cap. 15. For the better regulating the office of (heriffs, and for ascertaining their fees, and the fees for fume out their patents, and passing tneit accounts.

Cap. 16. For the better enabling (heriffs to sue out their patents, and pafc their accounts.

Cap. 17. To enable his Majesty to

V ojl. XIIL

appoint commissioners to take, examine, (late and determine the debts due to the army.

Cap. 18. For explaining an act paired the last fession of parliament, intituled, An act to oblige papists to re-gljler their names and real ejtates, and for enlarging the time for such registring, and for fediring purchases made by protestants.

Cap. 19; For the King's most gracious, general, and free pardon.

Cap. 20. To enlaigfc the time fof making claims before the commit-fidners appointed td inquire of the forfeited estates. : !.

Cap. 21. For continuing the liberty of exporting Irish linen doth to the Briti/b plahtations in America dutyfree ; and for the more effedhial discovery of and profecutrng such as shall unlawfully export wool gnd woollen manufacturees from Irebnd\ and for relief of John Fletchers in respect of the duty by him paid for 3 quantity of salt loft in the exportation for Ireland.

Private Alls.

Anno 3 Georgii. I.

1. An act for enlarging theMhne granted by an act passed in the eighth year of the rei^n of her late majesty Queen Anney intituled, An act for making a convenient deck or bason at Liverpool,/#- security of all ships trading to and from the fata port of Liverpool.

2. An act for naturalizing Isaac Kuyck van Mitrop.

3. An act for the preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham.

4. An act for repairing the highways from several places therein mentioned, leading towards Highgatt Gate-house and Hampfcais in the county of Middlesex 5 and for electing trustees for keeping up a fofti-

b CAWDX

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

cient number for the repairing the highways upon the roads from Highgate Gate-house to Barnet Blcck-house j and also of the highways between Kilburne Bridge and Sparrows Herne> in the county of Hertford.

5. An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of St. Mary Rother-bith in the county of Surrey (by certain funeral rates therein men-

. tioned) to iinifh the said parish church.

6. An act for settling the estates of the moil noble John duke of Rut-

. laqd, and John Mannerj, esq; commonly called marquiss of Granby, ion and beir apparent of the said duke, on the marriage of the said . marquiss of Granby with the honourable Bridget Sutton7 only child of the right honourable Robert lord ; Lexington, and Bridget Sutton therein mentioned, in trustees, to be sold for raising money for the mar-; rage portion of the said Bridget Staton. . f ; A _

7. An act for confiiming a partition lately made of the estate of Sir jfobn Brownloxve % bart. deceased, in the counties of Lincoln, Yorky Middlesex> and Hertford, remaining unfold,

and,articles of agreement relating thereunto) and also the several ' conveyances made of the divided p^rts.i and for making effectual a - fine and recovery intended to be „ levied and fuflfered. of a fee-farm . sent of twenty pounds per annum, part of the estate in the said county of Hertford.

8. An act to enable John Barrington^ I. alias ShtUe, e£q ; and his issue male,

to change their surname to Barrington, according to the settlement of Francis Barrington, esq; deceased.

9. An act to impower the barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a-cotnmission to some of the barons of the Exchequer in England, to

. administer to Thomas Hopkins, esq; . the oaths for the due execution of

the office or offices of searcher, packer and gauger in the port of the city of Dublin, granted to him for his life.

10. An. act to enable Susanna Catbe-rina Nugent, to sue for, recover, and hold the portion of fourteen hundred pounds, provided for her out of her father's estate, notwithstanding her coverture and the outlawry of her husband Hyacinthus Nugent, esq;

11. An act to enable Francis Fufordy esq; and his first and other sons successively, to put in execution the power of granting leases given by the last will and tetament of Francis Fulfordy esq; deceased.

12. An act for veiling an etate late of Sir Thomas Heathy knt. deceased, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts and other uses.

13. An act for redifyingdefeds in a settlement made by Robert Davisy esq; deceased, of certain estates in the counties of Denbigh and Flint, and effcdually securing the payment of his debts, and making provision for the younger children of Robert Davis his son, and settle-ing the said estates subject thereto.

14. An act for repairing the highways from that part of Counters Bridge which lies in the parish of Kenfmgton in the county or Middle* feXy to the powder mills in the

. road to Stainsy and to Cranford Bridge in the said county in the road to Colnebrooie.

15. An act for explaining and making more effectual the acts of the fifth and eighth years of her late majesty Queen Anney for amending the road between Hockley in the county of Bedford and Stony-Stratford in the county of Bucks.

16. An act for sale of part of the duke of Montague's estate, for the intents and purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act to enable Richard earl of

Scar*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Scarborough to take in Great Britain the oath of office as vice-treasurer and receiver general and pay-master general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the enjoyment of the said office.

x8. An act to enable his Majesty to make provision for the respective wives and children of Jama late earl of Southefque, James late lord Drummond^ the late Sir Hugh Pater-son of Bannockburn, and James Sterling late of Keir.

29. An act to enable his Majesty to make such provision for, and settlement upon, Margaret the wife of James late carl of Panmuir, as she would have been intituled to in case her said husband was naturally dead.

jo- An act to enable his Majesty to make provision for Margaret lady Naim and her children, out of her paternal estate, forfeited during the life of William Murray, late lord Nairn, her husband.

jr. An act for railing and paying the lady Amelia Butler's portion out of lands in Ireland.

22. An act for confirming a partition made between Robert Dajhwood, cfq; and Cholmley Turner) esq; of certain manors, lands and hereditaments in the county of Oxon.

23. An act for confirming an agreement made between John Wind) clerk, vicar of Thirkleby in the county of York) and Sir Thomas Frankland) bart. for exchange of the vicarage-house, and certain lands therein mentioned.

24. An act for sale of the estate of Thomas Middleton) esq; deceased, for the more speedy railing of maintenance-money, and portions for his daughters, and for the other purposes in the bill mentioned.

£5. An act to enable Edward Rolt, esq; to exchange a certain parcel of wood-lands in the county of

Hertford with John Botelerf esq; for other wood-lands of equal value in the said county, and for settling the fame respectively as therein mentioned.

26. An act for veiling an estate at Corflmm in IViltshire in the surviving trustee, and executor of the last will of Henry Frederic Tbytmei esq; deceased, and his heirs, to make sale thereof for the execution of the trusts created by his will.

27. An act to enable Roger Stafford> esq; and his issue male, to .change their surname to Wollocombt) according to the will of Roger Wollo* comfe) esq; deceased.

28. An act for sale of the estate of John Stone the elder, and John Stone the younger, in the county of SuJ-feX) for discharging the incumbrances thereon, in respect of the infancy of one of the coheirs of John Stone the younger, and for securing the reiidue of the money as therein is mentioned.

29. An act to enable William Newman, esq; to fell part of the estate included in his marriage-fettlemerit for payment of debts, and to settle another estate in lieu thereof.

30. An act for vesting in trustees the estate of Thomas Richmond, esq; deceased, in the county of Essex % to be sold for payment of his debts, legacies and funeral expences, according to the will of the said Thomas Richmond\

31. An act declaring the uses of two several fines levied by John Cuffe, esq; and Margaret nis wife, to Joseph Kelley) esq; deceased,. and Maurice Cuffe) esq; and the heirs of the said Joseph Kelley) of certain lands and tithes in the counties of Down and Cavan in the kingdom of Ireland.

32. An act to enable Patrick Wemyst esq; to fell certain houses in Dublin for payment of debts, and for the settling lands in the county of

b % K\U

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Kilkenny, and elsewhere, to the

' fame uses to which the houses to

be fold were settled.

33. An act to naturalize John Jacob Heldty Theodore Pan Rheden> and others.

Anno 4. Geofgii I.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his

Majesty, by a land-tax to be jraised

- in Great Britain, for the service of

the year 1718.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majesty to be governor of the South-Sea company.

Cap. ?. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry,‘for th£ service of the year 1718; and

* for making forth duplicates of Ex-

* chequer-bills, and lottery-tickets and orders, loft, burnt or setroyed; and for appropriating the sup-plics granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 4. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For finifhlng the tower of the parish church of St. Michael Cormnlly London, out of the duties arising pursuant to the act of the ninth year of the late Queen, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and IVeJl-tmnftery apd the suburbs thereof.

Cap. 6. For relief of the wholesale traders and dealers in Englifl) bone-

■ lace, by obviating several doubts in the several acts for licensing hawkers and pedlars.

Cap. 7. For making more effectual an act made in the eighth year of the reigtx of the late Queen Anney intituled, An act for employing the manufacturers by encouraging the consumption of raiv silk and Mohair yarn/

Cap. 8. For veiling the forfeited estates in Great Britain and Irelandy in trustees, to be sold for the use of

the public; and for giving relief to lawful creditors, by determining the claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers the rents and profits of the said estates, till fold.

Cap. 9. To appoint copiniiflioners to take, examine, state and determine the debts due to the army, and to examine and state the demands of several foreign princes and dates for tybfidies during the late war.

Cap. 10. For making the dividend of lubferibed lottery annuities, and, .other annuities established by several acts of parliament, payable half-yearly at the bank of England.

Cap. 11. For the farther preventing robbery, burglary and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons, and un7 lawful exporters of wool; and for declaring the law upon some points relating to pirates.

Cap. 12. For inforcing and making perpetual an act of the twelfth year of her late Majesty,, intituled, Ay. act for the preservk§ of all such ships and goods thereof \ which shall happen to be forced on Jhorey or Jlrandei upon the coajls of this kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's dominions; and for infiifting the punishment of death on such as shall wilfully burn or destroy ship^.

Cap. 13. For enlarging the term of years granted by the acts of the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the Third, and second and third years of Queen Anney for the repair of Dover harbour.

.Cap. *4. To impower the commissioners appointed to put in execution the act of the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty's reign, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Westminfiery and fublurbs thereof, to direct the parish church of St. Giles in the field} in '

A TABLE of the STATUTE®.

the county of Aftddlesex, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said fifty new churches.

Private Afis.

Amo 4 Georgii. I.

I. An act to enable George Bubby esq; and his issue male, to change their fumame to the surname of Doting-ton.

An act for naturalizing Abraham Boetefeur.

g. An act for the better explaining several acts therein mentioned, for prefting of hofoitals and work-houses within the city of Bristol, for the imploying and maintaining the poor thereof, and for making the said acts more effectual.

4. An act for amending the roads from the city of London, to the town of East-Grinfffad in the county of Suffix, and to the towns of Sutton and Kingston in the county of Surrey.

5. An act for repairing the highways

; leading from the stones-end of

Kent-Jlreet in the parish of St.

JGeorge*s Southwark in the county of Surrey, to the lime-kilns in East-Greenwich near Black-Heath, and to Lewijbam church, being the Tunbridge road, in the county of Kent.

6. An act for repairing the highways from Maidenhead-Bridge to Sunning-lane and (next to Twifprd) in the road to Reading, and ffom the said bridge to Henley Bridge in the county of Berks.

7. An act for repairing the highways from Crown Comer in the town of Reading (leading by and through the several parishes of Shinfield and HecHield in the several counties of Berks, Wilts andjSouthpmfton) to Bafingfloke in the* said county of

8. An act for settling the estates of the moll noble William duke of Devonshire, apd William Cavendish,

esq; commonly called aoarquifs of Hartington, Ton and heir apparent of the said duke, on the marriage of the said marquiss of Hartington, with Catherine Hoskins, fpiniter, only child of John Hoskins, esq; do? ceased.

9. An act to enable Henry duke of Kent. jan(J Anthony Grn, efq\ pom-monly caljed earl of HarroldJto make jointures for the wife or wives of t^e fa'uf carl of Hdrrold, and for other purposes therein mentioned. ‘

xo. An act for veiling the manor q£ EJher Watervile, and other lands therein mentioned, in the most noble Thomas Holies, duke of Newr caJUe, and his heirs, in consideration of rent-charges to be issuing out of the fame and other lands, in lieu thereof, to the use of the corporation of Kingston upon Thames in tl)e county of Surrey, in trust for the ppor of the said town.

11. At) act to enable Richard earl of Burlington to make leases of a piece of ground behind Burlington-house.

ia. An act for confirming die respective sales of a fee-farm rent, and divers lands, tenements and hereditaments in the county of Bedford^ lately made by the right honourable John lord Carterett, and Wil~ liam jtiilder/on, esq; to each other, and to di/ebarge the lame from divers estates, terms and trulls, to which they are respectively liable by several fettleihents made thereof.

13. An act for veiling the great tithes and glebe-lands belonging to the rectory of Saxby in the county of Leicester, in the right honourable Bfpnet lord. Harborough, and his heirs, in'lieu of other lands and an annuity, to be settled on the reftor of the said church, and his successors for ever, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

14. An act for sale of part of the e> fate of John late earl of Kildare, deceased, towards payment of his debts, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act for establilhing the dif-position of the personal efate of Sir Benjamin Badeceased, and the settlements on his three

' Ions under his will, and exchanging ground-rents in in

Jntdatfex for another rent of like ralue, and other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for the better enabling the honourable James Bertie, esq; toraife portions for his younger children.

17. An act for making more efiedual

certain articles of agreement between Sir Geerge Downing, baronet, and dame Mary, eldelt daughter of Sir William knt. and

her trustees.

xS. An act for confirming an agreement between dame Elizabeth Napier, Sir TheephihtsNapier, baronet,

Archibald Napier and Edward Napier, the relict and fons of Sir John Napier, deceased, touching his real and personal efate, for vetting his lands and hereditaments in the counties of Bedford and Hertford in trustees, for the better performance of the said agreement.

19. An act for vetting divers lands and tenements in the county of Suffix, part of the efate of Charles Eversfield,esq; in trustees, for a

present provision for his son, and for the payment of the debts of die said Charles Eversfield.

20. An act for sale of part of the estate late of Joseph esq ;

deceased, lying in the counties of Suffolk and Essex, for payment of his debts, and making provision for his infant children.

21. An act for the exonerating and discharging the manors, lands and hereditaments of Francis Cornwall, esq; and likewise the said Francis Cornwall, of and from certain articles of agreement made before the marriage of the said Francis Cornwall.

22. An act to enable Ralph

son, esq ; to make sale of his efate in StueUey Roger in the county of Ykrk, freed from the uses and trulls in the said Ralph Shipperdfon' % marriage-settlement, and to settle his efate at Eafi Morton in the county of Durham to the fame uses.

23. An act to enable the lords commissioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Mr- John Omty for the debt he Hands engagedror to the crown for the duties on tobacco.

24. An act to naturalize Peter Rosi, and others.

25. An act to naturalize Martin Ludolph, Ulrich Jansen, John Ludolph

SpeUerbergh, John and Laurence Gundeloab.

5The End of the TABLE.'

THE

STATUTES at Large,.&c.

Anno Regni ANN./E Regime Magna Britannia, Francia, & Hibernice,

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster the twenty-fifth day of November, Anno Dom. 1710. in the ninth year of the reign of our sovereign lady Anne, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. being the first session of this present parliament) and from thence continued by several prorogations to the seventh day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eleven; the

second session of this present parlj and front thence continued by several prorogations to the ninth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and thirteen (a) j being the third Jession of this present par- (a) intb*t+.

t* , ^ cord is added.

Itametlt. and continued

by several ad*'

journments till the sixteenth day of July in the twelfth year of her Majesty** reign.

CAP. I.

An act for granting an aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great-Bntain, for the fefvice of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, £ X P. as. in the petmd.

CAP. II.

An act for granting to her Majesty duties upon mum, continued an- '

cyder and perry, for the service of the year one seven hundred and thirteen \ and for making forth dupli- ty

cates of lottery tickets, loft, burnt, or destroyed-, and enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lottery sQ*o-*.*.* aSs cmd to punish the counterfeiting or forging of lottery orders , and for explaining a late act in relation to stamp duties on customary estates, which pass by deed and copy.

MOST gracious sovereign, vte your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons or Great Britain assembled in parliament, towards railing such supplies as are and Vox.. XIII. B may

Duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, from

to 14 June 1714, viz,

Malt made in England 6d. per bushel.

Anno duodecimo Annje. c. 2.

may be necessary to defray your Majesty's publick expences, do humbly present your Majesty with the gift of the several rates, duties, and ipapoUtions herein after mentioned; and do be* feech your Majesty that it may be enacted : and be it enacted by the Queen's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

_ . in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

to liTune7 * That there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and

o 11 unc fetisfied, unto and for the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and upon all malt, mum, cyder and perry, the several and respedHve rates, duties and impositions herein after mentioned; (that is to say) for every bushel of malt which at any or times, from and after the twenty-third day of June, one, thousand seven hundred and thirteen* and before the twenty-fourth day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be made of barley, or any other corn cur grain, within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales,, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any person or persons whatsoever, (whether the fame be or be not For sale) the sum of six pence, and so proportionably for a greater or letter quantity, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof respectively : for every bushel of malt which at any time or times, from and after the twepty-third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be made of barley, or any other com or grain, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any person or persons whatsoever, (whether the fame be or be not for sale) the sum of six pence, and so proportiQnably Jor a greater or letter quantity, to , * be also paid by the maker or makers thereof respectively: fos*

Wiinv jos. per every barrel of mum, which at any time or times, from and af-brffel. t.er the said twenty-third day of June one thousand seven hundred

and thirteen, and before the fata twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be made or imported within the said kingdom of Great Britain, the sum of ten shillings, over and above all present duties payable for the fame, and so proportionabfy for a greater or letter quantity, to be paid by the maker or importer thereof respectively : and for aH cyder and perry, which at any time or times, from and after the said twenty-third day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and before tpe said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteeen, shall be made for sale within the said kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other duties payame for cyder and perry made and sold by retail) the sum of four ftiillings for every hogftiead, and so in proportion for a greater or letter quantity* to be paid by the firlt buyer or retailer thereof.

II. And for the avoiding, of dilutes in charging the dutiea upon cyder and perry, be it enacted and declared. That every

Malt made in Scotland 6d. per buihei.

Cyder, and

K4«. per cad.

All persons felling cyder.

or perry deem- person who shall buy any cyder or perry, or any fruit to make cd mailer*, yito cyder or perry, aatf" fhs^l fdl any of the cyder or penry so ' bought

3

1713.] Anno duodecimo Ann.®. c. 2.

bought or made, by the hogfheaci, or any greater or leiler measure, shall, during the continuance ot this act, and no longer, be deemed and taken to be a retailer of cyder and perry, and shall be chargeable with the duties of all such cyder and perry.

III. And for the better ascertaining, charging, levying and collelting of all the said several and respeltive duties hereby granted, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be all and every the said duties and impositions by this act granted under the ma« or imposed, as well upon malt, as upon mum, cyder and perry, nagement ot shall, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, be

within the receipt, management and government of the several c-l^Cj &g %

chief commissioners and governors of the receipt of excise upon * beer, ale, and other liquors, for the time being, in Great Britain respeltively; and that all inferior officers, whether they be fubcommissioners, colleltors, supervisors, gagers, or others, tlvit are or shall be constituted or appointed for levying, receiving, collelting, or answering of her Majesty's duties of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, shall, within the respeltive limits or diftrilts, or in the several places or stations to which they are or shall be appointed, be also the fubcommissioners, colleltors, supervisors, gagers, or other officers respeltively, for the several duties by this act granted ; nevertheless, under v the government and direction of the said respeltive chief commissioners of excise for the time being, or the major part of them, who have hereby power to dismiss or alter them, or any of them, and to make and constitute, from time to time, such and so many inferior officers, for the said duties hereby granted, and every or any of them, as to the said respeltive chief commissioners for the time being, or the major part of them, shall seem meet.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, oncers may That all and every the said gagers and officers which are or shall enter malt-bt so constituted and appointed, shall at all times in the day- houses, &c. time be permitted, upon their request, to enter the house, malthouse, and all other places whatsoever, belonging to or

used by any person or persons whatsoever, who at any time or

times, from and after the said twenty-third day of June one

thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and before the said

twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and

fourteen, shall make any malt (either for sale or not for sale)

and to gage all ciftems, uting-fats, utensils, and other vessels and gage cif

used by any such malfter, or maker of malt, for the wetting or terns,

(beeping of any barley, or other corn or grain for the making of

malt, and to gage, measure, and take an account of the just

quantity of the barley, and other com or grain which shall be

round wetting or steeping in any such uting-fat, utensil, cittern,

or other vessel, or shall have been wetted orfteeped in them, or

any of them, for the making of malt; and shall thereof make ^ ma|ce re^

return or report in writing, to the said commissioners, of such port to the

other person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the fame, commission-

B z leaving ers» *c %

Anno duodecimo Ann.®. c.i. [1713.

leaving a true copy of such report in writing under his hand with such malfter or maker of malt; and such report or return of the said gagers shall be a charge upon such malfters or makers of malt respectively : and if any such malfter or other person, making malt for sale or private use, shall refuse to permit any such gager or officer to enter his house, or other place aforementioned, or to measure, compute and take an account of all his malt, and to gage all and every such uting-fats, utensils, cisterns, and other vessels, and to gage and take an account of his barley, or other corn or grain in any such ciftem, uting-fat, utensil or other vessel, or which shall have been steeped or wetted, and shall be upon any floor or other place, every such malfter or other jperfon shall forfeit and lose for every such of-Malfter once a fence the sum of twenty pounds : and that from ana after the month to said twenty-third day of June one thousand seven hundred and t"a a*t theTx t*1'rtcen> during the continuance of this act, every malfter or cifc office,CX” Other person making malt, (for sale or not for sale) shall monthly 9 artd every month make a true entry at the said office of excise of all the malt made in such month respectively, on pain to forfeit for every such neglect the sum of ten pounds, and to clear V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, off the duties That every such malfter or other maker of malt, shall, within in three three months after he shall make or ought to have made such mont a ter. cnt™ as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said duties which shall be due from him or them respectively.

Penalty on VI. And be it further enacted, That every such malfter or malfters re- other person chargeable with the said duties, who shall neglect fuhng to pay, or refuse to make such payment, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose for every such offence double the sum of the said duty, whereof the payment shall be so refused or neglected : and that no such malfter or other person, after such default made, shall, fell, deliver or carry out any malt, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of such malt so delivered and carried out.

Malt to he VII. And for the avoiding all diibutes touching the returns measured by made or to be made by the gagers of any malt, as aforesaid, be the Wincheft- enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That by the cr buthd. bushel, in this act mentioned, is meant and intended a bushcl according to the standard remaining in the custody of the chamberlains of her Majesty's Exchequer, commonly called or known by the name of the Winchester bushel \ and that the quantity of barley, or other com or grain taken by the gage, according to such bushel, in any ciftem, uting-fat, utensil, or other vessel, wherein such barley, or other corn or grain shall be found wetting or steeping, or which shall be found to have been wetted or steeped for the making of malt, shall be charged and THedimen- returned by the gager as so many bushels of malt: and that fioos thereof, every round bushel with a plain and even bottom, being made eighteen inches and a half wide throughout, and eight inches deep, shall be esteemed S legal Winchester bushel, according to the said standard*

Penalty on malfters. See. refilling to permit officer, tol.

VIII. And

1713*1 Anno duodecimo Ann.®, c. 2. 5

VIII. And be it further enacded by the authority aforesaid, Powers, &c. That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, £c# 111 'which in and by an a & made in the twelfth year of King Charles

the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knight servicey and pur-veyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating to her Majesty's revenue ox excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, settled or edablithed, for railing, levying, collecting or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and preicribed by this act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used and put In execution, in and for the railing, levying, collecting, recovering and paying as well the said duties upon malt, as the said several duties upon mum, cyder and perry, hereby granted, during the continuance of tnis act, as fully and efreSually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the body of this present act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^ines, See. That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, how to be re-shall be sued for, levied and recovered or mitigated, by such covered, ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture is

or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of her Majesty's courts of record at JVefiminster, or in the court of session, court of judiciary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively : and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty and forfeiture, shall be to her Majesty, or her heirs ana successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the fame.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Malt subjet all malt in the cudody of any maker of malt, mail be liable and J°thc duties subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with all and Angular m arrear* the debts and duties of malt in arrear and owing by any person

or persons, for any malt made by such malder, or within his malthouse, and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such person or persons so using such malthouse for any offence against the laws relating to the duties on malt; and that it shall be lawful in all cases to levy debts and penalties, and to use such proceedings against such malt, as it may be lawful to do in case the debtor or offender were the true ana real owner of the fame malt.

XI. And whereas many of her Majesty's subjefls do make malt, not to fell or make any profit thereof but to be consumed in their own private fajnilies only\ For the bettter accommodation of such persons, it is hereby further enacted and provided by the authority aforesaid, That the said respe&ivc coaunissioners of excise

B 3 for

6

Compounders to pay 5s. per head, per annum.

and not liable to the duty, nor to the Purvey of the gagers.

Penalty on felling malt after compo-fkkm.

Compounders

to continue their composition, Sec. before 24 June ,7I3*

or liable to the duty,&c.

Anno duodecimo Annjb. c.a. [171-5.

for the time being, or the major part of them respectively, or such person or persons as they, or the major part of them, shall respectively appoint for that purpose, and in default of such appointment, then the collector and supervisor for the dif-trid! and division, within which such person doth or shall in* habit, shall and may compound and agree with such person or persons for the said duties of such malt, which shall grow due or payable from him, her, or them, by this act, from the com* mencement thereof, until the end of the term hereby granted, at the rate of five shillings per annum for every head, which at any time or times, during the continuance of such composition, shall be of the family of such person or persons respectively, and to receive such composition-money, or to take fe~ curity for the payment thereof quarterly; and that the houses, out-houses, malthouses,. or other places of such particular persons making such composition ana agreement, and paying such composition in money, or giving such security, and duly complying with their payments thereupon, shall not be liable to the said duty of six pence per bushel upon malt, or to the survey or search of any gager or officer of the excise, for or by reason of hi* or their making such malt, as aforesaid.

XII. Provided, That if any such person, after such composition made, shall fell, exchange, barter, or deliver out any malt to any other person or persons, or shall permit any other person or persons, to make any malt in his, her, or their houses or outhouses, or shall fell any beer, ale, or other liquors made of hnalt, or shall have more persons of their families than they shall so compound for, without giving notice of them to the next office of excise, at or before the next quarter-day, and paying or securing the like compofitiops for them, then every such person shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and distributed, as aforesaid; and after any such offence Committed, shall lose the benefit of his, her, or their composition, and shall be liable to the said duty of six pence a bushel upon malt, and to the survey and search of the said officers, as if no such composition had been made; and for every buthel of malt so fraudulently fold, exchanged, bartered, delivered out, or fraudulently made, every such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such person and persons^ who by virtue, or in pursuance of any former act for laying duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, have made or shall make any composition dill in being, for the duties of their malt, shall on or before the four and twentieth day of June ofle thousand seven hundred and thirteen, continue such their composition for the duties hereby granted, and pay the composition money, or give bond for the fame, according to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this present act, or in default thereof shall be, and are hereby charged and made liable to pay unto her Majesty,

6 her

t>!3.] Anno duodeamo Annjb. c. 2. 7

her heirs and fiiccessors, the sum of six pence fof every bushel

of malt which he, (he, or they, or any other person or persons

in trust for him, her, or them, shall be pofleflfed of, on the

said four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred

and thirteen; and that all and every such person and persons

who have, or hath, or shall make such composition for their

said duties on malt, in pursuance of the said former acts, or any

of them, and who shall make default in continuing such their .

composition, as aforesaid, shall on or before the tenth day of

July one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, make true and

particular entries of all such malt as they, or any of them, or

any other person or persons in trust for them, or any of them,

shall be possessed of, or have in his, or their custody or possession, at the office of excise within the limits of which they shall respectively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty pounds and the malt, of which no Rich entry shall be made; and within six days after he, (he, or they shall have made, or ought to have made such entry, as afotefaid, shall pay down the duties hereby charged upon the fame, or in default thereof shall forfeit and lose double the value of the said malt; and that the houses, out-houses, and other places belonging to such compounders, who shall make default in continuing such their compositions, as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby made liable to the search and view of the officers for the said duties, in the lame manner, and under the fame penalties for refusal, as othet persons making malt for sale are liable.

XIV* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Malt damaged That from and after the said three and twentieth day of June by the caihug one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and after die duty *Jgg °^c by this act imposed on malt is paid by the malfter, if any quan- 9 tity of malt (nail unfortunately happen to be damaged by the casting away or sinking of the barge or vessel in which the said malt mall be transported from one part of this kingdom to another within the same, That the justices of the peace of the . . county, riding, or division, where such accident mail happen,

shall at the next general quarter-sessions to be held for such justices to dc-county, riding, or division, upon proof of such damage, and termine the of payment of the duty, as aforesaid, determine and settle the damage, fcc. quantity of the damage done to such malt by the casting away or sinking of the barge or vessel in which the fame shall be transported, as aforesaid, and an allowance to be made in respect thereof, and to give a certificate under their hands and seals of the sum allowed, which allowance shall bear the fame proportion to the whole duty, as the said damage shall appear to bear to the value of the said malt before it was so damaged ; upon producing of which certificate to the officer appointed to cofleft and officer so the said duty, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said "PV tb® du-proprietor or proprietors, out of the duty paid for the said malt,-Y* *c* lb much money as the sum certified by the said Justices shall amount unto, or in default thereof, that the proprietor or proprietors of the said malt shall and may deduct the allowance so

B 4 certified

I

Anno duodecimo Annje. c. t. [1713.

certified out of the next or any other subsequent monies be* coming due from such proprietor or proprietors by virtue of this present act.

Koti be XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au-

left w!th°the Polity aforesaid. That where any such loss or damage shall collector three happen, as aforesaid, the person or persons who shall sustain days before the fame, shall, three days at lead before the next quarter-fef-ouarter-ief- fons, give or leave notice in writing thereof with the collectors on,, of excile of the didrift or collection where such loss or damage

shall happen, and of his and their intention of applying at the next general quarter-sessions of the peace for an allowance in respect of such damage or loss.

No mnlftsr XVI. And whereas many malflers and makers of malt, in order to to snUcorn the defrauding her Majesty of the duty, and preventing the officers wit^ci *from toting and keeping a true account of the corn or grain by them another wet- feeding and Jleeped, and mating into malt, do in the absence of the ting, on for- officers remove part of their corn or grain out of the cistern or wetting *CilUhC(hIi5i' ?at* an^ m*x fame wlt^ c9rn ** Zra™ of a former wettings and per bathe # supply the place of the com or grain so removed with fresh com or grainy and do am mix their several couches and floors, in such manner that the officers for the said duties cannot dijlinguish one wetting from another $ for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the continuance of the du-ties hereby granted, no malder or maker of malt, other than Compounders for the said duties, shall, during the continuance of the said duties, mix, or cause to be mixed, his, her, or their r . corn or grain making into malt, of one wetting or deeping, or

any part thereof, with his, her, or their corn or grain making into malt, of a former wetting or deeping, or any part thereof, before the fame is put on the kiln for drying, on pain of forfeiture of the sum of five shillings for every bushel of com so mixed, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof.

Gagen to XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, roeafurebvthe That gagers and other officers of excise, for the time being,

ly8the buiheL or ^alihe dq>ut«l to put this present act into execution

shall, during the continuance of the duties hereby charged, mesfure such corn and grain making into malt by the gage only* and not by the bushel; any thing herein before contained, or in any former act or acts, relating to the duties hereby granted, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Penalty on XVIII. And whereas in making of malty praflifed before the a liters pres. granting the said duties, the barley, or other corn or grain, during gefhrrln the *-ts f[eePwZ m <}ft*rn or uting-fat, did usually rife and swell so cistern, &c. ionjideratij) that it was thought reajonable, upon granting the said as. 6d. per duties, in all charges to be made by the officers from the cistern or: bufticl. ccuch % to allow to the malflers, upon payment of the duty, four bujhcls in every twenty bujhelsr and so proportionably upon every greater or leffir quantity, in conftdcration of such rift or fuelling of the corn, which allowances have been and are made accordingly 0 and whereas many malfiers or makers of malt for sale % by prejjing, tread-, iugy ramming or other methods, do now not only make their comfy*

/

9

1713*] Anno duodecimo Anna. c. 2.

so close in the ciftem or uting-fat^ and also in the couch, that the rife or jwelling, as aforesaid, is prevented, but also renders it very difficult for officers to know the true quantity of the corn steeped or in the couch, and thereby have the allowance, as aforesaid, though the reason of making the same is taken away 5 be it tnerefore further enacted, That if any malfter or maker of malt for sale, during the continuance of the duties on malt by this act granted, fhafi tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the ciftem, uting-fat, or couch, any com steeping or steeped, in order to the .making into malt, every such malfter or maker of malt for sale, shall for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two shillings and £x pence for every buftiel of com steeping or steeped, that shall be so pressed, trodden, rammed, or forced ; any thing herein or in any former act or acts contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority All profccu- ' aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be (ued or charged

with the duties hereby granted, unless some action, informa- ycarg# * tion, or suit be commenced for the fame, within five years after 7 the fame shall become due.

XX. And in regard the quantity of barley, or other com or grain, taken by the gage in any ciftem, uting-fat, or other vessel, or utensil, wherein such barley, or other corn or grain shall be found wetting or steeping, or which shall be found to have been wetted or steeped for the making of malt9 is by this act to be charged and returned by the

gager, as so many bujbels of malt: It is hereby further enacted by Allowance for the authority aforesaid, That out of every twenty bushels so malt charged charged by the gager, there shall be an allowance made to the in the uting-roaker of such malt so charged in the uting-fat, ciftem, or other &c* vessel, * wherein the fame shall be found wetting or steeping, as aforesaid, or upon the floor within thirty hours after the lame shall be thrown out of the uting-fat, utensil, ciftem, or other vessel, of four buftiels, and out of every greater or leflfer quantity, a proportionable allowance shall be made in consideration oftthe difference between the quantity of such com when it is wet and swoln, and the quantity thereof, when it is converted into dry malt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Malt after do* -That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per- ties paid map ions, who shall have actually paid her Majesty*s duties by this J* exported, ad payable for any quantity of malt whatsoever, and to and for “c*

any other person or persons, who shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such quantity of malt from the said person or persons who actually paid her Majesty's duties for the fame, to export such malt for any foreign parts, giving sufficient security before the shipping thereof for exportation, that the particular Quantity of malt, which shall be intended to be exported, as aforesaid, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded, or brought again into any part or. parts of Great Britain9 which security the toftomer or coUcdor. of the rcfpcdtfve port for such exportation,

. . is

20 Anno duodecimo Arna. €.2* [1713.

is hereby directed and authorised to take in her Majesty's name, and to her Majesty's use.

0,1 XXII. Provided always, That if after the shipping of any Sponanon^ ma^ to cxP°rtC(*> as aforesaid, and the giving or ten-and afterwards dring such security, as aforesaid, in order to obtain the ailowanoe rclanded. or drawback herein after mentioned, the malt so shipped to be exported, shall be relanded in any part of the said kingdom of Great Britain, That then, and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bend, which shall be levied and recovered to her Majesty's use, all the malt which shall be landed, and the value thereof, shall be forfeited, that is to say, one moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other moiety thereof to the ptrfon or persons that will seize, inform or sue for the fame, to be recovered as any other penalties by this act are recoverable.

Esporterto XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^at *f any P^son or persons who shall export any malt into th^duty it foreign parts, shall produce a certificate or certificates from paid. See. the collector or officer who received the duty of such malt, that the duty thereof hath been paid or secured to be paid, which certificate the collector or officer is hereby required to give gratis, proof being made upon oath that the duty of such mak hath been paid or secured to be paid (which oath the said collector or officer is hereby required to administer) and also making oath before the officer or collector of the port, that the malt so exported is the fame mentioned in such certificate, then the collector or chief officers of the port where such malt shall be exported, shall give to the exporter thereof a certificate or debenture, expressing the true quantity of the malt so exported or and on expor- shipped for exportation ; which certificate or debenture being be Kptid!^ to to t^e collector, or other officer appointed to receive

^ * the said duty, in the county, shire, stuartry, or place where such malt was exported, he is hereby required to pay the said duty of six pence per bushel to the persons or their agents so exporting the fame; and in case the collector or other officers shall not have any money in their hands to pay the fame, then the respective commissioners appointed for executing this act, are hereby required to pay the fame out of the duties arising by the said act; . . any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV* And be it enacted, That all debentures for malt ex-ntaltunutu- ported upon any former act or acts for laying duties upon malt^ muni} cyder, and perry, which shall remain uniatisfied, on the four ana twentieth day of June one thousand (even hundred and thirteen, shall (in case the respective commissioners or officers of excise shall not have sufficient in their hands of the duties granted by the said former acts to fetisfy the feme) be paid and Satisfied out of the duties arising by this pnefent ad.

___ XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

La mast^tenant That where any rent is reserved and payable in malt, or if pay* to dedult 44. able in money, and the (tun or quantity of such rent is to be af« ger quarter, ccltsmed by the price of spate, apdis to inaeafe just as much as

the

fied, on 24 Tune 1713. how to be paid.

Rent payable

II

1713-] Anno duodecimo* Anna. c.i.

the price of malt doth increase, it shall and may be lawful, during the continuance of this act, for the tenant of any lands fub-|cd to any such rent, to detain, dedud and abate so much of every such rent as will amount to the duty by this act charged for every quarter of malt, or the value of it in money, that is so reserved, and so proportionably for any lesser quantity; and the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, to whom any such rent is reserved, as aforesaid, shall, upon the receipt of the residue of any such rent, make an allowance of such deductions, as aforesaid, and the tenant be discharged, as if such payment bad been made without any deduction, or abatement what-(bever.

XXVL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Malt im-authority aforesaid. That from and after the said three and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, during the continuance of this act, no malt shall be brought or imported into Great Britain from any foreign part or parts beyond the seas, upon pain of forfeiture of the malt so imported, and also the full value thereof, one moiety to the Queen, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall seize, inform or sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII. And whereas several persons making and dealing in malty Mbit destroy-

are subjefi to many hazards and incottveniencies, as well by fare ed by fire or watery be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, catt

That from and after the three and twentieth day 01 June one 19 thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and after the duty by this

act imposed on malt is paid, or secured to be paid by the mal-fter, if any quantity of malt shall unfortunately happen to be destroyed by fire, by the burning of the malthouse, granary or other place where the fame shall be made or kept, or shall pe-ri(h by water, by the casting away of the barge or vessel in which the said malt shall be transported from any part of this kingdom to another; it shall and may be lawful for the proprietor or pro- °" that prietors of such malt so periling, as aboVefaid, to make proof thereof by two credible witnesses upon oath, and of his, her, or p 9 their having paid or given security to pay the said duty, before the justices of the peace of the county, riding or division where such accident shall happen, at the next general quarter-sessions to be held for such county, riding, or division (who are hereby Officortore-impowered to give certificates under their hands and seals of ffrt“cduty# such loss) upon producing of which certificate to the officer appointed to collect the said duty, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said proprietor or proprietors so much of the said duty as shall have been, by him paid for the quantity of malt proved to have so perilhea.

XXVIII. Provided always, That if any barley or other com An allowance or grain that hath been deeped or wetted in any cidern, uting- P*IO butoels frit, or other vessel, shall, during the continuance of this act,

be found working or growing upon the floor, before it is put 61

upon

ift Anno duodecimo Annal. c. ft. [171$:

Upon the kiln, in order to be made into malt, after the said three and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, which when dried and made into malt, will not answer so great a quantity from the floor as from the ciflera or fat5 it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of every twenty bushels so charged upon the floor, there shall be an allowance made to the maker of the said malt, which shall be gaged and charged upon the floor, after the fame shall have been thrown out of the uting-fat, utenfll, cistern, or other vessel before mentioned, by the space of thirty hours or more, and before the fame shall be dried, of ten bushels, and out of every greater or lesser quantity a proportionable allowance shall be made, in consideration of the difference between the quantity of such corn when it is making upon the floor, and the quantity thereof when it is dried and perfectly made into malt; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-withltanding.

Exporters of . XXIX. And whereas by an act made in the first year of the reign the^bounty*7* ^ate tnajefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An

moneyUgrant. for encouragement of the exportation of corn, it is thereby cd 1 W7&M. enabled^ That when malt or barley is at twenty four shillings per c. i». quarter or under, every merchant that shall put on board any malty

according to or under-the limitations or conditions in the find aft ex-preffedy the said merchant shall have and receive from the farmerx, commissioners, or colie ft ors of the duties arising from the customsy for every quarter of malt or barley so exported, the sum of two Jbillmgs and six pence: be it hereby enacted, That the duty of six pence per bushel by this act imposed upon malt, shall not be reckoned or valued towards the price of twenty-four shillings per quarter, by the said recited act limited, but that the exporter of malt shall have and receive the bounty granted by the said recited act,

unless when the price of malt exceeds twenty-four shillings per quarter, over and above the duty by this act granted.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons whatsoever shall export any ground malt from any port or place in Great Britain, to any foreign parts, the duties whereof shall have been paid or secured to be paid according to this act, such person and persons shall have the like drawback or allowance out of the duties on malt by this act granted, as if the said malt had been whole, upon debentures to be obtained, and upon producing certificates, making oath, and doing and performing the other matters and things herein before prescribed and directed, in order to obtain debentures upon exportation of malt for foreign parts ; yet nevertheless such ground malt so exported shall be computed and efiimated after the rate of so many bushels of malt as the fame did contain before it was grouna, and no more.

Gager to leave XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a copy of each every gager or other officer, who shall be constituted or ap-with the ported to put this act in execution, shall be and are hereby re-HUkcr' quired

The fame allowance on exporting ground malt, as if whole. Zee,

*3

713*1 Anno duodecimo Annjr. c. 2.

[uired to leave t true copy of each cage, and the quantity hereof, in writing under his or their hands, with or for the aid maker or makers of malt, at the time of taking such gage lpon demand, under the penalty of forty shillings.

XXXII. And for the prevention of evil pradhces in brewing No brcwer jeer and ale, with sugar, honey, foreign grains, Guinea pepper, &c. to use fu->r with a late invented liquor or syrup made from malt and gar, &c. in vater, boiled up to the consistency of mellafles, and very much efembling the fame, and commonly called EJfentia Bine, or ^ ty0 with other unwholsome materials; and that no mixture of sugar,

loney, foreign grains, Guinea pepper, or of the said liquor or yrup, or other unwholsome materials, may be used in the Hewing or making of beer and ale j be it enacted, That no rommon brewer, innkeeper, victualler, or other retailer of beer md ale, shall make use of any sugar, honey, foreign* grains,

Guinea pepper, or of the said liquor or syrup, called EJfentia Bine, Cocuhes India, or any unwholsome materials or ingredients whatsoever, in the brewing or making of any beer or de, or mix any sugar, honey, foreign grains, Guinea pepper,

>r any of the said liquor called EJfentia Bine, Coculm India, or iny unwholsome materials or ingredients whatsoever, with iny beer or ale, on pain of twenty pounds for every such jffence.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all monies which shall arise by this act of the said duties be paid into jpon malt, mum, cyder and perry (over and above the necef- the Exche-ary charges of railing and levying the said duties) shall, from <lucr* ime to time, be brought and paid into the receipt of the Ex-:hequer.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority officers may iforesaid. That from and after the said twenty-third day of enter malt-June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, all and every houses, &c. :he said officers shall, upon their request, be permitted, as well

»y night as by day (but if in the night-time, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter he house, malthouse, and other place belonging to or made use of by any publick malfter or maker of malt for sale, common newer, innkeeper, victualler, distiller, or vinegar-maker, naking malt, to gage, measure and take an account of the just quantity of barley, and other com or grain which shall be weting or steeping, or which shall have been wetted or deeped in uch house, malthouse, or other place; and if any such publick nalfter or maker of malt for sale, common brewer, innkeeper, refu-ridualler, distiller, or vinegar-maker, shall refuse to permit ^entrance uch officers, or any of them, to enter his house, malthouse, or forfeits *oL rther place, as aforesaid, or to gage, or to take an account of lis barley, or other com or grain, as aforesaid, the person or icrlbns offending therein, shall for every such offence forfeit and ofc the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority iardaid, That if any maker of malt shall, during the continu-

*4 Anno duodecimo Annje. c.il fi713.

Concealing ance of the duties hereby granted, fraudulently hide, conceal, or convey away any of his malt from the fight or view of the cj/ ^ ‘ gager or gagers appointed to take an account of the fame, the

person or persons offending therein, shall forfeit and lose for every bushel of malt so hid, concealed, or conveyed away from the fight and view of such gager or gagers, the sum of ten shillings, to be recovered and distributed, or mitigated, as other penalties and forfeitures by this act, or by any law herein referred unto, are to be recovered, distributed, or mitigated. ^up^nycS? XXXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-tern, &c. with- kid, That from and after the said twenty-third day of June one out notice, on thousand seven hundred and thirteen, curing the continuance 1 pain of 50I. of this act, no malfter or other person, making malt for sale or not for sale (other than and except compounders for the said duty) shall erect or fet up, alter or enlarge, or make use of any cistern, uting-fat, utensil, or other vessel, for the wetting or steeping any barley, or other com or grain for the making of malt, or of any kiln, floor, room, or other place for the making or keeping of malt, or keeping of corn or grain making into malt, without first giving notice thereof in writing at the next office of excise, or mall keep or make use of any private cistern, uting-fat, utensil, or other vessel, for the wetting his barley, or other corn or grain to make malt, other than such as are openly known and made use of in his common malting-house, on pain to forfeit for every such cistern, uting-fat, utensil or other vessel, kiln, floor, room or other place so erected or* fet up, altered or enlarged, kept private or concealed or made use of without such notice as aforesaid, the fam of fifty pounds to bt levied, recovered, mitigated and distributed as aforesaid.

*?*°®!*&* ^ XXXVII. And be itenacted by the authority aforesaid. That

fppeal tofhc ^ either party think him or themselves agrieved by any judg-

2uarter-fef- ment or order to be given or made by any justices of the peace, oni, &c. . in pursuance of this present act, touching or concerning the du-

ties hereby granted, or any penalty and forfeiture relating to th* fame, it mall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons, so finding him, her or themselves agrieved by such judgment or order, to appeal from the same to the justices assembled at the next general quarter-iefllons of the peace, to be holden for the county, shire or stuartry where such judgment or order . shall have been made; which said justices of the peace, or the major part of them, are hereby impowered to hear and finallf Vo Certiorari, determine the fame; and no writ of Certiorari shall be allowed or brought to fet aside any determination or order of the said justices.

Appellor to XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the

thereof fof authority aforesaid, That the party or parties so appealing, or days before aforesaid, shall give notice in writing, by the space of fix days! quarter-fef- next before such session shall be held, as aforesaid, unto the “on,» to party or parties of the other side, of his, her or their intention to bring such appeal; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices or the major part of themx in their quarter-fef-

fions.

17I3-J Anno duodecimo Ann^. c. 2.

fions, to award costs to either party, as they shall in their discretion think fit, to be levied by warrant of the justices of the peace of such county, shire, or stuartry, or any two or more of them, on the goods and chattels of the party or parties, against whom the fame shall be awarded. Provided also, That in case there be not the space of six days between this first judgment or order of the two justices,* and the quarter-sessions then next following, that then the appeal may be made at the second quarter-sessions, after such judgment or order made.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority m

a fore said, That all malt made in Scotland, not to be consumed brought by there, which at any time or times between the twenty-third day ft a into Eng-of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and the land, to be en-twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and tr€*! atrt{1Aj fourteen, shall be brought into England, Wales,, or the town of ° Berwick upon Tweed, shall, in case the fame be brought by sea, be entred with the officer for the said duties of the port where the fame shall be so brought into England, Wales, or Berwick ; and pay 6d. and the sum of six pence per bushel (unless a certificate from per buftiel, ' the proper officer be produced, that it had paid the said duty in Scotland) for the fame malt, shall be paid to such officer before paid^he^uty* landing thereof: and in case the fame shall be brought by land, Malt brought such malt shall pass and be carried by and through the towns of by land, to Berwick or CarUJle, and there entred with the officer of the said thro'Ber-duties, in such of the said towns by or thrdtigh which such malt ^ b# shall be so carried ; and the like duty of six pence per bushel for entered there, the same, unless such certificate be produced, as aforesaid, shall and topay 6d. be paid down in ready money to such officer, on pain of forfeiting P^T bu!PSf»/ all such malt, and the value thereof, as shall be landed or put on PJJ of for'cl* shore, or brought into England, without such entry or payment of such additional duties, as aforesaid : and in case any malt Such malt co-made in Scotland shall, during the said term, be found coming jnhig by land, out of Scotland, or brought from thence by land, by or beyond the towns before-mentioned, without entry or payment of the without entry, duties thereof, or producing such certificate, as aforesaid, then See, forfeited/ all such malt, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited j the last or the value, mentioned forfeiture thereof to be and go, one moiety thereof to the Queen's majesty, the other moiety thereof to such person r persons as will inform, seize, or sue for the fame, or the value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such ways, means and methods, as any other penalties or forfeitures, relating to the malt duties are by this act to be recovered and levied.

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all The monies the monies which shall arise by this act of the said duties on an/j.n£to be malt, mum, cyder and perry, over and above the necessary ^chequer charges of railing and paying the said duries, shall from time to time be brought and paid into the Exchequer.

There shall be kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt one book, ixi which all the orders for money payable upon this act, shall be registred

and

i$ .Anno duodecimo Anna. c. 2. [1713.

A hook to be ami the money lent upon the act of the ninth year ofher Majesty'i reign kept, for trans unlatisfied, with iiltereft of fix per cent, shall be placed upon the regiiterj ferring the and shall be paid out of the monies arising by this act: interest to be paid principal sums every three months. It shall be lawful for anjr persons to lend upon credit on the malt of the said duties any sums, as together with the principal monies ap» aft 9 Ann. to pointed to be transferred, shall not exceed seven hundred thousand the register of pounds } which lenders shall have interest of five per cent, to be paid this act. every three months. Where it (hfcll appear by affidavit before any of the barons of the Exchequer, that any Exchequer bills, or tickets, before the twentieth of May one thousand leven hundred and thirteen, have been loft, burnt, or destroyed i it shall be lawful for the respective officers, upon producing a certificate from any of the said barons, and on security given to the said officers, to make forth duplicates of the said bills and tickets. It shall be lawful for the commissioners to settle and adjust the properties of any tickets in the lotteries that have not hitherto been settled, pro. video the persons possessed of the tickets do appear on or before the five and twentieth of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen. If any person shall forge or counterfeit any of the lottery orders, ot alter the number or principal sum of any such order, or counterfeit the hand of any person to such order, thtieby to procure a frauduleut alignment, or fell any such order, knowing the fame to be forged, every such pdftbn shall be adjudged a felon, without benefit of clergy. EXP. ■

Claule for ex- XLVIII. And whereas in the tenth year of her Maieflys reign plaining a late an p^f^ for laying several duties upon allfoap and paper made

ltanipdu^11 ^rcat Britain, or imported into the fame ; and upon chequered ties on cuito- cmdflriped linen imported -9 and upon certain silks* cqllicocs, linens and inary eitates, stuffs* printed»painted or stained \ and upon frjeral kinds of stampt which pass by yellom, parchment and paper ; and upon certain printed papers* pan-so^nn c°?yl phlets and advertisements* for raiflng the sum of eighteen hundred so 11 . c. 19. pcuuds<i ty way of a lottery, towards her Majestfs supply \

and for licensing on additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice j and for better fc curing her Majesty's duties to arise in the office for tkejtamp-duties* ly. licences for marriages and otherwise j and for relief of persons who hflve not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have lofl Exchequer, bills or lottery tickets j and for borrowing money upon flocks, part of tip capital of the Southoea company, for tke.use of the publict \ ip which 0 said att it is enacted* That for every Jkin* or piece of vellpm ort parch-menty or Sheet or piece of paper, upon which /ball be ingrffii or written, within or during the term of thirty-two years* to be reckoned from the first day of August in the year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, any surrender of or admittance to any copyhold la&4 or tenement, within those parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town i/* Berwick upon Tweed, or any grantor lease by copy of court-roll* or any other copy of the court-roll of any, honor or manqr zyithin the fame parts of Great Britain, or any of them, other than and except the original surrender to the use of a wifi* and the court-roll or book wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or enrolled\ the sum of two shillings and three pence sterling; and a doubt having arisen whether by the said clause, copies of ad-, mittances to cuflcm right or tenant-right estates, not bung copyhold, which pass by deed, surrender and admittance, or by deed and admit-tame* ought to be ]lamped\ It is declared and enacted hereby. That no copies of any surrenders or admittances to such custom-

right

t7,3-] Anno duodecimo Annjb. c. 3, 4. 17

right or tenant-right estates, as aforesaid, ought to be stamped, nor were they ever designed or intended, nor ought they to be deemed or construed to be within the meaning of the said act.

cap. m.

An act to revive and continue the act for taking, examining, and dating the publick accounts of the kingdom: and afio to continue the act for appointing coinmissioners to take, examine, and determine the debts due to the army, transport-service, and sick and wounded. EXP.

CAP. IV.

An act for making inclafures of some part of the common grounds in the West-Riding of the county of York, for the endowing poor vtcaridges and chapelries, for the better support of their ministers.

WHEREAS in the West-Riding of the county of York there are divers patijkes of great extent, and very populous, which bath occasioned the ere fling of divers chapels of ease for the benefit of the inhabitants: but there being very small or no settled pro-vtfion made for the maintenance of the ministers that perform divine offices in thffe chapels, or for the vicars of many of the par ish-churches within the said West-Riding; and there being large commons or waste grounds y within many of the said parishes, which yield little or no profit or advantage to any perfony it would be a great advantage and incouragtment to the vicars and ministers there, if they might, by tndofing some parts of the said commons and waste grounds, improve the fame for the benefit of themselves and their successors: May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, at the humble suit of the justices or the peace, gentlemen, clergy, freeholders and Other inhabitants of the said riding, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Qpcen's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the nine and twentieth day of After 29 Sept.* September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand *?*? tbeil*r seven hundred and thirteen, it shall and may be lawful for any theWest-of the inhabitants of any parish in the West-Riding oi the county Riding of of ftrf, wherein any such chapels of ease, as aforesaid, now York/bire, are, or hereafter shall be erected or built, and wherein there are "here thy® large wastes or commons, with the consent of the lord or lords may * °* of the manor wherein such waste-ground lies, (and if there be with the con-above two lords of such manor, then with the consent of the fern of the major part of them) and with the consent of three parts of four lords of ma-of all freeholders and others, who have any right of common "jofc Mrt of" therein, according to their number, and the value of their re- the wastes, and spective estates, to' inclose any part of the wastes or common settle the fame grounds within such parish (or chapelry therein) not exceedingin trustees for sixty acres, or a sixth part of such common land, where the said sixth part shall notexceed .sixty acres, and to settle the fame bave not a let, ii> trustees and their heirs, for the benefit, and as a maintenance tied provision and support of such ministers as shall not have a settled provi- of above 40I. VoL. Xili: ................... C fiotlPertnnuKv.

18 Anno duodecimo Anna. C.4.

fion of above forty pounds per annum for their maintenance; and Avail reiide within the same parish or chapelry, and perform di-vine offices in the parish church or chapel thereiny according to ^ the usage of the church of England, and belicensedby thearch-bishop of. York) or the guardian of the spirituakies (&ede Vacantt) any former law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Savingtolorda jl, Saving always, and reserving unto all lords of -manors, nL^n°&cand other owners and proprietors of royalties within the Aid lieS| “ riding, their heirs and assigns, all and all manner of mines and quarries of stone, coal and ore, and other mines, with full power, and free liberty to dig, get, and sough for the fame, in and through any such inclolures that shall be made pursuant to this act; and the fame so got, with carts, wains and carriage* to take, lead, and carry away.

No tmllee,See. III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, shall ahenute That after any such indofure and settlement, it shall not be in fhdi' cndoiva t*ic Power of any trustee or minister, or any other person what-lan.js to any soever, to alienate nnd imploy any of the profits of such inclosed other ufc hut lands to any other use or uses, but only for the support and for inpport of maintenance of the vicar or minister who shall serve the cure, the miniiter. {t be|ung to a \jCarage) and to the minister that performs divine lervice in the chapel, according to the usage of the church of England, (if it be appropriated to any chapel) and not otherwise.

Trustees, &c. IV. And be it further enacted, That it {ball and may'be law-with conknt *ful for any of the said trustees and their heirs, from tHne to Scr^ur^^eafetiinc> any writing or writings under their hands and seals, the gr01 fndTfo Wlt^ consent of the vicar or minister, for whofc ufc such in-enclofeti for z 1 cloture is made, to be testified by his being made a party to, years, reserv- and ligning and fraling such writing, to dernife or lease any com-ableTialV nion or wa^e Sroilnds, or any parte! or parcels thefeof/that yearly* for the ^all ** hicbfcJ by virtue of this act, for any term or nuoiber life of the of years not exceeding one and twenty, so as upon evety such miniiter. demise or lease there be reserved, payable half-yearly,"1 during the said term, as much rent as can, at the making fudh lease, be really gotten for the fame ; and that such rent be made payable to or for the only use and benefit of such vicar ami ttilQiller of such vicarage or chapelry, and their successors, and so' Ss no fine, income, or other consideration be taken for the faille.

Lease other- V. And it is hereby enacted, That all Icafes made of fudi in-

vdn made* closures in any other manner, shall not be good or Available in

the law, but shall be ipso facto void.

General UTue. VI. And be it further enacted by the authority afortfald, That if any action, suit, or information, shall be commented or ' prosecuted against any person or persons, for any thing that'he or they shall do or cause to be done in pursuance or in executibti of this act, such person or persons so sued in any court whatfodvef, shall and may plead the general issue of not guilty5 and upon any issue joined may give this act and the foecial matter in evidence 5 and if in any such suit the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear profcctitkro, or suffer a difeontmu-6 ance*

lytAnno duodecimo C. 19

ance, or if a verdict shall pass against him upon a demurrer, then in any of the said cases, the defendant or defendants shall recover full costs, for which he or they shall have the like remedy as i9 allowed in any case where costs are to be recovered by any former law.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be taken Publick act. and allowed in all courts within this kingdom, as a publick act.

VIII. And whereas feme manors within the said West-Riding, Waste of ma-

io belong to her Mayejly in right of the crown * be it further enacted nors belong-by the authority aforefrid, That by and with the consent of her the ^ Majesty, her heirs and successors, and with the consent of three ^bfoTwitfc parts of four of the freeholders and others, who have right of consent of the common therein, according to their number, and the value of ctown, and their respective estates, it shall and may be lawful to inclose any l1± .

part of the waste or common grounds of such manors not ex- ^ r ceeding'sixty acres, or a sixth part of such common land where

the said sixth part shall not exceed sixty acres; and to settle the fiurie in truiftees and their heirs, for the charitable purposes ■forementibned; any law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wafc notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

An act to explain a clause in an act of the last session of parliament* intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent conveyances, in order to multiply votes for the electing knights of shires to serve in parliament, as far as the fame relates to the ascertaining the value of freeholds of forty shillings per annum.

WHEREAS by an act made in the last session of parliament, 10 Ann. c.sj, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing frau- 18 Geo. a. dulent conveyances, in order to multiply votes for eleftingc* knights for shires to serve in parliament, it is amongst other things enacted* That from and after the first day of May, which should be in the yftar fif our Lori one tlmfand seven hundred and twelve, no personAali vote for the electing of any knight of a Jhite within that part of Great Britain called England, in respetl or in right of any lands or tenements which have not been charged or assessed to the publick taxes* church rates* and parish duties, in such proportion as other buds or Jenements offorty shillings per annum, within the same parish or township, where the fame shall lie or be, are usually charged, under a penalty therein expressed: and whereas some doubts have arisen whether parsons, vicars, and other persons, having messuages, lamSrf resits* tithes, or other hereditaments, are not thereby rejbaimi from voting at such elections, in regard that such mcjjiuges, lands* rontSy tithes* or hereditaments* have not been usually charged or af-fejjedto the puUick taxes* church rates, and parish duties, and to every rf thorn .- now forasmuch as it was only intended thereby to af-cMsin the value of lands or tenements, by making the propor~ .

Ml paid to the publick taxes, church rates, and parifl* duties*

C 2 0T|

2o Anno duodecimo Anna. c.6; [1713.'

The aft or such of them, to which the fame were usually charged or af-

10 Ann. c. fefied, the measure of the value thereof; and for the removing

any person*1" such doubts, be it enacted and declared by the Queen's most ex-from voting cellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords in respect of spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament an>^cnt^&c* assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said act, ?n ini»of ” or thing therein contained, (halftiot extend, or be con-court, in re> ftrued to restrain any person from voting in such election of any gard of their knight of a shire within that part of Great Britain called England, in respect or in right of any rents, tithes, or other mcor-publick taxes Porea^ inheritances, or any messuages or lands in extraparochial &c. * places, or any chambers in the inns of court or inns of chaneerjL

or any mefliiages or feats belonging to any offices, in regard dr by reason that the fame have not usually been, or fhftll not be charged or assessed to all or any the publick taxes, church rates, and parish duties, as mentioned in the above receited act, of in respect or in right of any other mefliiages or lands not herein before specified, in regard, or by reason that the fame havenot .been usually charged or aflefio to all and every the pohlick Provided they taxes, church rates, and parish duties aforesaid: provided. That have been al- such messuages or lands have usually been charged or assessed to felled as other feme one or more of the said publick taxes, rates or duties, in w pTann such ProPort*on as dkher mefliiages or lands of forty shillings per in the fame ' annum, within the same parish or township, where the same parish, &c. shall lie pr be, are usually charged to the fame j any thing contained in the said recited act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

After the end of the parliament no conveyance whereon infeoffment is not taken, and seisin registred a year before the teste of the writ, shall intitle to vote or be elected in Scotland} nor if any election bappenduring

CAP. VI.

An act for the better regulating the elections of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain (tailed Scotland.

,\X7'HEREAS of late several conveyances of estates have been, made * * in trust or redeemable for elufory sums, no ways adequate to the true value of the lands ^ on purpose to create and multiply votes ia elections of members to serve in parliament for that part ofGrqsm Britain called Scotland, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the laws in that behalf: be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefect parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the determination of this present parliament, no conveyance or right whatsoever, whereupon infeoffment U pot taken, and seisin regiftrated one year before the teste of the writs for calling a new parliament, shall, upon objection made in that behalf, entitle the person or persons so infeoft, to vote or to be elected at that election in any shire or stewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland \ and in case any .election' happen, during the continuance of a parliament, no convey? ance or right whatsoeyer, whereupon infeoffment is not taken

, one

1713O Anno duodecimo ANN-ffi. c. 6. 21

one year before the date of the warrant for making out a new the continu-writ for such election, shall, upon objection made in that be- a.ncc a par" half, entitle the person or persons so infcoft to vote or be elected l,amen " at that election; and that from and after the said day, it shall or may be lawful to or for any of the eledors present, suspecting Any elector any person or persons to have his or their estates in trust, and ™ar for the behoof of another, to require the prefes of the meeting Jender^arfoath to tender the following oath to any elector; and the said prefes to one whom is hereby impowered and required to administer the fame in the he Alipeds to words following, viz. hax*e an eJtate

I A. B. do, in the presence of God, declare and swear, That the The oa^# lands, and ejlate of for which / claim to give my vote

in tins election, are not conveyed to me in trust, or for the behoof of any other person whatsoever; and / do swear before God, that neither I, nor any person to my knowledge, in my name, or by my allowance, bath given, or intends to give, any promise, obligation, bond, back-bond, or othersecurity, for re-difponing or re-conveying the said lands and estate, any manner of way whatsoever: and this is the truth, as I shall answer to God.

And in case such elector refuse to swear, and also to subseribe Refuting, shall the said oath, such person or persons shall not be capable of not vote, voting, or being elected at such election.

II, Provided always, That notwithstanding such oath taken, other objec-

it shall be lawful to make such other objections as are allowed by tions as allow-the laws of Scotland against such eledors. able by law.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the author No infeoff-rity aforesaid, That no infeoffinent taken upon any redeem- mentonany able right whatsoever (except proper wadfetts, adjudications, or redeemable appriiings, allowed by the act of parliament relating to elections r,Sll£

in one thousand six hundred eighty-one) shall entitle the person SSttsT&c.) " so infcoft to vote or be elected at any election in any shire or shall entitle to ftevftrtly; and that no person or persons, who have not been v<*e or be e-inrolted and voted at former elections, shall, upon any pre--fence iffhatsoever, be inrolled or admitted to vote at any elec- not enrolled tftity'Vxceptf he or they first produce a sufficient right or title to at former e-qualTf^ hihi or them to vote at that election, to the satisfaction h&ions, shall of ^he'fceeholders formerly inrolled, or the majority of them vote with-present the returning officers are hereby ordained to make

of the persons elected by the majority of the free- 6 hoMfers Enrolled, and those admitted by them, reserving always -liberty of objeding against the persons admitted to, 1

or-ctcludeafcom the roll, as formerly.

IV*/ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Sheriffs, See. Tha? aH sheriffs of shires, and ftewarts of ftewartrics, shall be °" P5-cbli^d, under the pain of fifty pounds sterling, one moiety whereof fha!I be to the Queen s most excellent majesty, her intimations heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or per- three days bc« fons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered before the court fc^ die day of session, by any action summarily, without abiding the course of ele«10n*

C 3 of

22

Anno duodecimo Annje. c/7. [1713.

of the roll, to make the publick intimations requited by the laws of Scotland, at the several parish churches within their respective jurisdicttions, at least three days before the dyet of clpdtions.

*1?® . V. Provided always, That the right of apparent heirs in ajfd husbaiSs! vot'n8 at cledtions by virtue of their predcceffors infeoffinents, * and the right of husbands by virtue of their wives infeoffinents, be and is hereby reserved to them, as formerly; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. whereon** VI. Provided also, That any conveyance of right, which by to^ent?s kws of Scotland is fufBcient to qualify any person to vote taken befoie in the elections of members to serve in parliament for {hires or 1 June 17'j* stewartries, and whereupon infeoffment is taken, on or before

vote £;r,c to t^ic ?u,ie *n rear ^our onc i^°ufan<* ft*™

b«r* oTpaxlia- hundred and thirteen, shall entitle the person or persons so indent, feoft, to vote at the eledtions of members to serve in the next

ensuing parliamentj any thing herein contained to the con* trary notwithstanding.

Husbands not VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared to be the to vote by vir-true intent and meaning of this act, That no hutbands shall wive/bikoff- vote at any *n{u'nS c^ec^*on by virtue of their wives infeofr-jnents, uniefs ments, who are not heireffes, or have not right to the property they are hei- of the lands on account whereof such vote shall be claimed^ relief. &c.

CAP. VII.

Aftf r t July |7ii. Persons stealing to the value of 40s. being in a chvelTing-bou'e, tho' such house, fire. be not broken, See. nd being 1 hereof convicted, shall be debarred the benefit of flcrgy.

fin alt for the more effectual preventing and punifinng rob-bef its that pall be committed in houses.

FORASMUCH as divers wicked and iil-disposed fetvants* and other persons, are incouraged to commit robberift its-poufa by the privilege, as the luyj now is9 of demanding the hcnqlit.oft^ir clergy; be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most exmjent n?4jesty, by and with the advice and content of the jjprds fpiji-tual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament gf-fembied, and by the authority of the fame, That ajl and every person or persons that shall, at anytime, from and after the first day or July in the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, felomoully fteaj any money, goods or chattels* ivqres or merchandizes, of the value of forty shillings cr ttmre* bding in any dwelling-house or outhouse thereunto belonging, alt ho' such house or out-house be not actually broken by such otfender, and although the owner of such goods, or any other person or persons, be or be not in such house or our-house, or (hill afliit or aid any person or persons to commit any such offence, being thereof convicted or attainted by verdict or coiifdfion, or being jndidted thereof shall stand mute, cr will not directly answer to the indictment, or shall peremptorily challenge above the number of twenty returned to be of the jury, shall, by virtue of this pdt, he absolutely debarred of and from the benefit of clergy; guy law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

/ JJ, Provided

I7I3-1 Anno duodecimo Ann-®, c. 8, 9. 23

II. Provided al ways, That nothing in this act shall extend Not to extend to apprentices under the age of fifteen years, who shall robto apprcntice* their inafters, as aforesaid.

III. And whereas there has been feme doubts whether the entringEnxringjnto into the manjjon-bmfe of another, without breaking the fame* with* house with-an intent to commit some felony, and breaking the [aid house in the out breaking flight-time to get out, be burglary \ be it dcclareci and enacted byj1* orbe,n6. the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall enter into the„g7elonv?1, mansion or dwelling-house of another, by day or by night, and breaking without breaking the fame, with an intent to commit felony, orthe house in being in such house shall commit any felony, and shall in.thethcni£ht night-time break the said house to get out of the fame, such per- ^Uxrglary. foo ts and shall be adjudged and taken to be guilty of burglary,

and shall be ousted of the benefit of his and her clergy, in the same manner as if such person had broke and entred the said 2>ouse in the night-time, with an intent to commit felony there.

cap. vm.

fin act for raising the militia for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid. EXP.

CAP. IX.

An *8 for continuing an act made in the third and fourth years of the reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An att for encouraging the importation of naval ftorea from her Majesty's plantations in America j and for encouraging the importation of navalfores from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England.

ra^ng the importation ot naval stores trom her Majesty's plan- s & 4 Ann. tatiohs in America \ which hath been found to be very advantageousc*lo* fir fufnifiipg with navalfores the royal navy and flipping of this tingirn*. wherein, under God, the wealthy safety, ana Jirenglh of (his nation is so much concerned, and defends on the due fupptyof fores necessary for the fame \ which by a due encouragement may be had from her majestys colonies and plantations in America, which Wfjgfat jirjl settled^ and are fill maintained and protefted at a great expense from this kingdom; and in regard the said colonies and plantations may (as they have done) commodiously afford great quantities of all forts of naval f ores, by continuing the encouragement given in the fail dft for importing the fame into England: and whereas the said act is near expiring % be it therefore enacted by the Queen's mod ^ -excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Ann. c. 10. ' lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parlia- continued for meat ailembled, and by the authority, of the fame, That the 11 year». fn>» said act made in the third and fourth years of her present Ma- theAof &c.011

C 4 s The premium

24 Anno duodecimo Annje. C.g.' [1713.

for hemp mater jelly's reign, intituled, v/# act for encouraging the importation of muidjor iT*' nava*\florii frm Mq'flf* plantations in America, and every

years by 8 Geo. part thereof, shall be and is hereby continued from thetimeof j.c. x. f. i. the expiration of the fame, for and during the space and term of eleven years, and from thence to the end of the next feilioit of parliament.

Premiums for II. And whereas there are in several parts of North Britain, ttorafrorri commonly called Scotland, great fore of pine and fir-trees, fit for Scotian?, after tnaftsy and for the making of pitch, tary rozin, and other nival i Sept. 1713. fores; but the lands and woods which may yield such navalfores are Fpr the encou- tnofily in parts mountainous and remote frm navigable rivers 5 there-fee fore for the encouragement of the proprietors of liich lands and adeo.l^C' 35. woods, in the making the roads, passages, and rivers in those northern parts useful and commodious to the publick, as well as for conveying such naval (lores to sea ports in North Britain, to be brought by sea to that part of Great BritaincoiXeA England^ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person or persons that shall, from and after the iirft day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, during the retnrinder of the time limited for the granting premiums to the importer^ of naval (lores from Amenta* by virtue of the said act, and of this present act, bring from North Britain aforesaid, into any port of South B itaiu aforesaid, in any ship or ships built in Gn$t Britain, any trees (it for mads, yards, or bowfprights, or any pitch, tar, rozin, or turpentine, neat and in good and merchantable condition, shall have and receive, as a reward or premium for bringing such naval (lores from North Britain to South Britain, after and according to the several rates for such naval (lores, as follows; (viz.) For good and merchantable tar'per ton, containing eight barrels, and .each barrel to gage oneund thirty gallons and an half, the sum of four pounds v for. gpqd and merchantable pitch pqr tun, .each tun containing twenty

Sofs hundreds (neat pitch) to be brought in cient barrels, the m of four pounds; for good and merchantable rozin or turpentine per tun, each tun containing twenty gross hundreds (neat rozin or turpentine) to be brought in eight bartels,' the Mails, &c. 2os* sum of three pounds; for all mads, yards, and bowfprighti per pertuu. tun, allowing forty foot to each tun, girt measure, according to the customary way of measuring round bodies, the sunt of To be paid by twenty shillings: which several rewards or premiums <hall like* the'officers ut wife ^ paid an(i answered in good and lawful money of Great certificate °" Britain, by the commissioners or principal officers of herMa-trom the cuf- jelly's navy, who are hereby impowered and required to make tom officers out"bill or bills to be paid in course for the fame, upon certificate where landed. Q j respective chief officer or officers of the customs in any vr/wconccZ- P°rt of South Britain, where such naval (lores shall be im-ifg fuebcerti- ported, as aforesaid, such bill or bills to be made out and given fiiduyfct to the person or persons importing the fame, as aforesaid, within 5 Geo i.c. 11. tWl nty days after the discharge or unlading of the ship or vessel, sGeo'i.'c.u. ^*PS or m which such (lores shall be imported, upon a

i\‘ 4. ' certificate

Tar*l. per tun.

Pitch 4!. per tun.'

Kozin 3I. per tun.

i7ri3-] Anno duodecimo ANN-ffi. c. 9- 45

certificate or certificates to be produced to the chief officer or officers of the customs where such (lores shall be imported ; which And on certi-certificate or certificates shall be under the hands and seals of ficate from the the comptroller and collector of her Majesty's customs, and comptroller such naval officer as her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, or any two or them, residing at any such port or ports in North Br^am whei-e Britain^ as her Majesty, under the great seal of Great Britain, such (lores shall think fit to appoint, where such naval (lores shall be em- frail be im-harked or shipped, in order for importing the fame into any harked, that port of South Britain, That before the departure of such ship fiU0Cre”were of at vessel, ships or vessels, the persons, traders-or factors con- the growth of eerned or imployed in the preparing or manufacturing such Scotland, &c. naval stores, or any two of them, had made affidavit in writing before such comptroller and collector of her Majesty's customs in North Britain, and such naval officer as her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, or any two of them. That such naval stores so brought to such port ot North Britain, were truly, and bona fid*, of the growth and produce of North Britain aforesaid ; in which affidavit the particular quantities and qualities of such naval (lores, together whh the time when such naval stores were prepared and manufactured, the names of the proprietors thereof* -and the place or places where the fame grew, were prepared and manufactured, shall be fully and plainly specified and contained; which affidavits the said comptroller and collector of her ‘Majesty's customs in North Britain, and such naval officer as her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, or any two of them, are hereby impowered to take, and to administer such oath, ds'aforesaid, and the fame affidavits to keep in their cuf-todyv and in which certificate a true copy of such affidavit shall be inserted ; as likewise upon oath, to be made within any port hi South Britain, by the master or masters of such ship or vessel,

ships or vessels importing such naval stores. That the fame were wtily laden on board such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, within North Britain, aforesaid, and that he or they know or believe that the said- naval stores were of the growth of North Britain aforesaid.

.. 1IL: j^xjvided always. That the preemption or refusal of such Thepreemp-North British naval (lores, be offered and tendred to the com- tion to be ten-missioners of her Majesty's navy upon landing the lame, and if within theterm of twenty days after such tender, the said com- of t^c nivy?* missioners shall not contrail or bargain for the fame. It shall and may be lawful for the importer or importers, owner or owners of-the said North British naval stores, other wise to dispose of the fame.

IV. And for the better preventing any fraudulent importation of foreign naval stores (not being of the growth and produce of North Britain) to South Britain, in order to get the rewards or premiums hereby granted for North British naval stores; be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, during the continuance of the said for-' 2 pier

fl6 Anno duodecimo Anna. C. io. [1713.

Making a false mer aft, and of this present act, falsly make affidavit of, and te^idniTcer* *wear to the gfpwth of any naval (lore* not being of the produce tiftcate, &c. to of North Britain, or shall counterfeit any such affidavit or certi-fuifer the pe- ficate, as herein is before described, in order to get any the pre-mltiM of wil- miums hereby granted for North Briti/h naval stores, such per-andforiwt ^on 01 Per^on* u*all suffer the like pains and penalties as are in-jooj. curred by perfon6 committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and

every such person and persons committing such offences, shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety there* of to the Queen's mpft excellent majesty, her heirs ana successors, and the other moiety thereof to any person or persons that will sue for the fame, in any court of record of Groat Britain, wherein no efibin, protection, or wager of law, or more than &e "inline' one i°1Pir*an<:e dtall be allowed; and if any comptroller,, col-selfe certifi- lector, or naval officer, shall make any false certificate contrary

cate, liable to to the true meaning of this act, such comptroller, coUedor, .or the penalties naval officer, and every of them, so offending, shall incur the Car \ cap n ^line Pa'ns a(M^ penalties, as any officer of any port for the like p' offence is liable to, in making a false certificate for goods and merchandizes, by an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, [intituled. An ail far prwaning frauds, and regulating in his Majtjlys customs.]

Mailer, kc. V. And be it further cnadad by the authority sforesaid, That importing fp- if any master or owner of any ship or vessel shall fraudulently Co" the”*' -import or receive in such ship or vessel, to be imported into growth of South Britain, any naval (lores, not being of the growth of North Scotland, to Britain, as naval (lores of the growth of North , knowing

for*irC 'h° *' *be f*me to be foreign naval (lores, and shall demand, or receive Ibip &c.6 ^or such foreign naval (lores, any the rewards or premiums here* p' by granted for North British naval (lores, such master or owner

(half forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be sued for, and recovered, in like manner, as aforesaid, and the ship or veffid in which such foreign naval (loros shall be so frandulcntly imported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited to the Queen's majesty, her heirs and iucceflors.

CAP. X.

An a SI for continuing the aSis therein mentioned, for preventing theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England. c?M.,+Car*** \\T H E R E A S in the session of parliament holden in the VV teenthand fourteenth years of the reign of our late

King .Charles the Second, an ail was made, intituled, An act for preventing theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England ■, which was thereby to continue in foret for and during the term it Car. 1. c.3. tffive years: and whereas another ail was made in the eighteenth year of the said late King, intituled, An act to continue a former a# to prevent theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England■, both which alls were revived and continued by another ail so & to Car. 1- mad*ln the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of the fad e. *.3 late King, intituled, An act for continuing two former acts, for

preventing of theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of

England,

!] Anno duodecimo Annm. c. io. ftjr

wi, yir <jwf during the /pace and term of seven years, and alfi thence until the end of the fitfl fession of the then next purlia-; which three aforementioned acts, by an act made in the first of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, An act for nuance of three former acts, for preventing of theft and ra-upon the Northern borders of England, were continued for 1 Jac.i.c.14. luring the jpace and term of eleven yearly and from thence unto id of the first fession of the then next parliament 5 and were fur-continued by an act made in the seventh and eighth years of the of the late King William the Third, intituled, An act to con- 7 & 8 W 3.

; four former acts for preventing theft and rapine upon the c* *' hem borders of England, for and during the Jpace and term V years, and from thence unto the end of the first fession of the parliament; all which acts and every of them, by an act mad? c twelfth and thirteenth years of the said late King William, in- i» h 13 W. 3.

An act for continuing the acts therein mentioned, for chiming theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of Eng-;: and all and every matter, clause and clauses therein contained, rtl and every the powers and authorities thereby given, wer? en-‘ to continue and be in full force from and after the expiration of herein last mentioned act, for and during the space and term of ¥ }ears, and from thence to the end of the firf! fession of the next fteent: and tt was also by the loft herein mentioned act provided ntifted. That the said acts shall be accepted, taken and reputed to neral and publtci acts of parliament, of which all and every thje ' and judges of this kingdom, in all courts, JboH take notice on all ont ivlatfcruet, as if they were publick acts of parliament u-? to the whole kingdom : all which acts have been found neeessary he preservation of those places from that great number of lewd and ierly persons that usually frequented and infejled those parts, and *:&tv near expiring 5 be it therefore enacted by the Queen's : excellcnr majesty, by and with the advice and consent of ords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present ament a/Tembled, and by the authority of the fame. That he said acts, and every xst them, and all and every matter, fe and clauses in them or any of them contained, and all and y:the powers and authorities thereby given, shall continue be in full force from and after the expiration of the said act, ejn the twelfth and thirteenth years of the said late King lam, for and during the space and term of eleven years* and 1 thehcc to the end of the first fession of the next parliament, no longer. Farther continued by 24 Geo, 2. r.57. to 1 Sept.

See 6 Geo. 2. c. 37.

CAP.

Anno duodecimo Anna. c. i i.

t*7*3*

«$

CAP. XI.

An act to raise twelve hundred thousand founds for publick uses, by circulating a further sum in Exchequer bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise five hundred thousand pounds on the revenues appointed for uses of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of pub debts and arrears owing to her servants, tradesmen, and others, as are therein mentioned.

Preamble re- TV/f AY it please your moji excellent Majesty, Whereas in purfuanc* citing the a<5ts JLYJL of an act of parliament made in the seventh year ofyourMa-7 Ann. c. 7. Jeffs reign (amongst other things) for enlarging the capital stock of Exc^uum* ™e of Eng'and> several bills commonly called Exchequer bills, bills. ^ were made forth, amounting in principal money to two millions and five hundred thousand pounds, for your Majesty's supply \ and in fur* fuance of another act of the famefijjion of parliament made (amongst other things) for circulating a further Jum in Exchequer bills; and of an act made in the eighth year of your Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for granting an aid to her Majesty to be raised by a landr tax in Great Britain, for the feryice of the year one thousand fe-,ven hundred and ten, further Exchequer bills, to the amount tf four hundred thousand pounds in principal money, havealfo been ijjtud for your Majesty's supply: and whereas provision was mads in the asti .before mentioned. That the said bills Jbouldbear an interest of two pence per cent, per diem, when they respectively should not be in (hq publick receipts ; and that the governor and company of the bank of England, for circulating the said bills (by exchanging such of them for ready money as should, from time to time, have pafild through your Majesty's revenue or taxes, and also through the Exchequer in the manner therein mentioned) should have an allowance after the rate of three pounds per cent, per ann. for the whole sum of the said bills, y Ann. c. 7. amounting to two millions and nine hundred thousand pounds : and whereas in and by the said act of the seventh year of your Majesty's reign, certain duties were granted, continued, or made payable to your Majesty, your heirs and fuceJTors, for ever (subject to such redemption as is therein expressed) that is to say, the duties eallej the two thirds of a subsidy of tonnage and poundage therein ment i oned, which were to take effect by that act, from the seventh day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, certain duties upon coffee, cocoa nut's, chocolate, cocoa pafie, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, pictures and mufiins, and certain increased duties upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafie, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures, and certain further rates or duties upon all white calii-coes, porcelan, commonly called China ware,, and drugs -, all vUitb are to take effect by the act last mentioned, from the twenty-third day ^ June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen \ and one Ivlf of another subsidy of tonnage and poundage therein mentioned, wh::h Is to take efijtft from and after the laflday of] uly one thousandfbun* 4r el and fourteen \ and all the said duties Jo granted, cor^ .,,ed, or

made

Anno duodecimo Annjb. c. x r.

29

1fable, together with the furpks which should, from time to ife of or from the other half of the Jame subsidy of tonnage tdage (over and above eighty thousand pounds per ann. for-urged thereupon for payment of annuities) and divers arrears rfums of money or revenues more largely described in the said he seventh yiar of your My (fly's reign, are thereby, and by r acts abavementioned, or Jome of them, made a general fund ity for paying the said interest which was to be born on the r, and the said allowance after the rate of three pounds per er ann. and for or towards railing a yearly sum of two bun-ufand pounds for paying off and cancelling the said bills mr and foresaid acts or some of them, it was provided, that quarter - four usual feajls of the year, until the said duties should take md be Jufficient for payment of the said interest and allowance» vkld be a computation made of the sum which on every of the jl days jboidd be due and owing (over and above so much as ave been applied of the said duties to those purposes) for the xerejl and allowance, and that other Exchequer bills should be it'for so much as should be so computed to be due, bearing the rest, and for circulating whereof the said governor and com-re to have the like allowance of three pounds per cent, per td the quarterly bills so made forth until and for the quarter > Lauy-day one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, have d to toe further sum of four hundred and eighty thousand three t and twelve pounds, and ten shillings, or thereabouts, and orderly bills of the like nature may further be ijfuable on the rner nth: and by the fame acts, or Jome of them, it was deni enabled, That out of the remainder of the said duties and 1, when arid as the fame should reffectively take effect (regard

ey which should be contained in the said bills, and'for cancel-fame, until all the said bills should be discharged and cancelled: Recital of pteas by an act made and passed in the ninth year of your Ma- 9 Ann. c .7. eign, for enabling tend obliging the bdnk of England to ex-all Exchequer bills for ready money upon demand, it was ernft-t the full sum of forty-file thousand pounds per ann. should to dnd for the use of the said governor and company, and their by quarterly payments, and by such ways and means, and winner and form, as in that act are prefertbed, until such time re said quarterly Exchequer bills made or to be made for interest ranee, as aforesaid, together with a million of the said bills for lions nine hundred thousand pounds jbail be paid off and cancel-until such time as there shall not be standing out and uncancelled an one. million and nine hundred thousand pounds in the whole iid bills for two millions and nine hundred thousand pounds, and[ fy bills taken together ( which of the limitations aforesaid /ball 'pen) as.by. the said several acts, relation being thereunto re*

!y had, may more fulty appear: and whereas the said governor

ani

3°

Treasury may issue out isooooo 1. in Exchequer bills.

Bills to bear interest at * d. per cent, per diem to the bearer,

and to the bank 3I. per centum per annum.

Anno duodecimo Annjb. c. xr.

and company of tin bank 0/England art willing (for the publick fir* vice) to undertake the circulation of the further sum of twelve hundred thousand pounds in other Exchequer bit s to he issued for your Majesty't Jupply, and of such quarterly bills for intereji and other allowances, as shall and may be made forth in pursuance of this present off., so as the /did governor and company may have fitch encouragements,■ and fitch terms and advantages as are hereafter in this akt expressed: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ailembled, do humbly befoech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Queen's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefect parliament assembled, and by authority of the fame, Thit it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high treasurer of Great Britain> or any three or more of Che comniifltonero.df the treasury for the time being, to cause bills to be made forth et the receipt of the Exchequer, in such manner and form as he or they shall appoint, for any sum or sums of moneys not exceiding in principal money the sum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, for her Majesty's supply (over and above the bills made forth, or to be made forth, by or in pursuance of the said former acts, or any of them) and to issue the said bills for the said sums, not exceeding one million two hundred thousand pounds, for such publick uses and services, whereunto the faille are or shall be appropriated, or applicable, in such proportions as the said lord treasurer, or any three or more of thecomttiif-(toners of the treasury for the time being, shall, from time fee time, direct and appoint.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid,Thet the bills for the said sums, not exceeding one million two bun* dred thousand-pounds, and also such mis as are to be issued quarterly in the manner and form herein after mentioned, shall foverally bear an interest after the rate of two pence per centum per diemy to be payable to the bearers thereof respectively.; which interest is nevertheless to be abated and saved upori fetch of the said bills as shall at any time or times be in the receipt, of Exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or cftiUto-tors of any taxes, aids, or revenues payable to her Mef*fty,;her Imirs or successors, during such time and times respe&rdly1,. J» fetch bills shall be or remain in the said receipt, or in such bauds or power, as aforesaid $ and that the said governor and company, and their successors, shall have, receive, and enjoy,; to their own use and behoof, an allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum^ upon all the said bills for the said fimvnot exceeding one million two hundred thousand pounds, stod aMb upon the quarterly bills last mentioned: neverthelefe it u hereby declared. That die said allowances of three pounds per otutocm per annum, for circulating the said bills (b to be made forth, shall commence and take effect only in proportion as the & me toll be iftued at the Kxchcqner, and shall proportionally bfe abated* . -- . v . . **,

31

] Anno duodecimo Anna. c. i i.

and determine, at the said bills, or any of them, lhafl ter come to be discharged and cancelled.

And for better enabling the governor and company of the yf England^ and their successors, to circulate ail the Ex* er bills made forth, and to be made forth upon this and

d former acts, by exchanging the fame, from time to-time, dy money upon demand, be it further enacted by the au- toool. (above t aforesaid. That the full and entire yearly sum of eight the 450001. of nd pounds of lawful money of Great Britain (over and A"*1® ** the yearly sum of forty five thousand pounds, mentioned Ki.v “i-laid recited act of the ninth year of her Majesty's reign) '

ie well and truly paid and satisfied, unto and for the use said governor and company, and their successors, without count, imprest, or other charge to be let upon them for tno, or any part thereof, and without any abatement lor :

Or other cause or occalion whatsoever; and that the said sum of eight thousand pounds, shall commence and take from the thirty first day of July,one thousand seven hun-10 rnmmrilrr ifld thirteen, and be paid ana satisfied to the said governor Jt July, ,7,j. Mipany, and their successors, by quarterly payments, that and paid quar-*y, on the one and thirtieth day of Ofleber, the one and ter,y* th day of January, the thirtieth day of April) and the one fiftieth day of July yearly, by even and equal portions j ft payment thereof to be due on the one and thirtieth day fcfvr, one thousand seven hundred and thirteen.

And it is hereby enacted. That the said yearly sum of To be paid thousand pounds, together with the yearly sum of forty tjj*no more toufand pounds, mentioned in the said recited act of the year of her Majesty's reign, shall continue and be paid and cuKeUcd,'1** le unto the said governor and company, and their fuccef-until such time as no more than nineteen hundred thou-iounds, of all the said bills issued and to be issued for the ims, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand Is, four hundred thousand pounds,' and one million two ed thousand pounds; and of all quarterly bills issued, or issued in pursuance of this or the said former acts, taken pettier, shall be Handing out uncancelled in the whole. ‘

'And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Subfidiej, du-hat the several subsidies, duties, surplus monies, remains ties, &c. treats, which were granted or appropriated by the said act 7 Ann*, shall r seventh year of her Majesty's reign, and comprehended

> general fund or security by that act established, shall be a security. tnd ftcurity, as well for satisfying and paying, from time ai, fall the monies which shall be due or payable for interest, die tile of two pence per centum per , and for the said mee of three pounds per centum pet- annum) for all the bills out, or to be made out upon this or the said former act*;

II the monies which shall grow due upon the said yearly of forty five thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds uch of the said yearly sum of forty five thousand pounds,

J1 grow due on or before the thirty first day of one

thousand

z %

Anno duodecimo Annje. c.it. [1713*

thdufand seven hundred and fourteen, for which other provisions have been made, being only and always excepted) as also for or towards railing such a yearly sum as is herein after mentioned, for paying off and canceiling all the said bills issued or to be issued, as aforesaid, in such order, manner and form as are herein after prescribed ; and that such of the said subsidies, duties, Surplus monies, remains, and arrears, as are already commenced or arisen, and the residue thereof, as they shall arifc and take effect, shall be and are by this act appropriated, and shall be applied thereunto accordingly ; any other act or acts erf parliament, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

The 3I. per VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority cent, to be aforesaid, That the said allowances after the rate of three pounds paid weekly. ^ annum, for circulating the said bills upon tiiis and

the said former acts, shall, from time to time, be paid and satis-fied at the receipt of her MajeAy's Exchequer, to the said governor and company, and their successors, weekly, or as soon as the fame can be satisfied out of the monies anfing by the said duties and revenues already commenced, or hereafter to commence or take place, as aforesaid, or by any of them, or (b far as the monies coming in from those duties or revenues, or any of them, will, from time to time, extend thereunto, so as by such weekly or other payments, the whole of the said allowances, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, due to the said governor and company, and their successors, at the end of each quarter (reckoning the quarters to terminate at the four most usual feaftsof the year respectively) be not exceeded » Treasury to and that the lord treasurer, or any three or more of the commont dif m*®oners U'eafury, for the time being, shall, and he,

charging inte- and they are hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies rest on exche- arising by the said duties and revenues already commenced, or quer bills. hereafter to commence or take place, as aforesaid, or by toy of them, to issue to such person or persons, as he or they i|}all think fit to intrust in that behalf, and upon security to be given to his or their good liking, such sum or sums of money, by. way of imprest, and upon account, from time to time, and by such proportions at a time, as he or they shall find necessary for discharging all the interest, after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, which shall be due or demandable upon the said bills made forth, and to be made forth, upon this or the said former acts, or any of them, or so much of the said interest as die money coming in, by or for the said duties and revenues, or any of them, will extend to satisfy; the said interest to be discharged at such time, and in such manner and form,, as by the said former n&s, or any of them, was prescribed, for difcnarg-ing the interest of the bills thereby authorized to be issued.

After paying VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the intef eil of. after pa\ing or referring sufficient to pay or satisfy, from time a il. per cent. to time, so much as Dull be grown due or demandable for the per diem, aiui pai<j inlcrcft two palcc pt f centum per diem, and allowance of

three

!.f Anno duodecimo Annje. c. ii. 33

pounds per centum per annum, then the monies which, allowance of time to time, shall be grown due to the said governor and Pcr cc,|t-

— and their Fuccessors, upon their other allowances be- ‘-nn* tie

any.

monies grown sum of due on the

nehtioned. That is to say, upon the said yearly ........

thousand pounds, from and after the said one ana thirtieth 80001. and f July, one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and up- +5!50°I'J|cr e said yearly sum of forty five thousand pounds, after the quarterly be ne and thirtieth day of july, one thousand seven hundred paid to the >urteen, shall quarterly, at the respective days and times tank, &c.

: appointed for payment thereof, be paid and satisfied to id governor and company, and their successors, at the re-of her Majesty's Exchequer weekly, or as soon as the fame e satistied out of the monies arising by the said duties and ues already commenced, or hereafter to commence and (lace, as aforesaid, or so far as the monies coming in from duties or revenues, or any of them, will, from time to extend thereunto, so as by such weekly or other payments xps to Le due to the said governor and company, and their jors, upon their allowances last mentioned, at the end of quarterly day of payment thereof, be not exceeded : it ber e true intent and meaning of this act. That the said allow* after the rate of. three pounds per cent urn per annum, and id payments for interest, shall, from time to time, take and be preferred in point of payment out of the said fund*

: the said yearly sums of eight thousand pounds, and forty loufand pounds per annum, or either or them; and that id yearly sums of eight thousand pounds, and forty five ipd pounds per annumy (as the lame are respectively to epee and be charged on the fame fund, as aforesaid) (nail, ipae to time, take place and be preferred in point of pay-before the yearly sum herein after mentioned, for cancel-ad discharging the said Exchequer bills; The said former or any of them, or any thing therein contained, or any

Szjfi or statute whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding. tr Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- Remainder d. That after paying, or reserving fufticient to pay so appropriated fis shall, from time to time, be incurred and grown due upon the said interest after the rate of two pence per cen- in^Exch^uer rjiemy and the said several allowances after the rate of biffs, pounds per centum per annum % and eight thousand pounds See 1 Geo.x. fw, and forty five thousand pounds per annumy which a* r “ *ays to be preferred, as aforesaid, the full and entire year-1 ',5‘ i .of two hundred and Seventy thousand nine hundred nine-e pounds and seven shillings (in which the abovesaid year-k of two hundred thousand pounds, is and shall always be Hood to be comprehended and included) or so much of A yearly sum ot two hundred and fevehty thousand nine ed ninety nine pounds and seven shillings, as the remain-the said fund, mail, from time to time, produce for that fie, shall be and is by this a A appropriated for paying off : principal money contained or to be contained in all and . uXIl£ D cverj

C. XI.

14 Anno duodecimo Anna. c. ii. f 1715,

every the Exchequer bills made forth and to be made forth, by Of in pursuance of this and the said former acts, or any of them, and for Cancelling the fame, until all the said bills shalt be discharged and cancelled, and shall be issued and applied to and for that use and purpose, in such manner as the lord treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint in that behalf; and that the illbes thereof shall be made weekly, or as fall as the fund hereby established shall produce money into the Exchequer for the fame, lb as by such weekly or other payments in any quarter, the fourth part of the yearly sum last mentioned for that quarter be not exceeded.

IX. And for making good as well the said interest after the rate of two pence per centum ptr ditto, and the said allowances after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, upon all the bills issued and to.be issued, as aforesaid, as also the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, until the said subsidies, duties, surplus monies, remains, and arrears, composing the said- general fund and security, by this, and the said former &<f\$ intended to be established. Or so many of them as shall be suficient for those purposes, shall have taken effect; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord high treasurer of 'Grtat Britain, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury Tl'i'for the time being, shall, and he and they are hereby required takes'efftft an<^ ibipowered, upon every of the four usual quarterly feast treasury to' days of the year which shall happen, until the said fund or feCU-compute fity shall be sufficient for paying and (atisfying the said interest 8ua, ,'T1? the of two pence per cenfuto per and the said allowance of three and<ming,Src. founds per centum pet annum, as aforesaid, to compute, or cause ** ' to be computed, the sum, which, on every of the bid feast daps, shall be due and owing (if any such then be, over and above so much as shall have been applied to those purposes, of the fold subsidies, duties, ahd sums of money last mentioned) Upon ind for the said interest, after the rate of two pence per per diem, and allowance after the rate of three pounds ptr centum per annum, upon all the bills issued or to be issued according to the tenor and true meaning of this and the said former acts* and shall upon every of the four quarterly days by this tuft appointed for payment of the said yearly sum Of eight thoiifahd pounds, compute or cable to be computed, the sum which on every of those quarter days shall be due and owing (if aftyfoeh then be, over and above so much as shall have been applied-for payment thereof out of the subsidies, duties, and suns « aforesaid) upon or for the said yearly sum of eight- thoiifend pounds, according to the tenor and true meaning Of this act j And to make and the said lord treasurer, or three or more of thefcoramiffittti-out other bills ^ of the treasury for the time being, ‘(hall make out, or cable baU°be due ,**to be made out other Exchequer bills, for so much as -‘(hall be with likeint'e-so computed to be due (if any stich then be) on every such feast rest and cur- or other quarter day, for fuen interest, and for such allowance rency, tec, of three pounds jVr cehtutn 'ftt attaint,and fot the &id yfty

' sum

*7*3*3 Artno duodecimo Amur. c. it. film of eight thousand pounds respectively} which other bills Hull bear the like interest of two pence centum per dim, and the said governor and company mall have the like allowance, after the rate of three pounds per centum per for circulating thereof; and that the said quarterly bills to make good the said allowances, after the rate of three pounds centum per

num, and the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, until such time, as aforesaid, shall be dated on the respective quarter days to which the fame allowances and yearly sum respectively, dull be computed, and be issued and paid to the said governor and company of the bank of England,and their successors, in satisfaction and discharge of so much of the said allowances after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of the said yearly Jiun of eight thousand pounds, to be paid them in pursuance of this act<; and the said quarterly bills intended to make good the said interest after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, shall be jfiiied at her Majesty's Exchequer, for paying off and discharging, or to raise money for paying off and discharging all the interest which shall be due upon all and every or any the bills made forth, or to be made forth, in pursuance of this or the (aid- former acts, or any of them, until such time, as aforesaid.

X.Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That in case Deficiency to the produce of all the said subsidies, duties, and revenues, ap- be made go^j prop anted for the several .purposes aforesaid, shall at any time or by p*rlia-times appear to be so deficient, that within any one year, the ment‘ laid respective subsidies, duties, and revenues, after all of them (bailor ought to have taken effect, shall not be sufficient to an-fiwer and facisfy the several and respective purposes to which the fame are by the said former acts, and this present act, or any of Atm, appropriated or intended to be applied, then and in

very such case, and as often as such deficiency shall happen, the feme (lull be provided for, answered, and made good, by imdoobof the next aids to be granted in parliament.

- XI. -Provided also, and it is hereby eaadted by the authority Surplus dif-aforesaid, That if the produce of the said subsidies, duties, and revenues, appropriated, as aforesaid, shall at the end of any ParUsuneftt» quarter of a year (reckoning from Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and thirteen) exceed the money due at the end of every fuefc quarter, for all the purposes aforesaid, that there shall be'Sn excefe or surplus of the said funds, such excess or surplus dhali be difpo&bie, from time to time, for the publick use and ftitokXt by the authority of parliament, and not otherwise; any thing herein, or in any other act or acts of parliament contained -Soothe contrary notwithstanding.

' -XU. And be k enafied by the authority aforesaid, That all These bin* <he find bills, which dull be issued for the said sums not exceed- shall be subject ing one million two hundred thousand pounds, and the said *® the rales, ■quarterly bills to be issued in pursuance of this act, shall be re-tmd and taken, and be current in like manner, and with such ^ ■privileges and advantages, and subjefe to such rules and direc-'hQt>s}as ve ^rescribed by -the said former or any of them.

Da for

36 Anop duodecimo Annm. c. i i. [1713;

for any of the bills thereby authorized to be issued; and that the said governor and company, or any of the members thereof, shall not ipcur any disability for circulating the fame, or for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

The powen, XIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, mer acts^re^" That former acts above recited or mentioned, and all

fating to* Ex- the powers, authorities, privileges, and advantages, rules, dichequer bills, redions, pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures; to be in force, clauses, matters, and things therein contained (being now in force) touching or concerning the said Exchequer bills issued in pursuance thereof, or any of them, or touching or concerning any the subsidies, duties, or funds therein mentioned, or any 'way relating thereunto (such alterations as are therein made by this act only excepted) shall continue and be used, exercised, inflicted, raised, levied, applied, and put in practice and execution, in relation to all and every the Exchequer bills issued or to be issued upon the said former acts, or any of them, or upon this present act, and in relation to the said subsidies, duties, and funds, and every of them, as fully as if the said powers, authorities, priviieges, advantages, rules, directions, pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things (except as aforesaid) were again repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act > any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Yearly sums . XIV. And it is hereby declared. That the said yearly sums of allowance,and eight thousand pounds, and forty five thousand pounds, and the free^ * *** f**d allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per an-num> and intcrclt after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, and the said bills to become due by this or any former act, or any part thereof, shall not be liable to any tax or afiefiinent wnatloever.

Bank obliged XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,That the said to exchahge governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccef-for ready rao- i'ors, (in consideration of the said allowances and yearly sums *icy allKxclic- hereby enacted to be paid to them, as aforesaid) do and shall, quer b s s an(j tjley arc hereby obliged and required, until all the Exche?

quer bills made forth, or to be made forth, by or in pursuance of this and the said former acts, or any of them, shall be discharged and cancelled, to exchange for ready money all such of the said Exchequer bills, as from time to time, and at all times, shall be in the hapds of any person or persons, and be demand*-ed of the said governor and company to be exchanged for ready money, whether such bills, or any of them, shall or shall not have passed or had a currency in her Majesty's revenue or taxes, by paying unto all such person and persons, in ready money, the sum or sums for which such bill or bills so required to be exchanged, were issued, or which the owner or owners of such bills shall be entituled unto by such bill or bills refoedively, together with the interest that (nail, at the time of such demand, be due on such bill or lulls respe&vely, and so Mm quQties^ as

37

] Anna duodedmo Anna. c. ir.

is such bill or bills shall be demanded, as afoirefald; any ' matter, or thing in the said former acts, or any of them, led to the contrary notwithstanding: and in case the said or or company, or their successors, or their cashier, shall : or refuse to exchange any such bill or bills for ready mo-i aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, upon demand thereof made at their chief office,

(during the currency of the bills before mentioned, or them) shall be kept at some place within the city of Lon-j the fpadb of twenty four hours, then the person or per-manding the fame, or the person or persons for whose it such demand shall be made, shall and may, and are In default enabled to bring his, her, or their action of debt, or up- mlY case for the fame, against the said governor and compa-their successors, in which action the person or persons so ig the fame, shall and may declare, That the said gover-d company are indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs there-5 money demanded upon the said bill or bills, according form of the statute, and have not paid the fame, which e sufficient; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action ans, shall recover against the said governor and company, ly the monies so neglected or refused to be paid, but also es, besides full costs of suit; and the said. governor and ray, and their successors, shall be, and are hereby subject ble thereunto ; in which said action or actions, no effoin, ion, or wager of law shall be allowed, or any more than parlance.

[. And for the better enabling the said governor and com- may

f the bank of England, and their successors, to exchange, contract with

emand, the said Exchequer bills according to this act, it others for fur-

by enacted by the authority aforesaid, That they the said n!^DS mo*

or and company, and their successors, at any time or times m

rad after the passing of this act, during the currency of the

Is, or any of them, shall have full power and authority,

ey are hereby authorized, at their own good tilting, to

9: and agree, in such manner as they shall think fit, with

rfons, natives, or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate

vhofe abilities they shall be well satisfied) for and concern-

: furniffiing of monies, from time to time, by such per-

r corporations, to the said governor and company, and

icceffors, on such terms, and under such penalties and

ires, as they shall find necessary for the better enabling

>exchange all the said bills upon demand, and to perform

idertaking; which contracts or agreements, on the part

said governor and company, are to be performed and

food at their own charge.

L And it is hereby declared, That such contracts in Such contracts made, be made without being stamped, and shall not n°* ch.af*Sc-■geable with any duties on stampt vellum, parchment or ?tamp dutic^ or any penalty or forfeiture incurred for not (lamping the p iqd the said governor and company of the bank of Eng*

D3 land.

1

bers, for circulating, &c.

jS Anno duodecimo Atttto. C. n. [1713/

Further sealed aftd their facceffors, have hereby power, frotn time td lffUedTy h* ^me, out hank hills under their common seal,- not ex-

mount of the seeding in principal the amount of the sums of money which contract*. shall be called in by them, or paid, from time to time, upon such contracts or agreements, as aforesaid, (over and above the sum which they have already liberty to illue in such bank bill or bills, by any former act or acts or parliament in that behalf;) any law or statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding. Bank may call XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it in money from shall and may be lawful for the said governor shd company of their mem- the bank of England, and their fucceilora, for the better circulating the Exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of this act, or other their peccflary occasions, to call in, or direct to be paid unto the said governor and company, and their fucceifors, from and by the reipedtive members of the said company for the time being proportionally, according to their respective interests in the fund or capital frock of the said governor and company, gny sum or Turns of money, which the said governor and company in a general court, from time to time, shall think necefia- nr for the said circulation, of such other necessary occasions, and (nail accordingly order to be called in; which jnonies shall be called in upon such notices, and in such manner, and* shall be answered and paid by the members under such penalties as are directed and prescribed by any other act or acts of parliament for any Other monies thereby authorized to be called m by the said governor and company in pursuance thereof; and that all exe* cutors, administrators, guardians and trustees, shall be indem? nified in paying the fame; and that it shall be lawful for the said S made part 8ovcrnor an<* company, from time to time, ip a general court, of the capital to declare, order, and make the said money so called in, or or-A--*- r deiied to be called in, as aforesaid, or any part thereof, and from such time or times as such general court shall order and direct, tQ be added to the capital frock of the said governor andtx>mpany; and that then, and from thenceforth, such monies shall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, as and for part of the capital frock of the said governor and company, and the capital frock of the said governor and company shall be proportionally enlarged thereby; any thing in the said lafr mentioned act, or arty other law, statute, or provision to the contrary thereof iq kny wife notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it enacted, That ijl and every the privileges,cx-ca^tTlVixk16 ^mPti°ns and advantages, and also all the rules, reftridtiopsirnd to^e^xtend- directions, and other matters and things contained in any former ed to the same act or acts of parliament now in force, concerning the capital so enlarged, frock of the said governor and company, shall be extended to their capital frock so to be enlarged of increased, as aforesaid. . Barikcontirtur XX. Audit is hefcby enacted and declared, That the gor till all ther vernor and company of the bank of England', and their successors, shall continue a corporation, with ail the powers, privileged and advantages thereunto belonging, until all the said Exchequer bills, iffvfed, and to be lined by virtue of the ftid other acts, or

any

Monies so-

(tpek.

All rules. Sec.

Efcchequef

bins he dif-

I7i j.] . Aijjio duodecimo Ann c. ir. ' 39

any of them* and by virtue of this present alt, shall be discharged and cancelled > any thing in this or the said other alts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Aftef aj| the That from and after the complete paying off, and discharging bills. are all the principal and iotcreft, which shall be due on all the said discharged.the Exchequer bills, issued and to be issued in pursuance of this and f«ver»),u^'-the said other alts, and cancelling ajl the fame bills, and full fa- ^^erltocd tisfaltion made of all arrearages (if any shall be then due) as to ^ ie{jeein_ well of or upon the said allowance after the rate of three pounds ed by parli*. per centum per annum, as also of or upon the said yearly sums ment.

of forty five thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, or either of them; then and not till then, the fevera] subsidies, duties, and revenues, by this and the said other alts, or any of them, settled or appropriated, as well for payment of the fifid interest of two pence per centum per diem, and the said allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said yearly sums of forty five thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, as also for raising the said yearly sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety nine pounds, and (even shillings, and every of them, shall be understood to be redeemed by parliament, ana shall not be issued, paid or applied to any ufc, intent or purpose whatsoever, without the authority of parliament

XXII. And it is hereby declared to be the true intent and The (kid fobli-

jneaning of this act. That the fame subsidies, duties, and reve- die*, Sec. may nues, so settled and appropriated in relation to the said Exchequer redeemed, bills, may be redeemed from the said governor and company, y1**1?1* [f*

anrl tVwair fnrr^flnrc in fKn minn^r nnH fnmn in flui .

and their successors, in the manner and form prescribed in die funds, foregoing provilb or condition, without redeeming any other the funds or securities by the said act of the seventh year of her Majesty's reign, or by any other of the said acts relating there-unto, settled or made payaole to the said governor and company, and their successors; any thing herein, or in any other act or acts of parliament contained, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas by the said act made in the seventh year of 7 Annje> e. 7. her Afajejly's reign, it was declared and enacted,, That the said go- 9

vemor and company of the banl of England, and their JucceJfors, for ever, should continue and be one body corporate and politick, and should for ever have, receive and enjoy the intire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned, out of certain rates and duties of txafe therein described, and such abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages1 as are therein expressed, subject nevertheless to a power and condition of redemption, in that act contained in that behalf: and it was thereby provided and enacted\ That at any time upon twelve months notice after the first day of August, which should be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor and company of the hank of England, or their successors, of the several sums, a~

P 4 mount-

AO

Anno duodecimo Ann®. C. i i .

t»7*3-

mounting to sixteen hundred thousand pounds, therein mentioned, without any deduction, discount, or abatement whatsoever, to be made out . of the said sum of sixteen hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their successors, of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and intcrejl money, which should be owing unto them upon all such tallies. Exchequer-orders, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their fuccrffors, should have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of such notice to be given, as aforesaid, (such funds, for redemption whereof other provision was made in the same act, only excepted) then, or in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds should cease and determine, as by the same act (relation being thereunto bad) miy more plainly appear: now for the better encouragement of the said governor and company of the bank of England, to perform the service of circulating all the Exchequer-bills, according to the true meaning of this act, it is hereby de-Proviso in dared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said re-7 Ann. for de-cjtccj proviso or condition for determining the said yearly fund yVar/y fund ° onc hundred thousand pounds, upon twelve months notice, and corpora- after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred tion,on twelve thirty two upon such payments, as aforesaid, shall be, and is months notice hereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and * **£ repealed. company of the bank of England, and their successors, for ever, 3 " shall remain, continue and be one body corporate and politick,

by the name of the governor and company of the bank of England, and shall for ever have, receive ana enjoy the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds out of the said rates and duties of excise, together with a perpetual succession, and all abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, frar.chifes, exemptions, privileges, profits and advantages whatsoever, where-unto the governor and company of the bank of England are, or before the making of this act were entitled by any act or acts of parliament, grants or charters whatsoever, now in force; subject nevertheless to such restrictions, rules, directions, agreements, matters and things, as in the said acts and charters, or any of x them, now in force are contained or prescribed; and also subject to the power and condition of redemption, hereafter in this act contained in this behalf.

On it months XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by notice alter the authority aforesaid, That at any time upon twelve months i Aug. i74»- notice after the first day of Augvfl, which shall be in the year *nelit°to^the our ^ord one thousand seven hundred forty two, and not bank of before, and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor j}6oo,oool.&c. and company of the bank of England, or their successors, of the the yearly said sum of sixteen hundred thousand pounds, without any de-r'und ot duftion, discount or abatement whatsoever, and upon payment

cease.00' ° to governor and company, and their successors, of all

arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which shall be owing

unto them upon all such tallies, Exchequer orders, or parlia-

mentary

4*

1713.] Anno duodecimo Anuje. c. i i.

mentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their successors, shall have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of such notice to be given, as aforesaid (such funds, for redemption whereof other provision is made in the said former acts, or any of them, or in this act, always excepted) then and in such case, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds shallceafe and determine.

XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted. That from After redemp-and after such redemption of the said one hundred thousand tion, &c. cor. pounds per annum, and from and after redemption shall also be P°rat,°!'to made by parliament of the annuity of one hundred and six dctcnxunc* thousand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen shillings and

five pence per annum, by the said act of the seventh year of her Majesty's reign, settled and payable to the said governor and company, in the manner therein mentioned, and from and after redemption shall likewise be made of the fund established by this act, in relation to the said Exchequer bills, then, and not till then, the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England shall cease and determine, but till then, the said governor and company shall continue a corporation, and shall have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they are now entitled unto, as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Publick act. ad shall be esteemed in all courts of law and equity to be a publick ad. and notice thereof shall be taken as such by all

courts and persons accordingly.

XXVII. And whereas by an act of parliament made and passed Recital of the in the ftrjl year of her Majesty's reign, intituled? An act for the 1 Ann*, better support of her Majesty's houshold, and of the honour *“*00 and dignity of the crown, it was enacted and declared, That the hereditary rates and duties of excise upon beer, ale? and other liquors?

which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second? and the duties of excise upon u Car. c. tj. beer? ale? and other liquors? by the said act of the first year of her Majesty's reign granted to her Majesty for the term of her life (fub-jest nevertheless to such weekly payments or incumbrances as were thereby appointed to be charged upon, and payable out of the several dut ies of excise before mentioned) and the revenue of the general letter office or pose office, and divers small branches of her Majesty's revenues therein enumerated, and the monies arijmg by the further subsidy of tunnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines? goods? and merchandizes, ly the said act granted or made payable to her Majesty during hr life? should be for the support of her Majesty's houfhold? and of tee honour and dignity of the crown ? and in the said act several provisions art made to refrain granting or aliening the revenues aforesaid? or any of them: fence which time the revenues of fife-fruits and tenths oj the clergy (being part of the said small branches) have been othenoife disposed by or in pursuance of an act of parliament 5 Ann.c* *4-in that behalf 5 and the revenue arising in the general letter cffice or post office hath been fence regranud and inertajei? and part of that revenue so regranted and increased bath been appropriated to raise

money

42 Anno duodecimo Annjb. C. i f. [171 j.

9 Ann, e. to money for the publick ufiy and other part thereof is applicable to tie support of her Majestfs said houjbold\ and the honour and dignity, of the crozuny pursuant to another act of parliament made for tboje ends and purposeiy as by the said respeflive aflSy relation being thereunto bad, may more fully appear: and whereas by occafm of fevered extraordinary expenses since the said act of the first year of her Majestfs reigny divers arrears of salaries % wageSy diet-monies, and other allowances, and sundry debts for eruptions y provijionsy and other cauftSy have incurred, and grown due to her Majestfs fervantSy tradefmeuy and otherSy and do now remain unfatisfiedy which debts and arrears do amount to a very considerable sum in the wholey and are properly chargeable upon the said branches or revenues which were appomtfi for the support of her Majestfs houjholdy and of the honour and dignity of the crowny as aforesaid: now her Majestfs said most dutiful and loyal subjefiSy the commons of Great Britain in parliament affm-bled, being desirous that her MajeJljy in the administration of her civil govemmenty may not remain under any difficultieSy in respeff ff the arrears or debts contrafiedy as aforesaid, and being therefore it-firms that a sum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds may be raifedy by such ways and meansy as in this act are authorized or appointed, the better to enable her Majesty to discharge the said debts and arrearSy doy for that end and purpose % most humbly pray that it may be enabled; and be k enacted by the authority aforesaid. Her Majesty, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Qyeen's mod by letter* pa- excellent majesty, by letters patents, to be made and passed, at ^nt T«a,oooh any tim* or t‘mcs» <>n this side or before the five and twentieth per annum for day of Decembery in the year of our Lord one thousand seven js yean, to be hundred and thirteen, under the great seal of Great Britaihy to limit, appoint, fet, and appropriate, any sum not exceeding tte Exche- five thousand pounds per annumy to be issued or paid by

* weekly or quarterly payments, as her Majesty shall therein di-

red, at the receipt of the Exchequer, for and during any term not exceeding thirty two years, to commence and be reckoned from the feast of Saint Michael the Arch-angel, in the year of chargeable on our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; ami that of the crown ^ yearly sum shall be charged upon, and payable out of

9 all the said revenues, duties, and branches, which were appointed for the support of her Majesty's4iou(hold, and the honour and dignity of the crown, as aforesaid, as well .those which are hereditary in the crown, as those which were granted during her Majesty's life, as aforesaid, and every of them, during au the said term of thirty two ymrs, in caie her Majesty (wnofn God preserve) shall so long live5 and in case of her Majesty's demise within the said term, then the said yearly sum, not exceeding thirty five thousand pounds per annumy mall be charged upon, and be paid and payable out of the hereditary revenue*, duties, and branches last before mentioned, for and during so long time as shall be then to come and unexpired of and in the said absolute term, not exceeding thirty two years, to be reread prefers- koned from the time aforesaid; all which payments (halt be

*'!. made with, preference to all other payment, whatioweiy which

Mberpay. . flwjl

menu, *“ ■

V

*7*3*1 Anno duodecimo Ahu c. i t. 43

shall or may hereafter be charged upon the fame reVertueSj duties, and branches, or any of them.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the But not to

authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, any

or any matter or thing to be comprized in such letters patents,

as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed to make void, Ann. of the alter, or prejudice any difposition, appropriation, appointment, first fruit*, matter, or thing whatsoever, contained in any aCk or aCks of P0® °®ce*&®* parliament made since the said act of the first year of her Majesty's reign, of or concerning the said revenues of first fruits ana tenths of the clergy, or of or concerning the said revenue arising in the general letter office or post office, or any other of the revenues or branches aforesaid ; but that the fame difpofi-tions, appropriations, appointments, matters and things, shall continue, and be in force, and shall take effect, and be observed, as if this act had not been made: nevertheless so much of the said revenue arising in the general letter office or post office, as is applicable to the use of her Majesty's houlhold, or for support of the honour and dignity of the crown, as aforesaid, shall be liable for or towards making good of the said yearly sum intended to be charged by such letters patents, as is before mentioned; any thing herein, or in such letters patents, to be contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Letters pa-That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, by such J*"1* *® letters patents, as aforesaid, to direCt and appoint by what me- ^ bjf thods, and upon what terms, and in what manner and form,-paid,

the said sum, not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds, for the purposes aforesaid, shall and may be raised and paid, and andtoimpoin to authorize, permit and impower any person or persons, na- pwfons to rives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate (who are or ^“n^ctbe shall be willing) to advance or contribute the fame, or any part ' thereof, and to direCt and appoint how and in what manner the said fond, not exceeding thirty five thousand pounds ,

or my shares or proportions thereof, or the payments out of the fame, shall be disposed, aliened, settled or applied, for the iatisftCtion- of the persons who shall advance or contribute the said film, not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds; any law for suppressing of lotteries, or any other Jaw or statute to the contrary notwithstanding: and likewise to direct how and and to dirtfi {n what manner the monies, which shall be payable to any per- h?w the fbn 'or persons out of the said yearly fond, shall and may be transferred and assigned, from time to time, without power of Tevrieariort, with such further powers, directions, and daufes, to bO inferred in the said letters patents, as may belt conduce to the effectual settlement of the said yearly fund, and the satisfaction of the contributors thereupon ; which (kid letters pa- The letters tents fb to be made and passed, and such powers, directions, patents good and daufes, (b to be contained therein, shall be firm, valid,m “w> and effectual in law, according to the true meaning thereof, tnd of this present act; the said FcftriCtioas in the fiud ad of

the

4

No fee to be taken.

nor money to be diverted.

on pain of in capacity, and treble damages.

Money advanced, tax-free.

Appropriation of the several (upplies granted this Ttflion. x 2 Ann. Hat. x. c. i.

ss Ann. stat. x. c. 2,

Anno duodecimo Ann.®.' c. i i. [1713.

the first year of her Majesty's reign, of in any act for ftlpprcfl^ ing of lotteries, or in any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever contained, or any other law, statute, matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proper officers or persons, who shall, from time to time, be intruded or concerned to pay the monies of the said revenues into the said receipt of Exchequer, for answering the said yearly fund lad mentioned, and the respective officers or persons in the said receipt of Exchequer, who are, from time to, time, to make any payments out of the fame yearly fund, pursuant to the directions of such letters patents, as aforesaid, shall perform their respective duties therein, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any fee, reward, or gratuity for so doing, from the party who is to receive such money; and in case any such officers or persons shall take or demand any such fee, reward or gratuity, or shall contrary to the directions to be contained in the said letters patents, and the true meaning of this act, divert or misapply any of the monies which ought to be paid into the said receipt, and ifilled thence, upon account of the said yearly fund, every such officer or person shall be incapable of holding any office, or place of trust or profit under her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and shall also forfeit treble damages to the party grieved, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action, suit, bill or information, in any of her Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no cfibin,

Sirivilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one impar-ance shall be allowed.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, That any money to be advanced or contributed, or that shall be payable to any person or persons, or to any corporation whatsoever, by virtue of this act, and of such letters patents, to be passed in pursuance thereof, as aforesaid, shall not be charged or chargeable with any rates, taxes, duties, or impositions whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority afbrcfcid. That all the money lent, and to be lent to her Majesty upon one act of this fession of parliament, intituled, An act for grant* ing an aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thir-teen^ and so much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the loans made or to be made upon that act, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and thexbavges thereby allowable for raising the said tax, shall be fetisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame and all the monies lent, or to be lent unto her Majesty upon another act of this fession of parliament, for granting to her Majesty duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, (or the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and so much money of the said duties of malt, mum, cyder and perry thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the loans

made

45

1713'] Anno duodecimo Ann,®:. c. i i.

made or to be made upon that act, or thereby transferred or di-rested to be transferred thereunto,' and the interest thereof, and the charge thereby allowable for the raising the said duties thereby granted, (nail be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame $ and all the sums (not exceeding twelve hundred thousand pounds) authorized by this act to be issued in Exchequer bills, shall be appropriated for or towards the several uses, intents and purposes herein after ex-prefTed, (that is to say) for or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of her Majesty's navy, and for victuals, wages. Ordinary of wear and tear, and other services of the navy, and victualling navy> thereof, performed and to be performed, and for sea-service in the ordnance, performed and to be performed, so as all the issues to be made out of the said aids or supplies, for all the naval or marine services before mentioned, do not in the whole exceed one million and two hundred thousand pounds, over and above the money to be made good to the South Sea company, as is herein after mentioned; and for or towards defraying the charge of half-pay, to such officers as have served well at (ea in Half-pay for the late war, and shall be out of imployment by sea or land in kao®**1*-time of peace, so as such half-pay, within the year one thousand feveii hundred and thirteen, do not exceed ieventeen thousand pounds, out of the fame aids or supplies ; and for or towards defraying the charge of the land-forces in her Majesty's Land forces service for six months, from the two and twentieth day of De~ for 6 months. umber one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the three and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, both inclusive, and for reducing their numbers ; and for Guards and or towards the charge of her Majesty's guards and garrisons in gamfons. Great Britain, from the three and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the five and twentieth day of December following, including general officers and contingencies $ and for or towards the charge of her Majesty's Forces in Mi-forces in the island of Minorca, from the four and twentieth norca. day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the four and twentieth day of December following; and for or to- Forces in Gi-wards the charge of her Majesty's forces in Gibraltar, from the braltar. four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen,. to the four and twentieth day of December following j Forces at and for or towards the charge of her Majesty's forces at Dun- j

tiri for. five months, from the four and twentieth day of June mon one thousand seven hundred and thirteen$ -and for or towards Troops of defraying her Majesty's part of the charge of the pay of the SaxcGotha# Saxe Gotha troops, from the two and twentieth day or December one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the time of their dHmjlfion, with one month's pay from that time, according to the treaty in that behalf; and for or towards defraying Forces in the the chaige of her Majesty's forces in . the plantations for fix plantations, months, from the four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the four and twentieth day of December following j lb as all the iffucs to be made out of the

said

46 Anno duodecimo Anna. aif* [1713*

raid aids or supplies, for the said guards, garrisons, aftd land-forces, as aforesaid, for or upon account of such respective fef-vices, as are before mentioned, do not in the whole exceed nine hundred thirty seven thousand six hundred end eight Half-pay for pounds, eleven shillings and six pence ; and for or towards do* the marine*, f^yfog t^e charge of naif-pay to the officers (who had served well in the said war) of four marine regiments to be difixutded, from the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the four ana twentieth day of Deamber following* lb as such half-pay for the said marine officers do not exceed four thousand eight hundred seventy nine pounds, and six shillings. Half-pay for out of the aids or supplies aforesaid ; and for or towards defray-tand officer*, jpg the charge of half-pay to the land officers who have served well in the said war, and are diibanded, or are to be disbanded, to the five and twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, so as nich half-pay to the said land officers do not exceed ninety nine thousand twenty and eight pounds, six shillings, and eleven pence, out of the fame aids Out-penfum- or supplies; and for or towards defraying the charge of die out-P?n*i°ncirs royal hospital at Chelfcay to the four and

opi * twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, so as the charge last mentioned do not exceed the sum of sixty one thousand four hundred sixty and four pounds, five 'shillings, and seven pence, out of the aids or supplies aforesaid; Extraftrdina- and for or towards defraying extraordinary charges incurred in ric* of the Ute relation to the late war, 10 as such extraordinary charges do not war* exceed in the whole twenty thousand five hundred seventy and

two pounds, five shillings, and ten pence, out of the aios'or Ordnance for supplies before mentioned; and for or towards the charges of land service. the cfficc of her Majesty's ordnance for land (ervice, peffirtmad and to be performed, not to exceed in the whole sixtyjfix tfcov-sand six hundred ninety and eight pounds, three (hiHinto fed five pence, out of the fame aids or supplies, including so undl (not exceeding two thousand pounds) as shall be nocdfay*4o defray the charge of covering the works of the fortifications al-Efficiency of ready begun in North Britain; and for or towards oiakin the daft lot* the deficiency of the fond granted for the payment of pnnerpd terT' and interest of the class tottery in the year one thousandlfetoa

hundred and eleven, for the year ended at Muhatbnas one thou-*■ sand seven hundred and twelve, so as the sum to be fapplied

out of the aids or supplies aforesaid, for or towards the fame de-Salarict, See. ficienor, do not e&ced sixty two thousand pounds; and for or of commit towards satisfaction of the ram of six thousand pounds todefruy

fionertoiac- the salaries and incident charges of the fevetv comraifikmers, tiAim.stat.i. continued by an act of this lession of parliament for fating c. j. 'the publick accounts of the kingdom, from the four and twentieth day of Marth one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the .five and twentieth day of March one thousand seven hua-Salariei, See. dred andfourteen; and die further film of fburthousand«nd five of the com- hundred pounds, to defray the salaries and incident charges oftfo tauw'Sis ®»n»e comtntffiorm, continued by tin fame .aft forfiating-and

6. determining

*7ig-] Anno duodecimo Anna. c.i*. 47

determining the debts to the army, from the four and twentieth debt* to the day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the*1111?* four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; the said respective sums to be issued and paid by quarterly payments to the said commissioners, for themselves, and for payment of their clerks, and other incident charges, without account, imprefl, or other charge to be set upon them or any of them for the fame, or any part thereof; and to none other uses, intents, and purposes whatsoever.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and de-dared. That no appropriation, or other matter or thing in thisjtj!^

aft contained, shall obforuft or hinder any payment or pay-payment by ments, which, by and in pursuance of an arc made in the the treafhrer ninth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for making mie*eood goad deficiencies, and satisfying the publick debts; and for ere fling a a^icncieito corporation to carry on a trade to the South Seas 5 and for the en- the South Sea couragement of the fishery; and for liberty to trade in unwrougbt corporation in iron with the subjefls of Spain, and to repeal the acts for regifiring puJtl^nce °* seamen, and of her Majesty's charter grounded thereupon, are9 or shall be required and authorized to be made by the treasurer or paymaster of the navy, for the time being, or by any other persons to be intruded with the publick monies for the service of the navy, out of such publick monies, tallies, orders, or parliamentary securities in their hands or power respectively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to the corporation erected in pursuance of the act last mentioned, called by the name of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Stas, and other parts of America, and for incouraging the fishery, or to their treasurer, for their ufc j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And*t>e it further enacted and declared. That all

kh of the said arrears and debts (intended by this act to be fa*^tobe^S}? tisfied out of the said sum not exceeding five hundred thousand fied, aligned" poundty to be raised, as aforesaid) ana all debentures for the before 30 June atne, or any of them, as have been, at any time or times be-

fore the thirtieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and redeemed, «c. thirteen, ibid, assigned or granted, or covenanted to be assigned or granted, or for which any authority hath heretofore been given or granted by any of her Majestiy's fenrants, or by any hnfinnd of any her Majesty*s servants, or by any tradesman, or other person, who served provisions or goods for her Majesty'a fcnrice, or by any of their executors or administrators, to re-levvn (the dam, or any part Acreof, to the use of such buyer, affiance, or grantee, or of such person or persons (b authorised, fitaU and may be redeemed, and are hereby redeemable by the persons who made such sales, alignments or grants, or that gm iiich authority respectively, or by their respective execu-V** or administrators, on payment of the principal sum of mo-acy paid in consideration of making such sales, assignments, covenant* or authorities respectively, with the charges

and

Redemption to be within 6 months after this session. Claim to be entered in the office where the debt became due before 19 Sept. 1713.

Saving dause.

48 Anno duodecimo Annje. c. 12. [1713.

and interest for the fame, from the time of the payment thereof, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annumy dif-counting for what hath been received, for or in respect of the arrear or debt, by any such person or persons, to whom such i'ale, alignment or authority was made or given; and upon payment, or tender of the said principal money, interest and charges, such sale, grant, alignment or authority, and all covenants and agreements concerning the fame shall be void.

XXXV. Provided nevertheless, That such redemption, as aforesaid, be made within the space of six months from and after the end of this session of parliament.

XXXVI. Provided always, That no such redemption shall be allowed, unless the party, who shall claim the benefit thereof, do enter or cause to be entred a note or memorandum of such claim in the office where the said arrear or debt became due, in a book to be kept in every such office for that purpose, on or before the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirteen.

XXXVII. Saving always to all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucccfiors, executors, administrators and assigns (other than to her Majesty, her heirs and successors) all such rights, titles, estates, customs, ia-terefts, claims and demands whatsoever, of, in, to or. out of any of the revenues or hereditaments, charged or chargeable by virtue of this act with any sum not exceeding thirty five thousand pounds, as they or any of them had or ought to have before the making of this act, as fully to all intents and pur? poses, as if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Appropria- . XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted 1 tion of authority aforesaid, That the said sum of five hundred^

5oo,ocbL sand pounds, or so much thereof as shall be i^ifed, as afbrjefiud*

is hereby appropriated, and shall be applied and disposed in aid of the said revenues or branches, which were appointed for fujp^ port of her Majesty's houshold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, for or towards the paying and difehatging such arrears of salaries, wages, diet money, and other alio ances, and such debts for eruptions, provisions, ahdr other causes, as shall appear to be justly due and owing to her Majesty's Servants, tradesmen, and others, as aforesaid, and to none other use, intent or purpose whatsoever.

CAP. XU. . if

An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued inher'M^e-, fty's service $ and for the payment of the said forces, and of phep quarters. EXP. t ‘

*7*3-3

Anno duodecimo Anna. c. 13,14.

49

CAP. XIII.

An aB to enable such officers and soldiers as have been in her Majesty's service % during the late war, to exercise trades, and for officers to account with their soldiers.

WHEREAS there bath been and are divers officers and fil-diers who have served her Majesty in the late wars, and were infirumeneal, by the blessing of Almighty God> in obtaining an advantageous peace for theft kingdoms, some of which art men that used trades, others that were apprentices to trades, who had not Jerved out their times, and others who by their own in'iuftry have made themfUves apt and fit for trades, many of which (the wars be* beg now ended) would willingly imploy themselves in those trades which they were formerly aecuftsmei to % or which they are apt or aUe to foliowy and make use of for the getting their living by their awn labour, but are or may be kindred from exertifing those trades in certain cities and corporations, and other places witbtn this kingdom* becanfi of certain by-laws and customs of those places, and of the flattie made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, prohibiting the nfe 5 Eli*, c. 41 of certain trades by any perfen who bath not served as an apprentice U such trade for the space of [toon years: for remedy whereof, be R enacted, &r.

Officer* and soldiers who have not deserted the service, having used any trade, or that were apprentices, and did not serve out their times, may 1fet up and exerciTe trades : that is to say, apprentices may fet up their trades^ tfaftigb they have not served out their times, and others any trade H the counties where they were born. And if indicted, may plead the general issue, and shall recover treble coils. Service, how to be proved, repaby of producing a forged commission, or false certificate. Payma-ffiers to state accounts of dimanded regiments, and pay the arrears to the colonels. Colonels to state accounts with the captains; and the captains with inferior officers. See. and pay what is due, on forfeiture of double tfct sum. ^ Disbanded soldiers fitting up trades shall be freed from arrefU for three years, and their itock. See. from being taken in execution.

Executors of colonels, agents, &c. who died indebted to the officers and AWkvs, bail pay such debts, preferably to ail others. Executors having paid dfjbti before the making of this act, such payment shall be good.

Neither this, nor the ie & it W. 3. c. 11. shall prejudice the privileges of Chriordoad Cambridge. E X P.

CAP. XIV.

An aB for explaining the aBs for licensing hackney chairs;

WHEREAS by an aB of parliament made in the ninth year 9 Ann. c.

cf her now Majesty's reign, intituled, An act: for licensing ahd regulating hackney coaches and chairs, and for charging certain new duties on stampt vellum, parchment and paper,

■and on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock (alt for Ireland* and for securing thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the post-office, and by several duties on hides and lkins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the JitisfaAion ot such orders as are therein mentioned, to the con-Vol. XIII. E triburors

50 . Anno dacdedmo AnHje-c. i4* [171J.

tributors of any sum not exceeding two millions, to be raised for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions, a power was given to the commissioners therein mentioned, for ticenjhg two hundred chairs within the cities of London and weftairmer, and suburbs thereof \ and all parishes and places within the weekly bills of mortality, for the term of thirty two years, from the four (md twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven ; and xo Ann. c. 19. by another act of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of {. 15a. her said Majesty, the said commissioners had a power for the licensing on additional number of chairs, not exceeding one hundred, from 'the twenty fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, ftithe term of thirty one years % within the cities and liberties dfmjaid^ so that the whole shall not exceed thrte hundred: and wbtitos By the aforesaid act, made in the ninth year of her said Mayfly's beign, it 9 Ann. c. 13. is, amongst other things, enabled, That the said commtffiontispMi, in the first place, license all such persons as had then been Undent 1toachmen, or ancient chairmen, or the widows of any of them, unlfl they fhouhl neglett or refuse to take such licences, upon the rtfptdhve terms thereby allowed, within a reasonabie time to be Hftriied By the said commissioners, not less than twenty days: and whereat fevered doubts have arisen, whether the said commissioners art obliged By the said act of the ninth of the Queen, to license the widows ofihairHi/Ui or to let them have the benefit of such licences as were grantedHthm husbands whiljl living, and several suits of law have been commence# thereupon, to the great oppression and grirjanc: of the parties coti* concerned; be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most excgHetiit majesty, by and with the advice and content of the torch Qil*-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ^ners stall in affemMC(U and by the authority of the fame. That the tomihif- the first place loners for the time being, for licensing coaches and chairs^ licence the wi- pursuant to the recited adh mentioned, shall and are hereby re-clows of hack- quired, in the first place, to license all and every the widow and unless the^11* w^ows of hackney chairman or chairmen respectively, uffib negfeft to take have died or shall die pofteiTcd of any licence or licences, grant-out such li- ed by the said commissioners in pursuance of the said acte, im-cencein area- less such widow or widows shall neglect or refuse to fake such sonable time. };CCnces upon the respective terms allowed by the said ftc|tdR acts, within a reasonable time to be limited by the said c6tn-missioners, not less than twenty days.

Such widow*, u# Provided always, and be it further enacted by the author and ants **ty aforesaid, That such widow or widows, their chairs,' (far* Ifable to such vants, and every other person or persons carrying the fame, rules, &c. as shall be subject and liable to such rules, penalties, puntAuriatts, other licenied orders, and bye-laws, made, or to be made, concerning Mr Conlbnud by ee°ikA hackney chairs, by virtue of the said recited adfca, as any i6Geo.».ctx6. Dther licensed chairman is by the said acts liable unto; any thajg to *4 June in this act, or in the said recited adtt, contained to tha contrary 1760, &c. in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP.

>7*3-3

Anno duodecimo Amur. c. 15,16.

CAP. XV.

An act for making perpetual an act made in the seventh year of the reign of the late King William, intituled, An act to prevent false and double returns of members to serve - in parliament.

H £ REAS in the seventh year of the reign of the late King 7 & g w. * v* William the Third, an act was made, intituled,, An act to c. 7. prevent false and double returns of members to serve in parliament, and was thereby enacted to continue for the term of seven years9 and from thence to the end of the next Jessions of parliament, and no longer ; which act by another act made in the twelfth year of 1 * & 13 W. y the reign of the said late King, intituled, An act for continuing a c* 5-former act to prevent false and double returns of members to serve in parliament, was enacted, should thereafter be in force for and during the term of eleven years, and from thence to the end of the frft sessions of the next parliament, and no longer \ which said act has Seen found by experience to be very useful for the preservation of the rights of the several counties, cities and boroughs of this kingdom, in the eleftson of members to serve in parliament, and being near ex-firing : be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most excellent tnajesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri* rmd and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said act pba^le in the seventh year of the reign of the late King Itilliam The aft 7 k t fixe Third, intituled, An act to prevent false and double returns *fWmJ'c* 7' menders to serve in parliament, and every clause, matter and pcr^c" thing therein contained, shall be, and is hereby declared to be ip full force, and is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XVI.

dfy act for the better encouragement of the making of sail-cloth in Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

parts of this united kingdom, implying many thovjands of the poor3 and is brought to great perfection; but by the duties on hemp and flax importedf and drawback on foreign made jail-cloth exported, the ma-bm>ef British faiUclotb have not a sufficient encouragement for so 1 ufefiu and beneficial a manufacture \ therefore we your Majesty'* ooft dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have given and granted to your Majesty such additional duty upon foreign sail-cloth to be imported, as it herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

£ 2 feme.

52

Anno duodecimo Ann c. i6.

After 11 July fame, That from and after the one and twentieth day of July a h|r- one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, over and above all

id^pei^ell? subsidies, duties, impositions and payments, already due and

laid on foreign payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majesty, for or upon sail-cloth, &c. such foreign made fails and sail-cloth, or canvas usually entred imported for as Hollandi Duck or Vitry canvas, which shall be lit and proper even ycais. tQ ma(je ufc 0fj for making of fails for navigating ships and vessels, and which shall be imported into Great Britain by way Except canvas of merchandize, except such canvas as is of the product ana of the product manufacture of Ireland, there shall be raised and levied, collected of Ireland. ancj pay unto her Majesty, her heirs and successors, a further

. duty of one penny per ell, and after that rate for greater or

lesser quantities, during the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament,' aivfno longer; the fame to be raised, levied, collected and recovered, by such ways, means and methods, and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as aityfub-fidy payable to her Majesty, for any other goods or menchta-' dizes imported, or to be imported, may by any law or-laws now in force be raised, levied, collected and recovered.

Out of the II. And whereat hemp and flan imported draws back nothing of said duty shall the duties paid for the fame, when wrought up into BritifK faiUcloth % rewircTof Td ^ xt ena<^e<l by the authority afore said, That out or the find per ell for fail- additional duty of one penny per ell, a reward or recompence cloth made in of one penny be given and paid for every ell of British made Great Britain, fai].cloth or canvas, fit for or made into fails, which from and Said time after the one and twentieth day of July one thousand fevetl shall be e^ hundred and thirteen, and within the said term of seven years, ported. or at any time before the end of the then next fession of ^parliament, shall be exported out of Great Britain by way ormer-The exporter chandize: provided always, That the exporter of such to make oath made sail-cloth shall always, before he receives any such reward, made in M 'ma^e °ath (which the proper officers of the customshavfc here* Great Britain,^/ Power to administer) that such foil-cloth was made in Great is actually ex-Britain, is actually exported or shipped to be exported/without ported, &c. any intention to be relanded in any part of Great Britain, and that no former reward upon this act was made for the ffiys sail-cloth. ■■ r'

Penalty of re- HI. And it is hereby enacted, That if any BritishmiAn fiifc

landing sail-cloth for which such reward has been given*

cloth, for which such reward shall be given, (hallberelanM in Great Britain, the fame shall be forfeited; and*every peribfi concerned in bringing back or relanding the fame, shall forfeit two shillings for every ell so brought back or relanded ? ofte moiety of which forfeitures shall be to her Majesty/ vntHhe other moiety thereof to such as will seize, infornvor foefoCthe fame, or the value thei vof, to be recovered by action, bill, salt or itiformationy in any her Majesty*s courts'of record -at rninJUr^ - Or in the Exchequer* at Edinburgh, wherein no eflofai protection, wager of law, or more rhan one imparhmkefltaH be allowed. Vbis alt is continued for seven years by ioGVr.i. ri 17. f j^'anetty 5to Gto. 2. c* 45. to 1 June-*754,;

i773'J Anno duodecimo Anna, c. 17. 53

CAP. XVII.

An act to vest in the emmifftoners for building fifty new new churches in and about London and Westminster, and suburbs theredf, as much of the street near the May-. Pole in the Strand in the county of Middlesex, as Jhdll he Jufficient to build one of the said churches upon ; and . for nefloring to the principal and scholars of King's Hall and college of Brazen Nose in the university of Oxon* their right of presentation to churches and chapels in Step-ricyparish.

\1^HEREAS by an act of parliament pajfcd in the ninth year 9 Ann* c* 21# . of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for granting to her Majesty several duties upon coals, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and tVefiminster* and suburbs thereof, and other purposes therein mentioned, it is'famangfl other things) enabled, That it should and might be lawful to and for her Majesty, by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to nominate, constitute and appoint such persons as her Majesty should think fit, to be commiJftoners9 to enquire and inform themselves in what parishes the said new churches (except on* for. Greenwich) were most necessary to be built, and of proper places for the files of the said respettive new. churches; and also a cemetery or church-yard for each of the said churches; and also which of the tbapeis within the said parishes are fit to be made parish churches; and that they should ascertain the several houses, lands, tenements, and bemUtamonts, and the bounds and limits which in their judgments or opinion might be fit to be made diflinfl parishes: and whereas her Majesty, by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain* boating date at Westminster the one and twentieth day of Septembers the tenth year of her reign, did nominate, constitute, authorize and appoint Thomas lord archbishop of Canterbury, John lord archbishop of York, John lord bishop of Bristol, Henry lord bishop hf London, Jonathan lord bijhcp of Winchester, Nathaniel lord bijbap 4/" Durham, and divers other persons, to be commissioners for the purposes aforesaid: and whereas by another ail of parliament peffediu the tenth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for 10 Ann. c. ix enlarging the time given to commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an act for granting to her Majesty several duties on-coals for building fifty new churches in and about the cities efi London and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, and othdr purposes therein mentioned; and for giving the said commissioners further power for better effecting the fame j and for appointing monies for rebuilding the parish church of St. lidary Weednoth in the city of London, it is, among ft other things, enabled, That the emmifftoners, or any five or more of them, should pro-eeed to do and perform all and every the matters and things in and by the find aits intended to be done and performed: and it is thereby provided and enaiitd> That it should and might be lawful to and for

E 3 her

Anno duodecimo AtotiJB. G. 17, [1713*

her Majesty, her heirs and successors, at any time before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, by letters patent under the great Jeal of Great Britain, to nominate ' eonjlitute and appoint such persons to be commissioners to execute all and every the powers in the first receited act, and in the fold la ft alt mentioned, as her Majesty should think fit: and whereas her Majesty Hi, in pursuance of the said last receited act, by letters patent udder the great seal of Great Britain, bearing date the seven and ttbenthtb Jay of September one thousand seven hundred and twelvenOmintdc, Unfiitute and appoint Thomas lord archbishop of Canterbury, John lord archbishop of York, Simdn lord Harcourt, then brdMplerif the great seal oj Great Britain (now lord high chancellor of Greet Britain) John duke of the county of Buckingham and Nomtanfey, Henry viscount Bolingbroke, the right reverend father in' Gel William lord Injhop of Chester, and the right reverend father.}* God Philip then lord b\Jbop of St. Davids (now lard bijbap oftJcic* ford) and divers other ptrfms, to be tornmissioners; and that they, or any Jive or more of them, should do, perform, and execute aft' ami every the powers, matters and things, in and by the said recited acts, and either of them, appointed to be done and performed: and whereas the vacant piece of ground at and about the May-Pole in the SvrwoA in the county ^Middle lex, is a proper place for the building toe of the said fifty new churches upon, which cannot be appropriated to that uje, without the aid of parliament; be it therefore cradled, btc.

The watte ground in the Strand on which the new church i« to be built, vetted in the coinmissioners appointed by letters patent bearing ctof, *7 Sept. S7it* Such church to be deemed.one of the fifty new ones- A ttreet^way and pattage to be left on the north side and east end of the'ftfd ChdrrA.

9 Ann. c. 16. IV. ftnd whereas by an act made in the first session of thiy poffeni a private a#, parliament, intituled, An act for confirming to the princjpf^^nd Jcholars of King's Hall and college of Brazen Nose in in£ bhi-verfity of Oxon, the purchase of the advowsons of Stejnef and s Other churches, and for settling the fame to the benefit- df'the said college, it if provided, That it shall and may be lawfulta'and for the said principal and scholars, and their Jucceffiors^upoqoyvri vacancy, jrom time to time, to nominate and appoint respectively Jit i/erks to officiate in the chapel of Stratford-bow, and wW/yw churches or chapels that then were or should be built, within the^fm-rish ^/'Stebui^heath alias Stepney in the county of MiddJefex/ and to receive the profits belonging to the Jame : and whereas by noldUjh in an act made in the second sessions of this present parliament, mi* so Ann, c. ij. tilled. An act for enlarging the time given to the eommffT&nm appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an act for grarttingttt her Majesty several duties on coals, for building fifty new churches, in and about the cities of London and Westminster and suburbs thereof, and other purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said commissioners further powers for better gffeding the fame, and for appointing monies for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Mary IVoohtoth in the city of London, it js enacted, That in apery new church and faffb /f be erected or

fonftitHtfd

ijriS'I Anno duodecimo Annjb. c. 18. 55

unflitutti purfuunt to tbt fame aft {other than such chapels as, according to the same act, should be converted into parochial churches) the first reftor should be nominated and appointed by her Majesty, of and in such stew church and parish \ in which act there being no express Joying to the said principal and scholars, and their successors, of their right upon every vacancy, from time to time, to notninate or pre-font respectively fit clerks to officiate, as aforesaid, it may happen to be controverted, whether the first reftor in every new church andpa-rjjb, to be erected or confiituted pwrfuant to the same act, in the said parish of Stcbunheath alias Stepney, and also in such chapels within the same parish as should be converted into parochial churches, pur- ‘ fount to the same act, might belong to the said principal and scholars9 and thfir successors, to nominate and appoint; now for the preventing of all such controverts, it is hereby enacted, (sV.

The principal and schotari of Brazen Nose in Oxford, shall nominate the first reftor in every new church or chapel turned into a church in Step-neyj^rii^^Nothing in this act shall prejudice the right, Scc. of John

CAP. XVIII.

Ax aS for making perpetual tbt alt made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the better relief of the

poor of this kingdom; and that persons bound apprentices to, or being hired farvantswith persons coming with

certificates, shall not gam settlements by such services or apprenticeships: and for making perpetual the act made in

the sixth year of her present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the importation of cochineal from any ports in Spain, during the present war, and six months longer : and for reviving a clause in an all made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of the late King William, ,

An act for settling die trade to , for allowing foreign copper bars imported, to be exported.

WHEREAS an act made in the thirteenth and ij&*4C«r.a»

years of the reign of th* late King Charles the Second, c' **

tnUi, An act for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, mao enacted, to have continuance ( except what related to the corpo-

rations . therein mentioned, and thereby conjiituted) only until the twenty-ninth day of May one thousand six hundred five, and

from thence to the end of the first fcjftonsof the next parliament; which said act, by an all made in the first year of the reign of the late King James the Second, (except what related to tbt corporations therein mentioned, and thereby conjiituted) was enailed to be in forte i Jae. s. c. 17. from the first day of May one thousand six hundred eigbty-five, and ft to continuefor the fpact of seven years, and from thence to the end

of the next Jfssions ef parliament ■, and by an all made in the third andfourth years of the reign of King William Queen Mary.

E 4 the

56 Anno duodecimo Annjb. c. 18. £1713.

3 & 4 W. & M. /if said act (as to what therein related to the /Settlement tf the peer)

c‘” jww enacted to he in forte from the first day of March one theetfitnd

six hundred ninety-one; fa/ no provtjton was thereby mads for* amti-nuing divers other parts of the said act, which fend aft, intituled, An act for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, at to all parts thereof net mentioned and continued in and by the find a ft made

4 & 5 W, Sc M. in the third and fourth years of their late' Majofiics (ether than and c. if f. it. except what relates to the corporations mentioned in the said act, [For

the better relief of the poor of this kingdom,] and thereby eofr Jlituted) was, by an act made in the fourth and fifth ;years of the reign of their late Majesiies, continued only for toe /pace ef ftueu years, from the thirteenth day c/Februanr one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the end of the next ftffim of partfo* imint; which said act afterwards by an act rf the eleventh and twifftb it & i* W. years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An *3* iift for continuing several laws therein mentioned, was continued

only for fevtn years, from the twenty-ninth day of September Mr thousand seven hundred \ and which said act of the thirteenth and

5 Ann. c. 34, fourteenth years of the reign of the said late King Charles the Second,

intituled. An act for the better relitf of the poor of this kingdom, by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of her pnfent dm-jesty, intituled, An act for continuing the laws therein'mentioned relating so the poor, and to the buying and selling of cattle in Smithfield, and for suppressing of piracy, was enacted to be in force from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven (except what relates to the corporations therein mentioned, and thereby confiituted) only for seven years, and fromtbeHte to the end of the next sessions of parliament; which said act of the thirteenth utnd fourteenth years of the reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the better relief-of die poor of this kingdom, being found to be a.very ufiful and ncajfcry Amended by law, and being near expiring; be it therefore enacted by the

21 Geo. 1. Queen's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana coti-c* *9' sent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. Ti e aft 13 & That the said act, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years 24Car. a.c.ii. Qf the said late .King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for mrte peipe- ^ yeUer ^ 0j> t^s iingfam^ shall be and is hereby

made perpetual.

J II. And whereas by an act made in the eighth and ninth years of the s & 9 W. 3. reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An act for fdj>-

C plying some defects in the laws for the relief of the poor of this

kingdom, It wasamongfl other things enacted, in the wordsfoUowiHg,

. (n\z.)\That if any person or persons whatsoever, that from and afier the first day of May one thousand six hundred hinety-seven shallamt into any parish, or ether place, there to inhabit or re side, shall, at the same time, procure, bring, and deliver to the churcrzoardens cr otbr-seers of the poor of the parish or place where any such person shall come to inhabit, or to any or either of them, a certificate under the hands and seals of the churchwardens and over jeers of the poor of ary other parish, townjbrp or place, or the major part of thorn,' or under

57

1713.3 Anno duodecimo Ann^e. c. 18.

the bands and seals of the overseers of the poor of any ether place* where there are no churchwardens* to be attefixd respeitively by two or wore credible witnesses* thereby owning and acknowledging the per-fort or persons mentioned in the find certificate* to be an inhabitant or inhabitants legally settled in that parish* tow^ship or place* every fads certificate having been allowed of and subseribed by two or more of the jufikesof the peace of the county* city* liberty* borough, or town corporate,wherein the parish or place* from whence any such certificate {ball come, doth lie* shall oblige the said parish or place to re* envt and provide for the person mentioned in the said certificate* together with his or her family* as inhabitants of that parish* whenever be+Jbe* or they fhau happen to become chargeable to, or be forced to ajk relief of the parish* township or place* to which such certificate was given* and then* and not before* 1/ yZw// may be lawful for any such person* tfm/ Aij or her children, though born in that parish* not having otherwise acquired a legal settlement there, be removed*

conveyed* and settled in the parish or place from whence such certificate was brought: and whereas many persons obtaining ana bringing such certificates* do frequently take apprentices* bound by indenture* and hire and keep servants by the year* who* by reason of such appren-tueships and services* do gain Jettlements in* and become a great burthen to such parishes, townships and places* though such mqfiers coming with such certificates have* by virtue thereof* no settlements in such parishts* townships or places: for remedy whereof, it is de- After 24 Jane dared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any per- Vf3* any Person whatsoever, who, upon or after the four and twentieth day p°r"n^CenCo?P' of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, shall be an Being a hjrcd apprentice, bound by indenture to, or shall, upon or after the servant, to one said four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hun- w!?o canine into dred and thirteen, be a hired servant to or with any person whatsoever, who did come into or shall reside in any parish, town- shall not gain {hip or place, in that part of Great Britain called England* by a settlement means or licence of such certificate, and not afterwards having there* by regained a legal settlement in such parish, township or place, such apprentice, by virtue of fuchapprenticeship, indenture or bind- £c# mg, and such servant by being hired by, or serving as a servant, as aforesaid, to such person, shall not gain or be adjudged to have any settlement in such parish, township or place, by rea-ion of such apprenticeship or binding, or by reason of such hiring or serving therein ; but every such apprentice and servant shall have his and their fetflements in such parish, township or place, as if he or they had not been bound apprentice or apprentices, or had not been an hired servant or servants to such person, as aforesaid * any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

HI. And whereas cochineal being of the growth of the Spanish West Indies, is of principal ufc in dying of clothes* and other the woollen mmufadurei of this kingdom* Jcarlets* purples* and other colours called grain colours* to the great improvement thereof* and implaying of great numbers of her Maiefiy's subjects* in finishing and forfeiting such woollen manufacture: and whereas before the cel

S % Anno duodecimo Anna. c. 18.' [ 1713

faffed in thefixth year tf her , An

act for the importation of cochineal from any ports in Spain, during the present war, and six months longer, cochineal could not be imported into this kingdo, but from the places of its growth, although the fame was then, and is now sold at cheaper rates in everal parts of Europe, and used as well in dying toe said manufactures tf this kingdom abroad, as alft foreign manufactures, at.lower prizes than her Majesty s fub , to the incouragement of foreign woollen manufactures, and the groat prejudice of those of kingdom, and isnpeveri/bment tf many of her Majesty's employed therein, if the said ail not be further continued % be it

therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act perpetual. * made in the sixth year of her present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the importation of cochineal from any ports in Spain, daring the trefent war, ana six months mall be and hi

hereby made perpetual ; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

9 ft 10 W. 3. JV. And whereas in an made in the ninth and tenth years of

c. *6. the reign of the late King William, intituled, An act to settle-tf>0

trade to Africa, a clauft was in the words following, viz.

And whereas by an a3of parliament made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of his frefent and the late Queen Maryj

Amongst other things, it was enaited, That no other tipper (ban what is made of English ore only, should be exported, which proving very prejudicial to the trade of England, by enabling foreigners to export copper much cheaper than it can be carriedfrom England £

tnafled by the authority aforesaid, That it Jbali end may be laitfhl fir and for any of his Majesty's to export from England mlfiub

topper bars, as hath or shall be imported into England from foreign farts, and upon oxportation Jbali draw both all duties, or vacate Jecuritits, fruing the half of tho old subsidy, as is usual in other commodities : which clauft being j and forasmuch at

matsufaCurtof this kingdom is brought to such that there.

The dause in ,f more made than can be expended here and in the plantations { be it

the act 9 ft therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said.

10 w. j.c 16. ejause, and every matter and thing therein contained, shall bo

^ f and is hereby immediately, from and after the time of the ®x-v

copper ban piration thereof, revived in full force, and shall be #nd ift. imported, hereby continued for and during the space and term of fourteen;

continued for years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parlian

14 years, &c. ment> amJ no longer.

No drawback V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no draw-r except for back shall be allowed on the exportation of any copper,, bufr Esft India and fitch as hath been or shall be imported from the East Indies uni Barbary cop- the coast of Barbary only. Continued with 9 fcf 10IV. 3. c. 26

ij Geo. 1. S' *9*

C. »jh,

Anna

i7ij-]! Anno duodecimo Anna. Scat. a. c. i, &

i

Anno Regni ANN.® Regina Magna Britannia, Francia & Hibernia, duodecimo, St at. 2.

AT the parliament Summoned to be held at Westminster

the twelfth day of November, Anno Domini one thou-

sand seven hundred and thirteen, in the twelfth year of the reign of our foveretgn Lady Anne, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, Queen, defender of the forth, &c. And by several writs of prorogation begun and balden on the Sixteenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and thirteen (a) and by several adjournments conti-nued to the ninth day of July in the thirteenth year of the

Majesty'sreign. Being the frft fession of this present Moment.

CAP. L

An act for granting an aid to her Majesty, to be raiTed by a land-tax in ' Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred hnd fourteen. B X P. si. intbt food.

CAP. II.

ffnaSt for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of salt,

..to be made use of for the curing of ffb taken at North seas, or at lfleland.

WHEREAS the fishing for tod in the North seas, ant at lfleland, gives great employment to the navigation of thit kingdom, and broods up great numbers of hardy and ma+

risers for defence of the realm, and improvement of ; and whereas the fold fishing trade cannot be so eft finally carried on, unie/i salt for euring cod taken there, may be bad free cf excise; for too preftrvation therefore,and incouragement of the , be it

etn&ed by the Queen's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com*-jltons, In this present parliament assembled, and by the author rity of the fame, That the matter of any boat or vessel bound Matter of X on a fittiing voyage to the North seas, or may take on vessel bound so

board his laid boat or vessel, in any port of Great Britain, such foe North fear,

rntifies of British salt, as he (halljudge proper and neCeflary BritiftT&hon his said voyage, such matter paying or giving security to pay board, giving the duties due and payable for the fame; which money shall be security to pay repaid, or security shall be discharged, in such manner as isthe duties, herein after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the °®“T wher* officer of the place where the said salt was made, and the duties thereof paid, or fecund to be paid, shall, upon demand, de- give the maf-liver gratis to such matter of the vessel, a certificate, under his uracertificam

hand ®? foe quan-

6o

. Anno duodecimo Anna ci:8 > *- 1713.7*

hand and seal, of the particular quantity of salt shipped on board his vfcflel for the North-teas, 'or IJUiand % -and that tUS duties oa such salt have been paid or fecurea to be paid.

Codfilh, &c. III. And be it ena£ted*by the authority aforesaid, That Godin ay be ira- fish, ling or hake, which have been caught and cured at the

P°IhCd* North leas, or at IJleland, may be imported and ‘landed^ *(b as

that iTcame oath bc -*nade- before the landing thereof, by the owner or

from the proprietor of such fish, or the tfafter of the vessel, before the

North seas,&c. officer for the said duties in the port or place where such fiftf and (b at the fh*ll be imported^ brought- in, or landed, (who is hereby im< to the officer P°were^ and required to admmifter the fame, without feeder of the duti.t, charge) That all the fish so imported came from the North feasy> to have part or Ifglandy and were caught and cured there, and foas the said of the tail cut fish be, at the landing thereof, and before the fame be removed °fr' from the (bore, tendred to the officer of the port for the said

duties, to have part of the tail of every such codfish, Kng or* hake, tut off, that no allowance for.fulh fish be obtained upore exportation; and-the said officer is hereby impowered and re- Fishlanded be* quired to cut off part of the tail of all such fish on the importa-t«n- tion thereof; and in case any such fish shall be landed before the fame shall be tendred 10 the officer, to have part of the tail cut off, as aforesaid, all the fish so landed shall be forfeited, and double the value thereof, to be recovered of the importer- or proprietor thereof.

Fond (alt to be IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if thrown over- any of the salt so madeufe of irr curing of fish shall' remain, such twar“# foul salt shall be thrown over board and destroyed, in the pre-fence of (he officer for the salt-duties for such port, before the collector shall sign his certificate.

Salt not used, V. .And be it ensured by the authority aforesaid, That if it Tf" shall happen, that any of the salt so taken on board for coring entry be** not have been used for that purpose, it shall ana

made thereof. may he lawful to and for the mailer of such ship or vessel to land the said salt, so as an entry be made thereof within ten days after his coining into any port in Great Britain that be shall first arrive at, and the duties paid down for the fame,

. fore such salt, or,any part thereof, shall be landed or take* out

of any such ship or vessel: and if such matter shall nqgiefi;dr ter the fak; it refofe to enter such salt, in such port where he shall first arrive) shall be.for- and pay down the duties for the fame within the said mvday*

‘aTm/h! (except in case of his being driven into any port, or detained

v2tae“there, by stress of weather or contrary winds, or other unavoidi able necessities) then and in such case all the salt on board fodt ship or vessel shall be forfeited, and double the value thereof, to be recovered of the owner or proprietor of such fish, or the matter of the vessel, or the person commanding the fame m that voyage.

On producing . VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the a certificate of matter of such boat or vessel, upon producing to the collector the quantity the salt-duties for the port where he imports his fish, such !board ftc.and c-rtificarc of the quantity of (alt taken on board, and that the

duties

1713O Attn6 duodecimo ANN^. Stat. 2. C. 2. 6i

duties of it were paid or secured to be paid, and making oath on oath made before the find collector, of the particular quantity of the salt in ot 1)0" T1™* such certificate mentioned, that was madeufe of in curing of ^r* “ ^ codfiflv lfog or hake, caught and cured at the North fca, or at the fecurit/ IJUkniy and that the said fish have been all marked, as afore* given for the said, that there may be no allowance obtained for the fame pay*™1?1 of upon exportation (which oath the: said collector is hereby impowered and required to administer without fee or charge) shall and the coL* receive gratis from the said collector a certificate of the famej le&or shall re-which, together with a certificate .of payment of the duty of the pay the dork* nemairider of the flit taken in for that voyage, if there shall be without fte-any remainder; (which certificate he shall also receive gratis) being produced to the collector of the salt»duties for the place where the duties on the said salt were paid or secured to be paid, such security shall be discharged, and all and every sum and luma of money paid for the duty of the said salt, fhalT be repaid -upon demand by the said collector, without fee or reward,

VII- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thc duties of That if the matter of any such boat or vessel shall have taken in (2\t that pc-any quantity of British (alt, for the curing of fish in the North ri<hed at Tea, fcis, or at lfhlandy as aforesaid, the duties of the salt having01* ^as taken been paid or secured to be paid, and the'vessel bn which such Jbdt, as .aforesaid, is shipped, shall either perish at sea, or be ^ * taken by enemies with such salt on hoard her, that in such case any merchant or person, owner of the said salt, shall, upon proof made before the justices of the peace at the quarter-fefc .

Coni h*Id for the county, riding, division or town, wherein he doth inhabit, of the loss of such salt so shipped, receive from the said sessions a certificate that such proof was made beforft t&em, and upon producing the said certificate to the officer of the place, where the duty on such salt shall have been paid or ‘faoured to be paid, such security shall be discharged, and so anioh money, as was actually paid for the duty of the said salt, shall'bd* repaid upon demand by the said officer, without fee of reward*, provided such proof be made within nine months after fedh.iofsor taking, as aforesaid. '

-riyBfc- And 'be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid j onehalf of the Tfafc*U p*iidhies and forfeitures given by this or* any forme* forfeitures ' law,- relating to the duties of excise upon salt, shall be dittri^fhaN be-to the iuufc&tn manner following, (that is to say) one moiety thereof crown*thf tOdicriMajesty, her heirs and successors, and the other moiety

4b>ehenfficet or officers who shall feixe, foe, or inform for the be recovered fcaac, to be feed for,' recovered and levied, in such manner and as by the laws dorm, and with such power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty °* e*c5,e« wf forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigatipft by any law of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint* or inform tnation, in any of her Majesty's courts, of record at JVtftminJier 5 sutdiall andevery* officer avid officers for the said duties on salt* ,.. . 7:' f .. ; <sve4unneby authorized and impowered to ferae all'salt and other - - -1

4hiAg*wfcioh by this oranyibrmeir-aft or law relating to the*dtf-&*4u* salt are declared to be forfeited.

2

IX. And

$ % Anno duodecimo Annjb. Sue. 2. c. 3. {171 j.

IX. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or perlbni shall at any time be sued or profa:uted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this, or any other of the statutes relating to tire duties of excise upon salt, or the powers thereby given, he or they shall or may plead General {flue, the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence for his defence; and if upon a trial, a verdidk shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuit, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting the said acr PoBbfe costs. tions, then such defendant and defendants shall have double costs to him or them awarded, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which cods he shall have remedy, as in other oafas where costs are by law given to defendants.

CAP. III.

An act for charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the yeat fine thousand seven hundred and fourteen j and for the oncost* ragement of the distilling brandy from malted corn and cyder -, and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer and lottery tickets, loft, burnt or destroyed; and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England, and others, to lend money upon South Sea flock.

Eli*, c. 4. IX. AND whereas in and by one act of parliament made in the * 3>< iV fifth year of the reign of £>ueen Elizabeth, intituled. An

containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry and apprentices, it is enacted in the words following s be it further enacted by the authority That after the fitfi

day of May next coming, it Jbeil not he lawful to any person or fans, other than such as new do lawfully use or exercise any myfi~ tery, or manual occupation, to fit up, occupy, use or exereifo easy

craft, myfieryor occupation, now or occupied within thit realm

For tbtappli- of England or Wales, except he have been brought sjaj?" °Jtb‘ seven years at the leafi as an apprentice, in manner and form ahmsya ZSSSL fif4* r to fet any person on work in such myRtry* art or oecvpa* Jg. qftbis tion, being not a workman at this day* except be /ball have been

{$*,/ 69* prentice* as is aforesaid, or else having fervid as an apprentice* atbt aforesaid, shall or will become a journeyman* or hired by ehi year % upon pain that every person willingly offending or doing the contrary* shall forfeit and loftfor every default forty fillings for every month I upon which aforesaid statute, several difilUrs of brandy or spiritS made from Britirn malt or cyder* Jland tndifled for not having fervei seven years* as aforesaid* to the great difeowragement of the torfump* tion of malted com and cyder* and destruftive to her hAejesty's revenue Any person of excise ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, nuy auw That any person or persons shall or may distil brandy or fpirifil Britiofmdt1 msw*e froai British malt or cyder, and such person or perooi jgQm 9 .shall not be prosecuted for so doing by virtue of the wartbii

ft&tuta,

1713*] Anno duodecimo Anna. Scat. 2. c.}.' 63

statute, or any clause, matter or thing contained therein to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas in and by an act of parliament made and in the tenth year tfher Majesty's reign, for laying duties upon pap, and ether matters therein mentioned, it was other things

enaited. That it should and might be lawful to and for the treasurersof the navy and ordinance, ana the Clause to ena-

the guards,garrisons and land forces for the time or any other We the bank officers or persons, who then were or afterwards should be entitled ^nd to

the publick use and benefit) to any parts or of the capitalfloat {/‘advance mo-

the corporation eroded by the name of the governor and company tf ney on South merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas and other Sea (lock. parts of America, and for encouraging the fishety being i° “c* ** lately'fold, applied or disposed for fame of the uses in that '1 **4 . mentioned) from time to time, by any warrant or warrants in writing front the high treasurer of Great Britain then being, or the

treasurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, (and not otherwise) to borrow any Jitm of sums of money, from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who were or should be willing to advance or lend the fame upon credit of the publick flock, or any

part, thereof, and to allow inter fit, not exceeding the rate offix pounds per cent, per ann. for the forbearance thereof, as is therein mentioned, and to assign, mortgage, and transfer such respective fbares of the said flock, whereupon such sums of money should be agreed to be Joint, to the respective lenders thereof, or such as they severally and ecespectively should appoint, and to their executors, ctjfors and assigns respectively,upon such conditions of redemption, and under such agreements for the side tf the flock mortgaged, fir

snaking:default in the repayment of the money to be borrowed thereupon, or fir non-payment of the interest thereof, and subject to such other costditions, and in such manner and form, as in fiuth warrant ■mid. warrants respectively should be prescribtdin that behalf; and that

all tie money which should be borrowed upon credit of such flock, as aforefind, should be emptied and disposed by the said treasurers, pay-nqfiers,. or others respectively chargeable therewith, to fiuth publick vjtsxohereunto the Jaidflock so to be mortgaged would have been ap-pficoiltby or in pursuance of another ad in the said recited act fithtd, jfi.nofuch mortgage, assignsnent or transfer bad been made, dni

Bother use, intent or purpose whatsoever; that the feud trea-

V paymaflers,and other officers, borrowing the said monies,

he answerable for the application thereof accordingly} and that thtfaid company should not be responJMe for permitting the fleck to bo fb. transferred, as if the fame were unduly transferred; and that lenders of such money should net be chargeable with the application thereof to the said uses, as by the said act of the tenth year of her Afo-10 Ann c. 1 jtfly's ragn may more fully appear: ana whereas Tome doubt hath aeon made, whether the governor and company of the bank of England (with regard to certain reflridions contained in former acts of partiament) might lawfully lendmoney upon credit of the said publick flock, furfimtto the said act in that behalf: for obviating of

which

ft

6+ Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat. 2. c. 4s [17131;

'which doubt, it is declared and enacted by this present act. That it shall and may be lawful, as well to and for the governor and company of the bank of England, as to and for any other person or persons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance and lend such sum and sums of money, as they, or any of them, shall think fit, to the said trcafurers, paymasters, and others, or any of them, upon credit of the publick stock before mentioned, or any part thereof, at such interest, and upon such afiignments, mortgages or transfers, fub* jcd to such conditions of redemption, and with such agreements 1 for felling the stock so mortgaged, in case of non-payment of

the principal or interest, ana in all other respeds according to the forms prescribed in the said recited act of parliament in that aoAnnTc. 19. behalf; any former act or acts of parliament, or any restrictions, prohibitions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters or things therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in lier Ma« jesty's service, and for the payment of the said forces, and of their quarters. EXP.

CAP. V.

An act for taking away the new additional duty of thirty pounds per centum ad valorem, imposed upon all books and prints imported into Great Britain, by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of her present majesty Queen Ann e.

10 Ann. c. 19. \\7r HEREAS by divers acts of parliament heretofore made, fe-f. 33* VV veral duties nave been laid upon all boobs and prints im-

ported into Great Britain: and whereas by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of her present majesty Queen Anne, a further duty of thirty pounds per centum ad valorem was laid upon all books and prints imported into Great Britain ; which said additional duty ef thirty pounds per centum has been found, by experience, to balk tended very much to the discouragement of learnings and to have been prejudicial to the other duties formerly laid: be it therefore enacted After 14. June by the Queen's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice 1714, the duty an(j consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons; cent ad^valo- in this Prc^cnt parliament assembled, and by the authority of rem, laid on * *hc fame, That from and after the four and twentieth day of books and June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the said duty of prints im- thirty pounds per centum ad valorem shall not be charged, levied; ported, by *or collcded upon any books or prints imported into Great trien^way!9 Britain, but the said duty is hereby absolutely discharged and . taken away; and the said act, so far only as it relates to the said

duty of thirty pounds per centum ad valorem, shall be and is hereby absolutely repealed.

. CAP.

3-1

Anno duodecimo Annas. Stat. a. c. 6.

65

. - — CAP. VI.

atf for taking away ihirtu&nis Hmthiit' the dioceses bf~

Jangor, Landaff, St. Davids* and St. Afaph, dnd\ iving a recompenft therefore to tie bijhpp. of the said re-] petfive dioceses; and/or confirming several letters patents-ranted rhy her Majesty, for perpetually annexing a prey and of Gloucester/0 the mastership of Pembroke college * Oxford ; and a prebend of Rochester to the provoftftnp\ f 'Oriel college in Oxford , and a prebend of Norwich to ; fy'vfaftfrship 0/Catharine hall in Cambridge.

"T- HEREAS by an aQ of parliament pajftd in the one and*1//* S. c.6^ twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry/fe fc“- 7* Wky'jntHkiedy An act where mortuaries ought to be paid, far' it persons, and how much, and in what case none is duo,';.

by a proviso or clause therein -contained, it is provided (among fytbiM^That itjball be lawful to the bishops ff.Bangor, L?n*

Diavids* and St. -Ataph,./* take fab mortuaries of t\e' res within their dioceses and jurisdittions as thenhfore hat been domed; and the bishops of the said dioceses for the time being accordingly ^ufod to demand find tdhey and continue to demand and mortuartesupot? the death of any clergyman- ibithm their salt drtd/Ufijaiflms * ivhtcb said mortuaries tvnfijling of frueral rrfeft goods Of the dtcebfedy do oftentimes arrtount to a very const-bf&paty of his eftatiy and the payment thereof does very much f that fmallprovtfton which generally the clergy of thoft dioceses are ta;pfaba fa the jupport vf their families, and tends to the gtysap V&ifaqg of the famefor. the remedying whereof for the fuftrly fpr&boft/bing and taking, away all mortuaries or corse-presentsy ifaxufan or usage of taking and paying mortuaries or corje-pre-, tgp&y the deatn of clergymen, within the said dioceses ana faifo

be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most cxr The clause in j^jnajesty, by and with the advice and consent of the^he recited ^irUyaland temporal and of the commons, in this present j*1'?* l\

assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an_e

^Jrprovilb or clause in the said act, and all and every mortuary in " r*i$ qr clause in the same act, so far as the fame do or doth the dioceses of taking any mortuary or corse-present upon the of any clergyman within the said respective dioceses or^j.'# an(ja* dictions, shall immediately, from and after the respective st. Afaph, re* «therein after mentioned, that is to say, within the said pealed, efeof St Afaph from and after the four and twentieth day of fin the yepr of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and teen ; and within the said diocese of. Bangor, immediately i and after such time any rectory fine cura shall next happen * void and be in the collation of the present bishop of the diocese of Bangor, or of any of his fuccellbrs j and within ol. XIII. F the

66 Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat. 2. c. 6. f 1713!

* the said diocese of Landaff*\ immediately from and after such

time as the treasurerftiip, with the prebend thereto annexed, founded in the cathedral church of Landaff,\ shall next happen to be void, such treasurership and prebend being in the collation of the bishop of the said diocese of Landaff * and within the said diocese of St. Davids, immediately from and after such time as the prebend of Langamarch, founded in the collegiate church of Brecon, now enjoyed by John Medley, archdeacon of St. Davids, shall next happen to be void, the fame being in the c.ollation of the bishoperf St. Davids, (land and be absolutely repealed, annulled, and void, and all and every, and any custom, and usage of and for paying, demanding, or taking any mortuary or corse-present, or any goods, thing or things, for or in the name of a mortuary or corle-present, upon the death of any clergyman within the said respective dioceses or jurisdictions, shall, from the respective times aforesaid, for ever, be absolutely abdlished and voidj and no mortuary or corse-present, or sum or sums of money for or in lieu of the fame, or in the And the bi- name thereof, shall be yielded, paid, answered or (atisfied, or Awsof the jpg due or payable by any person or persons, to any bishop of shall not take €^her dioceses, or other person or persons claiming

any mortua- by, from, or under any such bishop : and that from and after »ies after the the respe<ftive times aforesaid, it shall not be lawful to or for the tunes limited respective bishops of the said dioceses, or any of them, their, or c* any, or either of their successors, farmers, bailiffs, or lefTees, or

any of them, or any other person or persons whatsoever, claiming by or under such bishops, or any or either of them, to take* receive, or demand of any person or persons, any manner of mortuary of corse-present, or any sum or sums of money, or other thmg, for or in the name, lieu or (lead of any mortuary or corse-present, or to convene, cite, sue or prosecute any person or persons before any judge spiritual, or in any of her Majesty's courts of law, or other court whatsoever, for the recovery of, or for, touching or concerning any mortuary or eorfe-

present, or any thing in lieu thereof, for or by reason or on ac-

count of the death of any priest or clergyman within the said re-fpe<ftive dioceses or jurisdictUons, at any time after the respective limes aforesaid; any thing in the said recited act, or any law* custom or usage whatever, to the contrary notwithstanding. ftecompenfe II. And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid,

to the bishop That in recompense and satisfaction to the bishop of St. Afiapb

of St. Afeph and his successors, for such mortuaries as might arise or become Ibrs *for such ^ue ** Payable to the said bishop of St. Afiaphy or his fuccef-noituaries. fors, by virtue of the said recited act, upon the death of any

priest or clergyman, the redlory fine curay which shall first after the said four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, happen to be void, and be in the collation of the bishop of the said diocese of St. Afiapby or any of his successors, shall immediately upon such vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said bishoprick of St. Afiaft/ for ever, and all find every the profits! rights* dues, benefits

#713-1 Amk> duodecimo Annas. Stat.2. C.6. 67

lind advahtages whatsoever of the fame redtory, or thereto in any wise belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, received, taken and injoyed by the bishop of the said dioccfe and his fuc-Ceflors for ever.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Recompense That in recotlnpenfe and satisfaction to thebishop of Bangor and to the bishop his successors, for such mortuaries as might arise or become due Bangor, or payable to the said bishop of Bangor, or his successors, by virtue of the said recited act, upon the death of any priest or clergymen, the redtoryfine Cura, which shall next happen to be void,

and be in the collation of the bishop of the said diocese of Bangor9 or any of his successors* shall, immediately upon such vacancy, fend from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said bishop-rick of Bangor for ever; and all and every the profits, rights, dues, benefits and advantages whatsoever of the fame redtory, or thereto in any wise belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, received, taken, and enjoyed by the bishop of the said diocese of Bangor and his successors for ever.

IV. provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend The bishop* of

to enable any bishop in either of the said dioceses of St. Afaph St. Afaph and fend Bangor, to demise, let, or fet $ and that it shall not be law- die*

fill to or for the biftiops of either of the said dioceses, or any ofyedtories unlt-their successors, to demise, lease, fet, or let to farm, or other-cd to their wife, either of such redtories fine Cura> annexed and united to bishopricksfor the respective biftiopricks of St. Afiaph and Bangor, as aforemen- any tioned, or any the rights, dues, benefits, or profits thereof, for [heycontinut ttny longer time than such bishop, by whom any lease of either biOiops.

of the said redtories fine Cura shall be made, shall continue bishop of the said diocese; any statute, law, or usage whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Recompense ih recompense arid satisfaction to the bishop of Laudaff and his to the bishop lucceflors, for such mortuaries as might arise or become due or ofLandattl payable to the said bishop of Landbfi\ or his successors, by virtue of the said recited act, upon the death of any priest or clergyman, whensoeverthe treasurership, with the prebend thereto annexed, founded in the cathedral church of Landaff,\ shall

tiext happen to be void, the said treasurerftiip and prebend shall* immediately upon such vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said bishoprick of Landafifilox ever; and IH and every the profits, rights, dues, benefits, and advantages whatsoever, of the said treasurerftiip and prebend, or thereto in Any wife belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, receive fed, taken and enjoyed by the bishop of the said diocese of Lan*

'iafifi fend his successors for ever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tht bishop That in recompence and satisfadtidn to the bishop of St. Davids ofSt. Davids, fend his successors, for such mortuaries as might arise or become

due or payable to the said bishop of St. Davids, or his successors, by virtue of the said recited act, upon the death of any priest or clergyman, whensoever the said prebend of Langamarch shall next

F a

68 Anno duodecimo Ann.®. Stat.2. c. 6. [1713;

happen to be void, the said prebend shall, immediately upon stich vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said bishoprick of St. Davids for ever; and all and every the profits, rights, dues, benefits, and advantages whatsoever, of the fame prebend, or thereto in any wise belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, received, taken and enjoyed by the bishop of the said diocese of St. Davids and his successors for ever, in as full and ample manner as the said John Medley now v hath or enjoyed, or might or ought to have and enjoy the fame, imer^^atents And whereas her Majesty has been gracioujly pleased, by her

to the mailer Otters patents under the great Jeal of Great Britain, bearing date at of Pembroke Westminster the eleventh day of November in the twelfth year of college, and to her reign, to incorporate Collwell Brickenden do ft or in divinity, the OHelcol?^ e^ master of Pembroke college in the university */* Oxford, and his fuc-inOxon, and ceJJors, masters of the fame college, by the name, Jlile and title of mats the warden Jler of Pembroke college in the university of Oxford; and did thereof Katherine by grant to the said master and his successors, masters of the fame col-hall in Cam- for fair better support and maintenance, that canonship or pre-firmed! °U~ bend in the cathedral church of the holy and undivided Trinity of Gloucester, which should first happen to be void, and in the gift of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, from and after the date of the said grant; to have and to hold the said canonship or prebend, to the said Collwell Brickenden master of the said college, and his successors, masters of the fame college, of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, in pure and perpetual alms, for and during his and their respefiive continuance in the said masterjhif ; and did thereby likewise unite such canonship or prebend, as aforesaid, to the said corporation for ever: and whereas her Majesty has been also gracioujly pleased, by other her letters patents under the great seal of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster the fourteenth day of January in the twelfth year of her reign, to incorporate George Carter doilor in divinity, the pro-voft of Oriel college in the university of Oxford', and his successors, provost s of the fame college, by the name, file and title of provost of the house of the blessed virgin Mary in Oxon, commonly called Oriel college, of the foundation of'Edward the Second, Jome time King of England, of famous memory, and did thereby grant to the faidpro-vof, and his successors, provofis of the fame college, for their better support and maintenance, that canonship or prebend in the cathedral church of Christ, and of the blessed virgin Mary of Rochester, which should first happen to be void, and in the gift of her Majesty, her heirs ana successors, from and after the date of the said grant * saving always the right of the arch-deacons of the feud church for the time being, to one of the said canonships, by virtue of a former' grant; to have and to hold the said canonship or prebend, to the said George Carter, provof of the said college, and his successors, provosts of the fame college, of her Majesty, her heirs and JucceJJ'ors, in pure and perpetual alms, for and during his and their continuance in the said pro-voftship; and did thereby likewise unite such canonship or prebend, as aforesaid, to the said corporation for ever: and whereas her Majesty has been further gracioujly pleased, by other her letters patents under tl)c great seal of Great Britain, bearing date at Westminster the Jin 2 and

*9

1713*1 Anno duodecimo Ann^. Stat. 2. C. 6.

and twentieth day of April in the thirteenth year of her reigny to in~ corporate Thomas Sherlock dottor in divinity, master or warden of St. Catharine'* college or hall in the university of Cambridge, and his ftuceffors, majUrs or wardens of the said college or ha/l9 by the name,

JftUy and title of master or warden of St. Catharine'* college or hall in the university of Cambridge; and did thereby grant to the said master or warden, and h\s fucceJfors9 masters or wardens of the fame college or hall9 for their better support and maintenance, that canon-ship or prebena in the cathedral church of the holy and undivided Trinity in Norwich, of the foundation of King Edward the Sixths which should first happen to be void, and in the gift of her Majesty % her heirs and successors, from and after the date of the said grant j to have and hold the said canonship or prebend to the said Thomas Sherlock, master or warden of the said college or hally and his Jiic cefforSy masters or wardens of the fame college or hall, of her Majesty9 her heirs and fucceJfors9 m pure and perpetual alms for and during his and their continuance in the said majlership or wardenship \ and did thereby likewise unite such canonship or prebend9 as aforesaid9 to the said corporation for ever; as by the said several and respective recited Utters patents (relation being thereunto had) may more fully and at large appear; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said several and respective recited letters patents, and pi1 and Angular the clauses, articles and things therein respectively contained, shall be and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and the said several and respechve canonships or prebends shall be, from time to time, for ever, held and enjoyed, according to the true intent and meaning of the several and respective letters patterns above recited*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this axft shall be taken a publick act. and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick act.

IX. Saving nevertheless, and always reserved unto her Ma- Saving to the jesty, her heirs and successors, all and Angular first-fruits and crown all tenths, in any wise due or payable to her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for or in respe<ft of such redlories fine Cura, and trea- T\tMf furership, and prebend thereunto annexed, founded in the cathedral church of Landaff9 and the said prebend of Langamarchy

and all such right and title, as her said Majesty hath in or to such. first fruits and tenths, or any of them, ana which shall continue to be levied and paid in like manner as heretofore; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

' X. Saving also to the Queen's majesty, her heirs and fuccef- Another (av-fbrs, and to the respective lessee or Jeflees of the said treasurer- ing to the ship, and prebend thereunto annexed, founded in the cathedral le“ec,> church of Landajf9 and to the said prebend of Langamarch, and to all and every other person or persons whatsoever, all such e-date, right, title and interest, in, to, or out of the said treafur-crship and prebend thereto annexed, and the said prebend of Langamarch, as any such lessee or lessees, or other person or persons, have or might have or claim, in, to, or out of the said Heafurership and prebend thereunto annexed, and the said pre-tod of Laozamarch) if this a St had not patted,

F3

CAP.

yo Anno duodecimo Ann^. Scat. 2. c. 7. {1713*

CAP. VII.

An act to prevent the growth of schism, and for the further security of the churches of England and Ireland, as by law established.

t % 8c 14 Car.*. \\f H E R E A S by an act of parliament made in the thirteenth and e. 4. Y V fourteenth years of his late majesty King Charles the Secondx

intituled, An act for the uniformity of publick prayers, and administration of sacraments, and other rites and ceremonies 5 and for establishing the form of making, ordaining, and consecrating biftiops, priests and deacons in the church of England, it is, a-mongjt other things enacted\ That every schoolmaster keeping any publick or private school, and every person injlrufting or teaching any youth in any house or private family, as a tutor or schoolmajler , should subseribe before his or her respective archbishop, bishop or ordinary of the dtocefe, a declaration or acknowledgement, in which, amongst other things was contained, as follows, viz. I A* B. do declare. That I will conform to the liturgy of the church of England', as it is now by law established; and if any schoolmajler, or other person injlrufting or teaching youth in any private house or family, as a tutor or schoolmajler, should injlruft or teach any youth as a tutor or schoolmaster before licence obtained from his respective archbishop, bi-fbop or ordinary of the dtocefe, according to the laws andstatutes of this realm, for which he should pay twelve pence only, and before such fubfription and acknowledgement made, as aforesaid, then every such schoolmajler and other itiflrufting and teaching, as aforesaid, should* for the first offence, suffer three months imprlfonment without bail or mainprize, and for every second and other such offence shouldfuffer three months imprisonment without bail or mainprize, and also forfeit to his Majesty the sum of five pounds: and whereas notwithstanding the said act, sundry papijls and other persons dissenting from the church of England, have taken upon them to injlruft and teach youth as tutors or Jchoolmajlers, and have for such purpose openly fet up schools and seminaries, whereby , if due and speedy remedy be not had, great danger might ensue to this church andJlate: for the making the said receited act more effectual, and preventing the danger aforesaid* None shall be it enabled by the Queen's most excellent majesty, by and in EnffUnd° a<*v*ce »nd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

&c. before he an(l commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by has subseribed the authority of the fame. That every person or persons who so much of the shall, from and after the first day of August next ensuing, keep the redteTaft any or Private school or seminary, or teach and instruft

as above, and* any youth a* tutor or schoolmaster, within that part of Great obtained* Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or town of Ber-licence from wick upon Tweed, before such person or persons shall have fub-the bishop,&c. fcrjbed so much of the said declaration and acknowledgement, as is before recited, and shall have had and obtained a licence from the respective archbishop, bishop, or ordinary of the place, under his seal of office (for which the party shall pay one shilling, and no more, over and above the duties payable to her

Majesty

17x3.3 Anno duodecimo Ann-®. Stat. 2. c. 7. 71

Majesty for the fame) and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, upon an information, presentment, or indictment, in any of her Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or at the afiizes, or before justices of oyer and terminer, ihafl and may be committed to the common gaol of such county, riding, city, or town corpo- 0n of

rate, as aforesaid, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for the space of three months, to commence from the time thatF such person or persons shall be received into the said goal.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That no li- Bishop not to cence shall be granted by any archbishop, bishop, or ordinary, grant fuph li-unless the person or persons who shall sue for the fame, shall cence without produce a certificate of his or their having received the sacrament th^Wrfon's according to the usage of the church of England, in some parish having receiv-church, within the space of one year next before the grant of ed the sacra-. such licence, under the hand of the minister and one of the I?ent» church wardens of the said parish, nor until such person or persons shall have taken and subseribed the oaths of allegiance and c. supremacy, and abjuration, as appointed by law, and shall have made and subseribed the declaration against transubstantiation, contained in the act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for preventing dangers which may happen from popish recusants, before the said arch~ bishop, bishop, or ordinary; which said oaths and declarations, the said archbishop, bishop, or ordinary, are hereby impowered and required to administer and receive; and such archbishops, bishops, and ordinaries, are required to file such certificates, and keep an exact register of the fame, and of the taking and subseribing such oaths and declarations.

Ill* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Person having That any person who shall have obtained a licence, and subserib- rcfort?ng to ed the declarations, and taken and subseribed the oaths, as above [ny conven-appointed, and shall at any time after, during the time of his or tide, &c.Iiabl* their keeping any publick or private school or seminary, or in- the P*n*l-ftruding any youth as tutor or schoolmaster, knowingly or wil- ^^fabled lingly, resort to, or be present at any conventicle, assembly, or from keeping meeting, within England, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, any ichool. * for the exercise of religion in any other manner than according to the liturgy and practice of the church of England, or (half knowingly and willingly be present at any meeting or assembly for the exercise of religion, although the liturgy be there used, whefe her Majesty (whom God long preserve) and the elector of Brunswick, or such others as shall, from time to time, be lawfully appointed to be prayed for, shall not there be prayed for in express words, according to the liturgy of the church of England, except where such particular offices of the liturgy are used, wherein there are no express directions to pray for her Majesty and the royal family, shall be liable to the penalties in this act, and shall from thenceforth be incapable of keeping any publick or private school or seminary, or instruding any youtn is tufor qt schoolmaster,

F+ IV, And

7*

Penalty of teaching.any other cate-chism than that in the common prayer book. Pmsifhment of keeping schools without licence.

None to be

punished

twice.

No second prosecution shall be while a former is depending.

Not to extend to tutors in colleges, &c. nor in noblemens families.

Provided they qualify them-lelves.

Nor to foreigners of reformed churches.

Conforming after conviction as by this act, fin 11 be again capable

Anno duodecimo Ann^. Stat. 2. c. 7. 1*7*3*

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person licensed, as aforesaid, shall teach any other catechism than the catechism set forth in the book of common prayer, the licence of such person shall from thenceforth be void, and such person shall be liable to the penalties of this act.

V. And be it further enaffed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the bishop of the diocese, or other proper ordinary, to cite any person or persons whatfor ever, keeping school or seminary, or teaching without licence as aforesaid, and to proceed against, and punish such person or persons by ecclesiastical censure, subject to such appeals as in cases of ordinary jurisdicttion; this act or any other law to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That no person offending against this shall be punished twice for the fame offence.

VII. Provided always, That where any person shall be prosecuted without fraud or covin in any of the courts aforesaid, for any offence contrary to this act, the same person shall not be afterwards prosecuted for the fame offence in any of the said pourts whilst such former prosecution shall be pending, and car? ried on without any wilful delay; and in case of any such after? prosecution, the person so doubly prosecuted may alledge, plead, pr shew forth in his defence against the fame, such former prosecution pending, or judgment, or sentence thereupon given, she said pleader tirft making oath before the judge or judges of the pourt where such after-prosecution shall be pending, and which said oath he or they are hereby impowered and required to administer, that the said prior-prosecution was not commenced or parried on by his means, or with his consent or procurement, or by any fraud or collusion of any other person to his knowledge or belief.

VIII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any tutor teaching or instru6ting youth in any college or hall, within either of the universities of that part of Great Britain called England, nor to any tutor who shall be employed by any nobleman or noblewoman, to teach his or her own children, grandchildren, or great grand-children only, in his or her family; provided such tutor, so teaching in any nobleman or noblewoman's family, do in every respect qualify himself according to this act, except only in that of taking a licence from the bishop.

IX. Provided also, That the penalties in this act shall not extend to any foreigner, or alien of the foreign reformed churches, allowed, or to be Allowed by the Queen's majesty, her heirs or successors, in England, for instrudting or teaching any child or children of any such foreigner or alien only, as a tutor or school-master.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who shall have been convicted, as aforesaid, and thereby made incapable to teach or instruft any youth, as aforesaid, shall, after such conviction, conform to the

church

^7f3*1 Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat. 2. c. 7. 73

/church of England for the space of one year, without having of having a Keen present at any conventicle, assembly, or meeting, as afore- llcfncc* *c# said, and receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the rites and usage of the church of England, at least three times in that year, every such jperfon or persons shall be again capable of having and using a licence to teach school, or to in-ftrudt youth as a tutor or schoolmaster, he or they also performing all that is made requiiite thereunto by this act.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every such Persons con-person so convicted, and afterwards conforming, in manner as forming after aforesaid, shall, at the next term after his being admitted to, or convidhon, to taking upon him to teach or instrudt youth, as aforesaid, make [heirhavbg oath in writing in some one of her Majesty*s courts at Westmin- conformed.5 Jler, in publick and open court, or at the next quarter (ession*

for that county or place where he shall reiide, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, that he hath conformed to the church of England for the space of one year before such his admission, without having been present at any conventicle, assembly or meeting, as aforesaid, and that he hath received the sacrament of the Lord's supper at lead three times in the year, which oath shall be there inrolled, and kept upon record.

XII. Provided always, That this act shall not extend, or be Not to extend con (trued to extend, to any person, who as a tutor, or school- to such as matter, shall instrudt youth in reading, writing, arithmetick, or tca.ch t?fca^» any part of mathematical learning only, so far as such mathe- wntc» matical learning relates to navigation, or any mechanical art

only, and so as such reading, writing, arithmetick or mathematical learning, shall be taught in the English tongue only.

XIII. And whereas by an act of parliament made in Ireland, in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the uniformity of fublick prayerj, and adminijlration of the facrament/, and other rites and ceremonies; and for establishing the form of making, ordaining*, and consecrating of bijbops, priests, and deacons in the church of Ireland ; it is enacted, concerning schoolmasters and other persons instrudting youth in private families in Ireland, as in and by the above recited act is enacted concerning schoolmasters and others instrudting youth in private families in that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it is reasonable, that where the law

is the fame, the remedy and means for enforcing the execution \

of the law should be the fame; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the remedies, provisions, and clauses, in and by this act given, made, and enacted, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and adjudged to extend to This act shall Ireland, in as full and effectual manner, as if Ireland had been to *" expressly named and mentioned in all and every the clauses in this act.

Repealed by 5 George 1. cap. 4.

CAP#

7& 8 W. c. io. and s Jac. a* c*

After i June 1714.. for five years, 81. per cent, allowed out of all the duties on tobacco.

Not to be deducted on exportation.

j» Car.s. c.4<

Jac. a. c. 4.

Anno duodecimo Annm. Stat. i* c. 8. £17153

CAP. VIII.

yf/j act for encouraging the tobacco trade.

WHEREAS by an act made in the seventhyear of the reign of the late King William the Thirds intituled, An act for continuing several duties granted by former acts upon wines and vinegar, and upon tobacco and East India goods, and other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war against France, the methods prescribed for collecting the impoji duty upon tobacco, granted by an act passed in the first year of the reign of King James the Se-cond, are altered, and, among other things, it is enacted, That on any payment of the said duty for tobacco to be consumed here, there be an allowance of eight pounds per cent, for the merchant's encouragement, in confederation of waste and Shrinkage in the cellars, and an allowance of four pounds percent, in confederation of waste that may arise on any tobacco exported within the time allowed by law, to be Jiruck off only from the entries, and not to be paid where the whole quantity entred /ball happen to be exported; both which acts are fmee continued, and are now in force: and whereas by law there are Jeve+ ral other duties payable on the importation of tobacco, but no provi-Jion is made thereby for giving any allowance out of the fame, in con-ftderation of waste or Jhrinkage, as afore [aid-, and it being reasonablo that the manner of collecting the several duties upon tobacco Jbotdd be in one uniform method, and that the fame allowance for waste and Shrinkage on the consumption here, should be granted to the exporters, for thepreservationandimprovement oftbatmoft beneficial trade, which, for many years pafi, hath greatly declined; be it enacted and declared by the Queen's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, during the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, there shall, for the better encouragement of the said consumption and export trade, be an allowance of eight pounds per cent. made to the merchant at importation, put or all the duties payable upon tobacco, instead of the aforesaid eight pounds, and four pounds per cent. which by the before recited adfcs are to be allowed only out of the impost duty, and which said allowance of eight pounds per cent. out of all the said duties, shall not be deduced from the merchants on exportation , any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

* II. And whereas by the act of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and by the book of rates thereunto annext, an additional duty of one penny per pound was made payable for all tobacco of the English plantations, up* on giving fecuriiy for payment of the fame at nine months after the importation : and whereas by the said act made in thefirft year of the reign of the late James the Second, a duty of impost of three pence per pound

was laid on the fame tobacco, and six pence per pound on all tobacco of foreign plantation's, the method of collecting which impost duty was

1713*3 Anno duodecimo Annjb. Stat.2. c. 8. 75

altered by the said aid made in the seventh year of the reign of the

late King William the Thirds and thereby the payment thereof was ten & 8 W. j.

be at the end of eighteen months, with certain difeounts at differentc* l0,

rates for prompt payment within the rtfpeiiive times thereby limited:

and whereas by an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his said

late majesty King William the Thirds a further subsidy of one penny

per pound was laid on all tobacco of the English plantations, payable 9 & 10 W. 3,

in three months from the importation, upon security: and whereas by c. *3.

one other ail made in the second year of her Majesty's reign, a duty

of one third part of one penny per pound was made payable on the Ann.d.o.

fame tobacco, and the importer to have nine months for the payment

thereof on sufficient security; all which acts before mentioned are, by

several subsequent acts, fence continued, and are now in force: and

whereas the payment of the said several duties, at the different times,

as before mentioned, according to the refptilive acts of parliament, has

by experience been found prejudicial and burthensome to trade\ and a

loss to the revenue: for prevention whereof for the future, be it All duties on

further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after tobacco to be

the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the

during the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the months*

then next fession of parliament, all the said several and respec- ^ s Gc‘0# f-

five duties on tobacco, granted by the aforementioned aefts of c. 7. this act is

parliament, and since continued, shall be due and payable, dur- continued os

ing the term aforesaid, at the end of eighteen months, to com- ti^n tobacco

mence at the end of thirty days after the matter's report of the flag continue* »

ship, or to commence from the merchant's entry of the goods ,

within those thirty days, which shall first happen, and the bond

or bonds to be given for the fame, shall be made payable at the

end of eighteen months accordingly; any statute or law to the

contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That if the importer or proprietor of Allowance for tobacco shall, upon entry thereof, pay ready money for all or rc*dy money, any part of the said duties within the said thirty days, or at any time or times within any of the first fifteen months of the said eighteen months, to commence at the end of the said thirty days after the matter's report of the ship, he shall, in lieu of all for* mer difeounts made for prompt payment, out of all the said duties have an allowance made of ten pounds per cent. per ann. for the said fifteen months, or proportionably for so many intire months of the said fifteen months as shall then remain unexpired, but not to be allowed any discount after the end of fifteen months, nor for any less time than a month; and in case after the importer or proprietor shall have given security, as aforesaid, (which at his election may be in one or more bond or bonds) to pay the said several duties in eighteen months, and shall be desirous to discharge his bond or bonds, or any part thereof, in ready money* sooner than fifteen months, he shall be abated upon the bond or bonds for such prompt payment, so much as the said discount shall amount to, in proportion to such time, but not to be allowed any discount after the end of fifteen months.

IV. Pro-

Not to take away 81. per cent, for (hrinkage, nor cl. inthehun dred out of the subsidies.

On piying down the duty of i d. per lb. tobacco may be ware-houied at merchants charge. saCar.a. c.4.

76 Anno duodecimo Ann.®. Stat. 2. c. 8.

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, is intended to take away the said allowance of eighteen pounds per cent. to be made out of the several duties for the merchants encouragement, and in consideration of waste and (hrinkage, nor the allowance of five in the hundred, out of the several subsidies, and the said additional duty, by virtue of the respe<5tive act of tonnage and poundage, and other acts before recited.

V. And whereas several merchants and other per Jons concerned in the importation of tobacco of the Englifti plantations, are frequently under difficulties, and unable to give good and sufficient security for the payment of the several duties imposed thereon: and whereas putting the fame into proper warehouses may not only be an ease and convenience to the importers thereof but also a security to her Majesty's revenue, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, during the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, in case any person importing any of the said tobacco, shall pay down in ready money the subsidy of one penny per pound due and payable to her Majesty by the act of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, or by any adfc or acts continuing the fame, and shall then desire to have the said tobacco put into warehouses, under the Queen's and the merchant's locks, for the security of the remainder of the duties, the merchant or his servants shall have free access into the said warehouses, at all seasonable times; and the custom-house officers are hereby required to attend, without fee or reward : and it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners or principal officers of the customs, to permit and cause the said tobacco to be lodged and put into warehouses (to be provided by and at the charge of the merchants, and to be first approved by the said commissioners or officers) upon the merchant's giving his own bond for payment of the duties at the end of fifteen months $ and if the importer or importers of such tobacco, as has been so lodged in the warehouses, shall not, within the said time of fifteen months, offer good and sufficient security for payment of the duties at the end of the said eighteen months, or by debentures on exportation of such tobacco, or payment of the several duties for which his own bond hath been given, discharge his or their obligations, or any part thereof, but that the tobacco, or any part thereof, shall continue and be still remaining in the said warehouses, for want of the payment of the duties due thereon; in such case it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or principal officers of the customs for the time being, and who are hereby required and impowered, to cause the said tobacco so remaining to be publickly sold by inch

else to be sold of candle, first giving the proprietor or proprietors fourteen days by inch of notice, or leaving the fame in writing at the place of his or their

laudle. Jaft abode, the product thereof, after such sale, first to be ap-

plied towards payment of the customs and charges that have been expended thereon, and the py$rplus, if any, to be ren*

dred

Merchant to site his own bond to pay the duties at x 5 months end.

77

1713*] Anno duodecimo Annjb. Stat/2. c.8,

dred and paid to the proprietor, or other person lawfully author rized to receive the fame.

VI. Provided always, That in case any tobacco put into the Tobacco said warehouses, and so locked up, as aforesaid, shall be burnt burnt in the or destroyed by fire, during the time it remains in the said ware-

houses, the proprietors or owners of such tobacco shall be allow- allowed** ed the duties paid, and the bond shall be discharged for so much bond dif-thereof as shall have been so burnt or destroyed charged.

VII. And whereas divers great quantities of tobacco of the English For tobacco in plantations have been imported for some time9 but by reason of ^^ntjed^ Un" deadnefsof the tobacco trade, occasioneiby the length of the late war9

the importers or proprietors thereof have not entred the said tobacco, and paid orft cured the duties for the famey as the law requires; for relief therefore of the said importers or proprietors of the said to* bacco in this special case, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the time of importation of all such tobaccoes, Time of im-as are already imported, and not entred, shall be reckoned to poitation to bo be from the (econd day of June one thousand seven hundred and reckoned from fourteen, in like manner as if the masters of the said ships or*Junc 1?l** vessels had made report of their several ladings on that day; and the importers or proprietors of such tobacco shall pay or secure the duties, and have and enjoy the several allowances and dif-counts, and be entituled to draw back the duties, as fully and in like manner as if the said tobacco had been imported, and the masters of theships had made their respective reports of their ladings, on the said secondday of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; any law, usage or custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas it hath been found by experience, that her Ma- jj0 allowance jejly's revenue suffers great prejudice, as well by allowances for da- for damaged trtaged tobacco, as by the obtaining a drawback by debenture on the re~ tobacco. shipping the famey as if such tobacco had been found and good, and

paid the^ duties at importation ; for preventing the like abuses for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, within or during the term of five years thence next ensuing, or at any time berore the end of the then next session of parliament, no merchant or other person whatsoever shall have any allowance or abatement for the subsidies or other duties made him, for any sort of tobacco imported, or to be imported, under pretence of such tobacco being corrupt or unmerchantable: but in case any merchant or other person shall Merchant re-refuse to make entry of such damaged tobacco, and to pay and tufing to pay secure the whole duties due and payable for the fame, then he f^h tobacco or they shall have liberty to separate from his or their tobacco, to i,e destroy-so much thereof as they shall refuse to pay custom for; and theed, &c. principal officers of her Majesty's customs, or any two or more of them, shall cause all such corrupt tobacco to be weighed and publickly burnt, or otherwise destroyed as not wholsome and fit for use; and the owner or importer thereof shall be discharged from paying or securing any subsidy, or other duties for the fame,

to

Anno duodecimo An Stat. 2. c. 8.

Owner to be allowed 25 lb. for every 200 lb.

tificate.

and not to be placed to the export account, See.

Not to hinder

117'J.

to her Majesty; any law, custom or usage, to the contrary ill any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every owner or importer of such damaged znd corrupt tobacco shall, as a compensation for freight and other charges, and for that the cutting off, and separating thd fame^ may deface the remainder of the tobacco, have an allowance of twenty-five pounds weight of tobacco, free of all duties, for every one hundred pounds of such corrupt and damaged tobacco so separated, to be burnt or destroyed, as aforesaid, and

The allowance so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; which allow- to be by cer-

ance of twenty-five pounds for every one hundred pounds of tobacco so to be made, as aforesaid, mall be by certificate *, and the officers are hereby required to make, pass, and pay such certificate without fee or reward, the tobacco mentioned in such certificate not to be placed to the merchant's export account, so as such allowance of twenty-five pounds of tobacco for every one hundred pounds of damaged tobacco so separated or destroyed, does not exceed the quantity of one hundred and fifty pounds of tobacco, upon or for any hogshead of Afranoco tobacco, of the quantity of two hundred pounds of tobacco, upon or fof any hogshead of sweet-scented tobacco.

X. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho-

fbrmer allow- rity aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained shall be con-Sedine°teib ^TUe<*to ft>rh*d or hinder the merchants or importers having an on any one * allowance made them for damaged tobacco, in such manner as * ~ hath been usual, so as such allowance doth not exceed forty

pounds weight of tobacco upon any one hogshead ; and for the more ready dispatch of business, such small damages, not exceeding forty pounds weight on any one hogshead, shall be viewed* and the allowance made in the scale; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas it frequently happens that divers goods and mer-ehandizes are brought into her Majesty's fiorehouses for want of being entred, and because the duties of tonnage and poundage, and other* duties are not paid and secured as the law dir efts, which goods do remain there divers years, and often so long, until they are perijbe& % and become of no value, whereby the Queen hath loft the whole custom due on the importation of the said goods \ for prevention whereof for the future, be it likewise enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of July one thousand (even hundred and fourteen, thecommissioners of the customs for the time being shall, in all cases where the goods are or shall be brought into her Majesty's fiorehouses for security of the customs, and other duties due thereon, as soon as conveniently they can, cause all goods so brought into her Majesty's fiorehouses, as aforesaid, which shall have remained there for the space of twelve months, the subsidy and other duties not paid, compounded for, or otherwise secured as the law dire6ls, to be publickly sold by audlion or inch of candle; and dfter such sale, the produce thereof is first to be applied to or towards the payment of the

freight,

hoglhead.

Goods in Warehouses unentered to be (old at publick file.

Altered by 12

Geo. s. c. 18. f. 19.

79

1713*1 Anno duodecimo AnNJR. Static. 8.

freight, primage and charges of warehouse-room, and other charges that mail arise thereon, next the customs and duties, and the overplus to be paid to the proprietor, or other persons authorised to receive the fame.

XII. And whereas an act passed in the eighth year of her Maje- 8 Ann. c.13, fly s reign for continuing several mpositions, additional impositions^ and duties upon goods imported, to raise money by way of loan for the fervid of the year one thousand f even hundred and ten> and for better preventing frauds in drawbacks upon certificate goods, and for other purposes therein mentioned; in which act there were several regulations enacted to be complied with, in order to intitle the exporters of tobacco to their debentures; which new regulations, being made to commence from the twenty-seventh day of March one thousand (even hundred and ten, by which time the fame could not be known in Scotland, several parcels of tobacco through ignorance, were exported from thence without regard to the regulations laid down in the said act, the debentures of which tobacco have been refused to be made forth and allowed to the merchants upon that account only; be it therefore Far all tobae-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for all tobacco export- co exported cd from Scotland, after the twenty-seventh day of March one fro® Scotland thousand seven hundred and ten, and before the lixteenth day id

of April following, the barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall April 1710.1 cause the debentures to be made forth, and allowed to themer- Exchequer chants, according to the laws in force before the said twenty- ^re'to inalsi leventh day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten ; any thing in the aforesaid act to the contrary notwithstanding.

. XIII. And whereas there has been some doubt whether the dtpu- Deputations lotions or authorities granted to collectors,) surveyorsy or other infe- ^thfiSncSna rior officers of the customs, do remain in force upon the death or re- the death, &c« moval of any of the commissioners of the customs^ by whom the depu- of conunif-totions were granted; be it enabled and declared by the authority ^oncrt-aforesaid. That all such collectors, surveyors, or other inferior officers of the customs, who are or have been, or shall be hero* after deputed or appointed, as aforesaid, shall be deemed to remain and continue in their respective offices and imployments* notwithstanding the death or removal of any of the commis* fioners of the customs, who deputed and appointed such officers,

Until the deputations of such officers respectively shall be by the iaid commissioners, or any superior authority, revoked, an nut* or made void. Continued by 5 Geo. x. t. 7.

CAP.

8o

Anno duodecimo Ann.®. Stat. 4. c.$; [1713V

CAP. IX.

An act for laying additional duties on fope and papery and upon certain linfns* silks* callicoes and stuffs, and upoti starch* and exported coals > and upon stampt vellum* parchment and paper* for raising one million four hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery* for her Majesty s supply y and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather* Sheep Jkins* and lamb Jkins* and for distribution of four thousand pounds due to the officers and seamen for gun-money ; and to adjust the property of tickets in former lotteries , and touching certain shares of flock in the capital of the South Sea company* and for appropriating the mp-nies granted to her Majesty.

FtebtjMii- it or AY it pieafe your most excellent Majesty, we your Maje--**■*■ fty's dutiftil and loyal subjelts, the commons of hereby Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous that such granted,, fie supplies as are necessary for defraying your Majesty's publick ex-

s Geo. *. c. 3. peaces, may be effedhially raised, have therefore chearfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this act give and STtotbebank. grant unto your Majesty the several and respective rates and du-' ties for and upon all fope made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and for and upon all paper made in Great Britain* or imported into the fame; and for and upon all chequered and (biped linens to be imported into Great Britain; and for and upon certain lilks, callicoes, and other enumerated goods, which shall be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; and for and upon all starch made in Great Britain; and for and upon all coals exported for foreign parts; and for and upon such stampt vellum, parchment and paper, and other things hereafter in this act more particularly described or mentioned, for and during such term or terms of years, and in such manner -and For 31 years, form, as are herein after exprriled; and do most humbly be* from 1 Aug. fcech yQur Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted ported tcTpay ty t*ie Queen's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice the additional and consent of the lords fp'.ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by authority of the fame, That there shall be raised, levied, colletfted, and paid* unto and for the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and upon all fope of what kind soever, which at any timeof times, within or during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the second day of August in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, or made within the same, the several and respective additional or new duties herein after described or mentioned (over and above all customs, subsidies, rates and duties chargeable upon such fope, or any part thereof, by any other act or acts of parliament now in force) that is to say, For every pound weight, confiding of sixteen

ounces

duty of 1 d. per lb.

Madeperpetual by 6 Geo. i. c. 4. f. j.

Aline?duodecimo Ann^e. c. 9. 81

ounces averdupois, of such fope so to be imported or brought into the said kingdom, within or during the term aforesaid, one penny, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof, from time to time, before the landing of the fame; and for every such Sope made in pound weight of fope to be made in the (kid kingdom of Great Great Britain, within and during the term aforesaid, one halfpenny,°'}' Per and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Additional there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for duty upon the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and upon J™" all paper of what kind soever, and all paftboards, millboards Made perpetual and fealeboards, which at any time or times within or during^ 6 Geo. 1. the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said c. 4. f. x. second day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen,

shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain (printed books, maps, and other prints, always excepted) the several and respective rates and duties herein after expressed (over and above the present customs, subsidies and duties upon the fame commodities respectively) that is to say.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name Atlai Fine, of Atlas Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of eight shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name Qrdijuu of Atlas Ordinary, w hich shall be imported or brought in, as a- ry. foresaid, the sum of four shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name imperial Fine, of Imperial Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of eight shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name g R . of Super Royal Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of six shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name Royal Fine., of Reyal Finey which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of four shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name Medium Fins* of Medium Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of three shillings for every ream, and after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name Demy Fine, of Demy Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of two shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper ulually called or-known by the name Demy Second# Vot, XIII. G of

Demy Printing.

Fine Holland Royal.

Fine Holland Second.

Blue Royal.

8? Anno duodecimo Ann,®. c. 9* [1713*

of Demy Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of one shilling and three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Demy Printings which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of ten pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Fine Holland RoyaU which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Fine Holland. Second, which (Kail be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of one shilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Blue Royaly which (nail be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of one shilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity. p . . p For and upon all painted paper, which shall be imported or

imported. brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of four shillings for every

ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Cartridge Paper, which shall be imported and brought in, as aforesaid, the fbm of nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Elephant Finsy which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of four shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

Ordinary Ele- For an<* upon PaPer usually called or known by the name pliant. of Ordinary Elephanty which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the sum of one shilling and feveii pence halfpenny for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Fine Large Polly which shall be imported or brought in* as aforesaid, the sum of one shilling and three pence for every reaps, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Fine Fools Capy which shall be imported or brought in, aa.aforesaid, one shilling and three pence for every, ream,, and .after that rate for a greater or lesser auantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the nomp of Second Fools Capy which shall bo imported or brought in,, as aforesaid, one shilling for every ream* ^nd after that rate, far a greater or lesser quantity.

................ For and upon all paper usually called or known by the naspp

Double Copy, of Bajlard or Double Copy, which shall be imported or brought-in, as aforesaid, one shilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known, byj the name

Cartridge Pa-per.

Elephant Fine.

Fine Large Post.

Fine Fools Cap.

Second Fools Cap.

Ballard or

^7*3-1 Anno duodecimo ANN-ffi. c.p*

of Chancery Double, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one shilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Super Fine Poty which shall be imported Or brought in, as aforesaid, one shilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Second Fine Poty which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for k greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Genoa Royaly which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one shilling and seven pence half-penny for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Genoa Medium, which shall be imported or brougnt in, as aforesaid, one shilling and three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Genoa Demy Finey which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one shilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Genoa Demy Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Genoa Crown Finey which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Genoa Grown Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, six pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Genoa Fools Cap Ftnef which (nail be imported or Drought in, as aforesaid, nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a mater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Genoa Fools Cap Second, which mall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, six pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For arid upon all paper usually called or knqwn by the name of German Lombard, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, six pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

for and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of German Demy, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, nine pence fear every ream, and after that rate for * greater or lesser quantity.

G % Foe

*3

Chancery

Double.

Super Fine Pot.

Second Fine Pot.

Genoa Roydi

Genoa Medium.

Genoa Demy Fine.

Genoa Demy Second.

Genoa Crown Fine.

Genoa Crown Second.

Genoa Fool's Cap Fine.

Genoa Fool's Cap Second.

German Lombard, j

German De* my.

German

Crown*

GetmanFooTs

Cap.

Anno duodecimo Anwje.. c. 9 % . {171

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of German Crotvny which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, six pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name

Mtboard,

Scaleboard,

&c.

of German Fools Cap. which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, six pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity.

For and upon all paftboards, millboards, and fealeboards, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, two shillings and six pence for every hundred weight) and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity.

Jhipemotpar- And for and upon all other paper, white or brown, or of any ticularly char- other colour or kind whatsoever, which shall be imported or fI pan repeai. brought in, as aforesaid, (not being particularly charged in this idlyn Geo.;. act) a duty after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred c.'7< fe&. 4. pounds of the true and real value of the fame, and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity.

To be paid by Which said duties for and upon the said several forts of paper, the importer, and the said paftboards, millboards, and fealeboards, to be imported within or during the term aforesaid, shall be paid by the respective importers thereof from time to time.

Paper, past- HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, VoardvSec. That there shall lie raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for made in Great the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and uport all Britain. paper of what kind soever, and upon all paftboards, millboards, and fealeboards, which shall at any time or times, within or 1 during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from

the said second day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be made in Great Britain, the several and respective duties herein after mentioned, That is to say,

Demy Fine.

f'

Demy Second.

Crown Fine.

Crown Second.

Fool's Cap . Fine.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Demy Fine, which dull be so made in Great Britain, the sum of nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by themtae of Demy Second, which (lull be so made in Great Britain, the sum of six pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater ur lefier quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Crown Fine, which shall be so made in Great Britain, 'the fam of six pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater rbt lefier quantity. n :

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name of Crown Sound, which shall be so made in Great Britton? the sum of four pence half-penny for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the imne of Fools Cap Fine, which (half be so made in Great Britain, ^the sum

i7l3-l Anno duodecimo Ann^. c.9. . - 85.

of six pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name Fool's Cap Se-of Foe Is Cap Second, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the comi. sum of four pence half-penny for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name Fine Pott, of Fine Pots, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the sum of six pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name Second Pots, of Second Pots, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the sum of three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called by the name of Brown Brown Large l*arge Cap. which shall be so made in Great Britain, the sum of three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name SmaD Ordina-of Small Ordinary Brown, which shall be so made in Great Bri- Brown.

tain9 the sum ot two pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paper usually called or known by the name Whited of WhitcdBrown, which shall be so made mGreat Britain, the sum Br°wn. of three pence for every bundle, each bundle containing forty guires, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

For and upon all paftboards, millboards and fcaleboards, Paftboard,&c. which shall be made in Great Britain, one shilling and six pence for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

And for and upon all other paper, white or brown, or of Paper not par-any other colour or kind whatsoever, which shall be made in Great Britain, as aforesaid, (not being particularly charged in c this act) a duty after the rate of six pounds for every hundred poilhds of the true and real value of the fame, and after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity.

Which said duties for and unon the said several forts of paper. To be paid by and other the commodities lait mentioned to be made in Greatthc maker. Britain, within or during the term aforesaid, shall be paid by the makers thereof respeSively.

IV. And it is hereby enafied, That for and upon all paper, painted paper, which, at any time or times* during the term lad mentioned,

shall be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve far hangings, and other uses, there shall be answered and paid so her Majesty (over and above the duties payable for such paper before the printing, painting, or (taining thereof) the sum of one half-penny for every yard square, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by such person or persons at shall print, paint, or stain the fame*

V. And

86

Chequered and nriped linens, &c. imported, to pay a cl. percent, ad valorem, except buckrams, See. The duties in this and the next ft Sion an made perpetual by 6 Geo. X* C. f f. I.

Duty on flllu,

callicoes, linens and

printed iA Great Britain;

Exception.

Silks.

Silk handkerchiefs.

Callicoes.

The duties in this and the next feelim are made perpetual by 6 Geo. x. c*4« f. i.

Linen -and iluifc.

Starch imported to pay ad. per lb.

Anno duodecimo Ann^. C.9. [1713.'

V. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, cofledted and paid, to and for the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and upon all chequered and striped linens, and'upon all linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed after the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manufacture, in any foreign parts (excepting ouckrams, lawns, canvas, barras, ana Silefta neckcloths) which at any time or times, within or during the term of two apd thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day of Jugujl one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall he imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, and may lawfully be used or worn there foyer and above all other cultoms, subsidies or duties, impofea upon, or payable for the fame) a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, to be paid by the importers rc-spectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and fof the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and upon all lilks, callicoes, linens and stuffs, of what kind soever, which at any time or times, within or during the term of two ^nd thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day

one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (Tuch calliopes, linens and fustians, as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only* *nd stuffs made of woolen, or whereof the greatest part in yalpe shall be woolen, always excepted) the several and rcfoeijStive rates and duties herein after expressed (over and above all qthec duties payable for the fame, or any of them ;) That is to say.

For and upon all silks so printed, stained or painted, within or during the term aforesaid, in Great Britain (silk handkerchiefs excepted) the finn of six pence for every yard iq length, reckoning half a yard for the breadth.

And for all silk handkerchiefs so printed, stained or painted, within or during the term aforesaid, in Great Britainx the (up* of one penny for every yard square, and in those proportions for wider or narrower silks.

For and upon all callicoes to be so printed, stained, painted or dyed, within or during the term aforesaid^ in Great Britajn^ (except as aforesaid) the sum of three pence for every yard in length, reckoning one yard wide, and after that proportion

And for and upon all linen and stuffs (except before excepted) to be printed, stained, painted or dyed, as aforesaid, in Greed Britain, within or during the term last mentioned, the sum of one penny half-penny for every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, and after that rate for a greater or leiler quantity-

VII. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the use of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and upon all (larch,

which

17*3-] Anno duodecimo Ann^I t. 9. ty

which at any time or times, within or during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day of Au-gust one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all customs, subsidies and duties, already imposed thereupon) Made in the sum of two pence for every pound weight, confiding of fix- G^eat Britain teen ounces averdupois, and after that rate for a greater or leflerM^je perpetual quantity, to be paid down in ready money by the importers by 6 GcoVi. thereof, from time to time, before the landing of the fame; and c.4. f. 1. for and upon all (larch, of what kind soever, which at any time Every box of or times, within or during the fame term of two and thirty |^nnch^cin° years, shall be made within the said kingdom of Great Britain, length, and the sum of one penny for every such pound weight averdupois, 10 in breadth, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity, the fame to beto be cbargf* paid by the makers thereof respectively. starch. of

VIII. And it is hereby declared, That if the charge on (larch

be made by gauging the said (larch before it be dried in the (love, ^cPtb of then, and in every such case, every box of green (larch, or ^cd for,pr°-starch before it be so dried, containing fifty-seven inches in iGeo.i.ft'at.i. length, and ten inches in breadth, shall from the said second c. 2. f. 6. day of August orie thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be elleemed one hundred thirty-one averdupois pound weight of starch dried and perfectly made, and shall be charged accordingly, and proportionably for greater or lesser quantities.

IX. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That there Coals export-shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the use *d in foreign of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and upon all coals bottoms to which at any time or times, within or during the term of two chalder * and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day of Au-

gust one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be shipped

to be exported beyond the seas (coals exported to Ireland\ the

ish of Man, or her Majesty's plantations excepted) the duties

following, that is to say, for such coals shipped to be exported

by foreign bottoms, the sum of five shillings the chalder. New*

eoftte rtieafure (over and above the present duties upon the fame

and for all coals which at any time or times, within or during

the fame term of two and thirty years, shall be shipped to be

exported beyond the seas in British bottoms, the sum of three in Britishbot-

fhrlfings for every chalder, Newcastle measure (over and above 3f* .

the present duties payable for the lame) and no more $ any law

DO the contrary notwithstanding. c. 4. f 1.

X. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority a- The import foresaid, That all the duties imposed by this act upon such fopc, duties to be paper, paftboards, millboards, fealeboards, chequered andun^erthem?-striped linens, or any other commodities before charged, as shall j^commis-be imported into England, Wales, and the town of Berwick uponfloners of the Tweed, during the term or terms aforesaid, and all the duties customs. Which shall arise in England, Wales ^ or Berwick upon Tweed, for

Coals to be exported during the term therein granted, as afore-Md, shall be under the management of the commissioners and officers of the customs m England fox the time being, according

G 4 to

88 Anno duodecimo Anna; c. 9/ ' [1713.

to the duties of their respective offices; and that all the duties imposed by this a d upon such fope, paper, paftboards, millboards, (caleboards, and chequered and liriped linens, of any the commodities before charged, as shall be imported into Scotland, during the respective terms aforesaid, and all the duties imposed by this act, which shall arise in Scotland* for coals to be exported during the said term therein granted, as aforesaid, shall be under the management of the comraiffiqners and officers of the customs in Scotland for the time being, according to the duties of their respective offices ; and that the respective.re-ceivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being shall, from time to time, pay or cause to be paid, all the monies that they shall respectively receive for the said im-

!>orted commodities, and for the said exported coals (the nece£-ary charges of raifuig and accounting for the fame excepted) into the receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England* distinct-ly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purposes in this act expressed, and under the like penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, as are to be inflicted by thisadfc for diverting or misapplying any monies by this act appropriated or appointed for any the purposes herein aften mentioned.

Sope, piper, XI- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That See. made m ajj the tiaties imposed by this act upon such fope, paper, past* to^bc\lndtrln, board, millboard, fealeboard, (larch, and other commodities the manage- hereby particularly ch^rg^d, as shall be made in England* Waits* nient of the or Berwick upon Tweed* during the term or terms aforesaid, antt coinmissioners all the duties imposed by this act, upon such silks, callicoes, li-o pxci e. jlenSf stuffs and paper, as shall be printed, painted, stained or dyed in England* Wales* or Berwick upon Tweed, at any time or times .within or during the term or terms therein granted, as a-foie said, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, and the officers imploded or to be imployed under them ; and that all the duties im-

ijofed by this act upon such lope, paper, paftbeard, millboard, caleboard, (larch, and other commodities before particularly, charged, as shall be made in Scotland during the term or terms aforesaid, and alj duties imposed by this act upon such silks, col- licoes, linens, (tuffs and paper, as (lull be printed, painted* llained, or dyed in Scotland* at any time or times within or during the term or terms (herein granted, as aforesaid, shall be un-> der the management of the commiiliuners of excise ir. Scotland for the time being, and the officers to be imployed under them; and that the said respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland for the time being shall, from time to time, payor cause to be p.aid, all the monies that they shall respectively perceive for the said duties upon fope, paper, paftboard, millboard, fealeboard and (larch, as shall be made in Great Britain within or during the respective terms aforchiid, and for the said duties* upon such silks, callicoes, linens, stuffs and paper, as shall bo printed,' painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain* at any time-or times within or during the respective terms therein granted,

as

[713-] Anho duodecimo Ann^ C. 9'.' $9

is aforesaid, as the fame shall arise, into the receipt of her Majesty*s Exchequer in England^ under the like penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, as are to be inflicted by this act for diverting or misapplying any monies by this act appropriated or appointed for any the purposes herein after mentioned.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. How these fc-That all the several duties by this act imposed, upon fope, pa- veral duties per of all forts, paftboards, millboards, fealeboards, cheauered ^a,l be raised, and striped linens, and upon printed, painted, stained ana dyed silks, callicoes, linens and stuffs, during the said term or terms of years, therein by this act granted, in all cases whatsoever (except where other provision or direction is specially made or given

S' this act) shall be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, coTledl-, answered and paid, by such ways, means and methods, and under such pains, penalties and forfeitures, and with the like difeounts, allowances, exemptions and drawbacks, and in such manner and form, as the duties imposed on the fame commodities respectively, by an act made in the tenth year of her Maje- 10 Ann. c.19. tty's reign, for laying several duties upon fope, paper, chequered and striped linens, and upon certain silks, callicoes, linens and duffs, printed, painted or stained, famongst other things thereby charged) for and during the respective terms thereby granted, towards raising the sum of one million eight hundred thou-Gmd pounds therein mentioned, or by any act or acts of par-'

Uamenr thereby referred unto, or bjr any other act of this fefiionsr of parliament are to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered and paid respectively; and that the said duty by this act imposed upon (larch, during all the said term of two. and thirty years therein by this act granted, shall be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered and paid, by such ways, means and methods, and under (bch pains, penalties and forfeitures, and with the like difeounts, allowances, exemptions and drawbacks, and in such manner and form, as the duties imposed by another act of the tanth year of her Majesty's 10 Ann. c.a6. re&n, upon (larch (amongst other things thereby charged) for1 rod during the term thereby granted, towards railing another sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned, or by any act or acts of parliament thereby referred unto, are to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, an-Twered and paid respectively, except in such case or cases, touching which other directions are given by this act; and that the said duties by this act imposed upon coals exported to any foreign parts, (except before excepted) during the said term of years by this act granted of and in the fame, shall be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered and paid, by such ways, means and methods, and under such pains, penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as the present duties upon exportation of coals, or any other customable goods, to apy foreign parts, by any law or statute now in force, during the continuance thereof, are to be raised, levied, ascertained,

secured, collected, answered and paid.

XIII. And

po , Anno duodecimo Annje. c. 9. £1713.

XIII. And fen* better securing the duties by this act chargeable upon such of the commodities, as by thte first mentioned 10 Ann. c. >9. ad of the tenth year of her Majesty's reign are directed to be marked or stamped : and to the end the duties arising thereupon by this act may be better dillinguished, and applied to the fepa-Prlk?e^2^i8 rate u^c intended, be it further enacted by the autho-

tobe provided. r|ty That such proper (lamps or seals shall, on or be-

fore the said second day of Augttjl one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be provided and distributed by the said respective commissioners, as may serve to denote the payment or charging of the several duties by this and the said former act chargeable on the fame commodities respectively; and that the said (kamps or seals by this act directed to be provided, shall be nfed and applied accordingly, and shall and may, from time to time, be renewed or altered by the said respective commissioners, as often as there shall be a necessary occasion for renewing the fame.

All the powers * XIV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in to Ann. to a]i the powers, authorities, rules, directions, pains of death, atid 10 Ann!**. 19. ot^cr prins, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters and things Sc *6. * whatsoever, contained in the said several acts of the tenth year

of her Majesty's reign, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing and paying the duties on such commodities before mentioned, as are by this act charged with new or additional duties thereupon, or touching the marks or (lamps thereby dr-reded to be continued, practised, and put in execution, far failing, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the fame new or additional duties, by this act charged upon the feme commodities respectively, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and eifedually to all intents and purposes as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of this present act, except in such cases only where any alteration therein is special-ly made by this act.

XV. And whereas great quantities of filis, callicots and limns that are printed, painted, (lained&r dyed in Great Britain, are frequently shipt off in order to bo exported, as is pretended, for which the porter doth receive a very great drawback; and notwithstanding the law already made to prevent the relanding of them, yet very great quantities are frequently relanded, to the great kjfening of her Mdfe-ftfs revenue, and prejudice of the fair trader ; to prevent which evil practices for the future, and to secure the duties upon the Persons ex- said goods, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from porting fiiks, and after the said second day of August one thousand seven hun-notice to the aiu* ^aurtc*n> all and every person and persons that shaft proper officer export any fiiks, callicoes or linens that are printed, painted: of packing the (lamed or dyed, for which a drawback is to be allowed, fudx said goods, person or persons (before he or they shall ship the said good*) in order to obtain the drawback for the fame, shall be obliged to give notice to the proper officer or officers to be appointed far that purpose by the respective commissioners of the custotm, when and where he will pack up the said goods in order to be exported; and the said commissioner&of the customs are hereby

im-

?7I3*1 Anno duodecimo Annje. c.9. 91

impowered and directed to cause such officer to take care to fee who is to take that such seal or seals, stamps or marks, be taken off from every ^at

Siece so intended to be exported 5 and the said officer or officers off from eve”

^ lall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the goods so ry piece, &c-intended to be exported, and make a return thereof to the officer that shall be appointed by such commissioners to receive the lameL without any fee or reward for so doing.

X Vi. And whereas fope is more or less used in washing,, scouring* pr preparing the Jheeps wool, or lambs wool* to be converted into the woollen manufactures of this realm, and in the mating or finishing woollen manufactures* or manufactures mixed with wool, whereof the greattft part of the value of the materials is wooll, and in whitening of new linen in the piece* in order to the sale of such linen* or in some gr them* and it being judged reasonable to gtve an encouragement to ferfons who shall be employed in the preparing, mating or finishing those manufactures, whether the fame be for exportation or borne con-fufnption; it is hereby further provided and enacted, That it shall On oath or and may be lawful to and for any person and persons, who, af- affirmation of ter the uid second day of August one thousand leven hundred and $fo^lpent fourteen, during the continuance of the duties on fope by this °n aft granted, shall employ, (paid and consume any quantity or cloths, &c. quantities of fope in the making of any cloths, serges, kerlies, hays, (lockings, or other manufactures of (heeps or lambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the finhhing the said manufactures, or preparing the wool for the fame, or in whitening of new linen in the piece, in order to the sale of such linen, or to and for his, her, or their chief workman employed under him, her or them in those works, or any of them, from time % o time, to make proof in writing by the affidavit of the said

Iierfon or persons, who shall so employ, spend and consume the aid fope, or of his, her or their chief workman, unless lie, (he or they be a known quaker or quakers, and by the solemn affirmation of such quaker or quakers, before the collector and fu-pervifor of the district or division where such fope shall be so employed, (pent and consumed, or either of them (who are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer the fame, upon the request of the manufacturer, or his, her or their chief jvorkman aforesaid) which said affidavit or affirmation shall fpe- Specifying the cify the kinds and quantities of the manufactures so made, fini(h- manutafture* cd, prepared or whitened respectively, and the quantities and 0 ma c**** kindfs of the fope which were actually employed, spent and consumed therein, and that no allowance by virtue or this act, was and that no before made to such manufacturers respectively, or for his, her l2!,rKS or their benefit, of the duties payable by this act, for the fope mSe before* Ip Specified in such affidavit or affirmation, or any part thereof; smd that upon the making of every such affidavit or affirmation, the said collector out of the money in his hands of the said du- Collector to ties upon fope by this act granted, shall pay to the said manu- repay the fcetufers respectively so much as the whole duties granted by wh°k dudes, Ibis aft, for the fope specified in every such affidavit or affiripa- “

tion

» Anno duodecimo Anna. c. 9. f1713.

tion taken by the said collector and supervisor jointly, or by the said collector singly, doth amount unto, without any delay; and in case the fame were administred by the supervisor only, then upon a certificate thereof made and signed by the said supervisor (which he is hereby required to make and sign upon demand) the said collector shall, out of any monies in his hands of the said duties on fope, forthwith pay to the said manufacturers re-foeftively, the said duties so payable by this act for the fope so (pent and consumed, as aforesaid; and in case the collector shall not then have money sufficient in his hands to satisfy such payments, That then and in every such case, the commissioners of the said duties on fope for the time being, upon a certificate thereof from the said collector (who is hereby enjoined and required to make and sign such certificate) shall forthwith cause such payments to be made put of any monies arising by the said duties on fope by this act granted, without any further delay, ftaefi affida- XVII. And it is hereby declared and enacted. That the said *itn, 8cc. not affidavits, affirmations and certificates, touching the said,allow-? % *£***- ance to the woolen and linen manufacturers aforesaid, shall and * may be written or printed upon paper not stamped or marked

For any the duties charged by any act upon Itampt vellum, parchment or paper; and that no fee, gratuity or reward whatsoever, shall be required, demanded or taken from any the said manufacturers, for making any the payments of the said allowance for fope consumed in the said woolen or linen manufactures, or for making or taking any the said affidavits, affirmations, or certificates relating thereunto (except four pence for writing every such affidavit, affirmation or certificate; upon pain that any of the said officers offending therein, shall for every such offence pay treble damages to the party grieved, besides costs of suit, to be recovered in such manner, as any other penalties re* lating to the duties upon fope arc by this act to be recovered. Such affidavit, XvIII. And for the better preventing frauds and abuses in &c. falie, for- obtaining the allowances last mentioned, it is hereby further en-the value of a<^cc*> That if any person or persons shall, in such affidavit or the allowance, affirmation, swear, affirm or alledge any matter or thing that .shall be false and untrue, with an intent to defraud her MajeA& her heirs or successors, such person or persons offending therein, (balk for every such offence forfeit and lose treble the value of the allowance for which such affidavit or affirmation shall bp made, to be recovered in like manner (to wit) one third part thereof to the use of the Queen's majesty, and the other two thirds thereof, with costs of suit, to the use of the informer or Second offence prosecutor; and if any person or persons, being once conviftedq£ pci jury. any such offence, shall again offend in the like kind, and be there?* of duly convicted in any court of record at Westminster, or in any the courts of Scotland, every such person or persons, for such-other offence, shall suffer as in cases of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XIX. And whereas it has been found by experience, That fiveraf makers of fopey with intent to deceive her Majesty of the just duties by

thit

93

713-} Anno duodecimo ANN-ffi. c. 9.

his and the receited act granted, do make fope in private cellars and ther secret places, and fraudulently issue and send out the fame in mall casks: for preventing of which evil practice for the future, je it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after :he second day of August one thousand seven hundred and four- Soft fope in een, all soft fope that shall be filled in any other calk less than what caflu to carrels, half-barrels, firkins and half-firkins, shall be forfeited, ** md alio the sum of five pounds shall.be paid by the maker of iich fope; one moiety thereof to the feizor or informer, and :he other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence [hall be committed, to be recovered as any other penalties cpn-:erning the duties on fope are by this act recoverable.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No perfumer. That from and after the said second day of August one thousand See. to mix seven hundred and fourteen, no perfumer, peruke-maker, bar- alabaster, &c. ber, fellers of, or dealers in hair-powder, shall make, vend, fell, rowderT dispose, or make use of, or offer to sale any powder made of or ™ mixed with any alabaster, talke, plaister of Paris, whiting, lime, or other matter or thing of the like nature (sweet feents only excepted) under pain of forfeiting all the hair-powder so made or mixed, or made use of, vended, fold, disposed of, or offered to sale, and the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, the one moiety thereof to her Majesty, her heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the feizor or informer, to be recovered as any other penalties concerning the duties on starch are by this act recoverable.

' XXI. And moreover be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Additional That there shall be, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain,dutlC8 0,1 raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the use of her Ma-1 nps* jesty^her heirs and successors, for the several and respective matters and things herein after mentioned, which at any time or times, within or during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be engrossed or written (over and above the rates, duties, and sums of money now due or payable to her Majesty, her heirs or successors, for the fame) the feve- These duties ral and respective rates, duties, charges and sums of money made perpe-hetrm after expressed, in manner following \ That is to say, ^ \ 6p*°9

For every piece of vellum, parchment and paper, upon which Transfer of (tall be engrossed or written any transfer of flock in any compa- &oek. ny, society or corporation whatsoever, within Great Britain, the ItiM of four shillings and six pence sterling.

Tor every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, on which any Great seal otf grant 6r letters patents under the great seal of Great Britain, or the seal of the dutchy or county palatine of Lancaster, of any Pardons» hanbtrr, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty or privilege, to any person or peifons, body politick or corporate, or exemplification of the fame, shall be engrossed or written (commissions of rebellion in process always excepted) the sum of forty shilling* sterling.

$4

Pardons, &c.

Grants of money.

Grants of of* fices.

Dispensations.

AdrailMntet,

Appeals,

Institution or licence.

Anno duodecimo Ann<«. c.9. £1713.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any pardon (except the general circuits and Newgate pardons) of or for any crime or offence, or of any sum of iponey or forfeiture whatsoever, or on which any warrant of reprieve or relaxation from any pecuniary fine or forfeiture, exceeding one hundred pounds, or from any corporal

!>unifhment, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of forty ftiiling$ sterling.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any grant from her Majesty, her heirs or successors, of any sum of money exceeding one hundred pounds sterling, which shall pass the great Teal of Great Britain* the great fad of Scotland, or the privy fad not directed to the great seal, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of forty shillings sterling.

For every (kin or pieee of vellum or parchment, of sheet or piece of paper, upon which any grant of any office or employment in Great Britain, which shall be above the value of fifty pounds sterling per annum, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of forty shillings sterling.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, of piece or sheet of paper, upon which any dispensation to hold two eede-fiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of Canterbury, or the matter of the faculties for the time being, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of forty shillings fter-ling.

For .every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written any admittance or instrument for admitting of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, prodtor, notary, or other officer or officers, in any court whatsoever in Great Britain (not being an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten pounds sterling per annum* in salary, fees, or other perquisites) the sum of forty shillings sterling.

For every skin or piece of veUurn or parchment, or (fleet or piece of paper, upon which any appeal from the high eduFtli of admiralty, either in England or Scotland, court of arches, or the prerogative court of Canterbury or York* shall be engroflM-ot written, the sum of forty shillings sterling.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heettit piece of paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written atfjf institution or licence, that shall pass the feat of any archbfrhM or bishop, chancellor or other ordinary, or any eccfcfiafticat couirt whatsoever in England* Wales* or Berwick upon Ttomf? or upon which shall be engrossed, Written or re&Areid, any writ or instrument for the like purpose, with any luefr inftStO- ' tion or licence, that shall be passed or made by any prefoytery,, or other spiritual power in Scotland* the sum of flve fhafingt sterling (licences to schoolmasters and tutors excepted.)

6 For

1713J Anno duodecimo Annas, c. 9. 95

Far every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any letters of mart shall be engrossed raart* or mitten, the sum of live shillings sterling.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or Beneficial piece of paper, on which any beneficial warrant, or order un- warr*nts' dtr the sign manual of her Majesty, her heirs or successors (except warrants or orders for the service of the navy, army and ordnance) shall be engrossed or written the sum of two shillings ad fia pence sterling.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or indentures, piece of paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written in Great &c. triton, any indenture, lease, bond, or any deed not hereby ohciwife charged, the sum of six pence sterling; except bail bonds and assignments thereof, and indentures fur binding'poor [ jnrish or charity children apprentices, and such deeds executed a Scotland, as are charged with the stam{>-duty of two shillings and three peace, by an act of parliament made in the tenth pear of kes present Majesty's reign.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this a«5l contained Not to charge shall extend to charge with any stamp-duties hereby granted, *ny

any the matters or things which, by an act of parliament made j,

in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King William *. »j. the Third, intituled, An act for granting his Majesty, his heirs and fiuceJJTors, further duties upon ftasnpt ,parchment and pa-

yer, are exempted from the duties thereby granted.

XXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Commifian-That foe the better and more efiedhial levying, collecting and *r,of the paying vnto her Majesty, her heirs and successors-, the said HaSdicfe duZ bmp-dutks hereby granted, the lame shall be under the go- tin.

veminent, care and management of the commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage the duties payable to her Ma-

Ijesty, her heirs and successors, and charged on stampt vellum, parahoient' and paper, by the'former a61s of parliament in that behalf made;- who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to imploy the necessary officers under them far that purpose, and to appoint and provide damps to fiaxnSr the several stamp-duties hereby charged, and to do all other things necessary to be by them done, for the putting this act hi execution with relation to those duties.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Several mat-r mtoirky aforesaid. That where any more than one of the mat- ter? written 1 XQfcor dungs hereby charged with any stamp-duty, shall be °J?one Piece Wgrafledfc written, entred, or registred upon one piece of vel- Severally bm* parchment or paper, the said respective duties hereby charged. r MX* (hall- be, and hereby are charged upon every one of I neb matters and things respeaively.

h XXV, And it is hereby enacted, That all vellum, parchment, Vellum, See. l udpapci^ shamed by this act with any of the stamp-duties here- already stamp-■ by granted, which -hath been, or shall (before the secondday

An/t enC thouhuid (even hundred and fourteen) be stamped * to be jr or brought to the

96 Anno duodecimo Annje. c.9. [1713J

stamp-office to or marked, in pursuance of the former acts of parliament, oeIar witMhearkC<1 t*n^ to ^cr Majesty's stamp-duties, or any of them, shall, be-stamps? nCVV fore any matters or things (in respect whereof any duty is hereby made payable) be written or engrafted thereupon, (such writing or engrafting being at any time after the said second day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and within the said term of two and thirty years) be brought to the head-office for (lamping or marking of vellum, parchment and paper, to be stamped or marked with another mark or damp, over and betides the marks or (lamps put or to be put thereupon, in pursuance of the said former acts of parliament, or any of them; and that all vellum, parchment and paper, which hath not been, or shall not (before the said second day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen) be stamped or marked in pursuance of the said former acts, or any of them, shall (before any the matters or things, in respect whereof any stamp-duty is payable hereby, and by the said former, acts, or any of them, (naJl be thereupon written or engrafted, such writing or engrafting being after the said second day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and within the said term of two and thirty years) be brought to the said head-office, and there marked or stamped with the proper marks or (lamps provided, used, or appointed, and to be provided, or appointed, in pursuance of this act, and of the said former acts of parliament, to denote the respective duties hereby and thereby respec-Nowriting tively charged thereupon; and that if any of the fain matters and things so to be engrafted or written, as aforesaid, shall, tilUl ^paidto during the term last mentioned, be engrafted or written, con-the Queen,and trary to the true intent and meaning hereof, upon vellum, the duty be parchment, or paper, not'appearing to have been duly marked paid* or stamped according to this act, that then, and in every such

case, there shall be due, answered, and paid to- her. Majesty, her heirs and successors (over and above the stamp-duties, payable hereby, and by the said former acts, or any of them) for every such matter and thing respectively, the sum of five pounds lterhng; and that no such matter or thing shall be available in law or equity, or to be given in evidence, or admitted in any court, unless as well the said duty hereby charged in respea thereof, as the said sum of five pounds, shall be first paid to the use of her Majesty, her heirs or successors, and a receipt produced for the fame, under the hand of the receiver general, for the time being, of the stamp-duties, or of his deputy or clerk, and until the vellum, parchment, and paper, upon which such matter or thing is to written or engrafted, shall be marked or stamped, according to the tenor and true meaning hereof s and the said receiver general, and his deputy or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duties, and of the said sum of five pounds, and such other sums, as by. the said former acts are payable in that behalf, to give a receipt for such monies, and the other proper officers are thereupon required .

97

1743.) Anno duodecimo Ann^e. Scat. 2. C.9J

paired to mark or (lamp such matter or thing wirh the proper narks and stamps requisite in that behalf.

XXVI. And ne it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissioit* That every commissioner and officer, who shall act in or about bc

he managing or collecting the stamp-duties lad mentioned, shall,

>efore he shall act in or about the fame, take the oath follow-ng j that is to lay,

I A. B. do.swear, That I will faithfully execute the trtift reposed Their oath;

in me? pursuant to the atI of parliament made in the twelfth year f the reign of her majesty Queen Anne, whereby cer tain additional bities are charged or made payable, in respefl of the federal matters r things engrossed or written? as therein is mentioned? without fraud t concealment; and shall, from time to time, true account make of ny doings therein, and deliver the fame to such person or persons as ur Majesty, her heirs and fuaejjors shall appoint to receive such ac-ount; and shall take no fee, reward? or profit for the execution or ierformance of the said trust? or the business relating thereto, from \ny person or persons, other than such as shall be allowed by her Ma~ ehy, her heirs or successors, or feme other person of persons by her of hem to that purpose authorized.

Which oath shall or may be administred by atiy two or more of he commissioners lad mentioned, or any judice of the peace.

XXVII. And to prevent fiuh doubts as may arise touching the al~ Allowances of owanee for presentpayment of the stamp-duties charged by this end* Pcr c®nt*for be said other atls ; it is hereby further declared and enacted by wJSiSicduty he authority aforesaid. That, there shall be allowed and paid amounts to 7 :o every person who shall at any one time bring to be damped, iol.

:>r buy or the said commissioners, vellum, parchment, or paper,

:he duties whereof, doubly or trebly charged by this and the said Dther acts, shall in the whole amount to ten pounds or upwards, after the rate of six pounds in the one hundred pounds per an-runty for six months, upon the present payment of the said du«*

:ies, at the head office for marking or damping of vellum, parchment, and paper.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Powers, &c. laid. That all powers, provisions, articles, daufes, pains of 9& ioW.^.c* ieath, and other penalties and forfeitures, matters and things, bc 1,1 prescribed, appointed or contained in or by the said act of parliament made in the said ninth year of the reign of his said late tnajedy King William the Third, or in any other act of parliament relating to the duties thereby charged, or any of them, which are now in force, and not hereby altered or otherwise provided for, shall, in the same manner and form as they noW Hand in force, with relation to the said duties, or any ot them,

:harged by the said act of the said Intc King tViUiam? be of full force and effect, with relation to the said stamp-duties hereby rharged, and every of them, during all the said term of two and thirty years, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the Securing, railing, levying, collecting, executing, an-Vol. XIII. H fwering.

9*

Commissioners ami officers to be appointed, liable to the act 9 and 10 W. 3. c. 44.

5 and 6 W. M. c. *i.

Ann6 duodecimo Annje. Stat. 2. C. 9. [17135

fwering, and paying the said (Vamp-duties hereby charged, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, for ail intents and purposes, as if the fame powers, provisions, articles, clauses and things, and every of them, had severally and respectively been particularly enacted in this act, with relation to the stamp-duties hereby charged, and as if the stamp-duties hereby charged had been charged by the said act of the ninth year of his laid late Majesty's reign.

XXIX. And to the end all the said additional, or new duties upon fope and paper, and upon certain linens, silks, calKcoes and stuffs, and upon starch and exported coals, and upon stampt vellum, parchment and paper, before granted by this act, may be certainly and duly raised, and the fame (except the necessary charges of executing this act) may be justly and duly brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, according to the true meaning hereof; it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from time to time, during the continuance of this act, there shall be appointed such and so many commissioners and officers, as shall be proper and necessary for the managing, raising, collecting and paying the fame duties, and for keeping and rendring the accounts of the fame; and that the commissioners and officers concerned therein, jshall perform their several duties in relation to the premisses, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like penalties, forfeitures and dilabilities, for any offence or neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, or mrfapplying any part of the monies avifing by the fame duties, or any of them, as are pre-feribed, and to be inflicted by virtue of an act of parliament made and passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late ma-jesty King fFilliam the Third, intituled, An act for raising a sum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds percentum per annum, and for settling the trade to the East Indies, for the like offence or neglect relating to the duties thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any pan of the monies which were granted or appropriated by the act last mentioned.,,

: XXX. And whereas a proclamation was issued by their late modi-

fies King William and Queen Mary, in pursuance of au erst of parliament made in the fifth year of their reign? intituled* An act for granting to their Majesties several duties upon vellqiti, parchment, and paper, for four years, towards carrying on die war against France, for publiflnng the types? dtvices, marts, er fiamps provided in pursuance of the fame aft? which act has bun fmee continued by several subsequent acts of parliament, and the feme types? devices, marks, or fiamps have been used for the fiamping er marking cf vellum? parchment and paper, in pursuance of the said fnbjequent acts of parliament? which lucre provided and used in pur-fitincc of the Juid first aft, and published by the said proclamation; but no proclamation was issued in pursuance of the said Jubfiqvmi acts, or any of them ; whereupon feme doubts have arlfen whether the said types, drjicss, marks, or stamps, ought not to have been 2 again

99

r*7r3*] Anno duodecimo Ann,®. Stat. a. c. 9.

Bjg/ji published by proclamation after the passing the said acts for continuing the J'aid duties upon vellum, parchment and paper, as the types, devices y marts or ft amps provided for the duties so continued: for removing thereof, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the types, devices, marks, or stamps, pro- Proclamation vided in pursuance of the said first mentioned act, shall be in pursuance deemed, taken, and made.use of, as the types, devices, marks, or {lamps provided in pursuance of the said acts for continuing j>e deemed a the said duties, and every or any of them, until other types, sufficient pub-devices, marks, or stamps, shall be provided and published by lication.of the proclamation, in pursuance of the fame acts, or of one of them; kveralitamp*, and that the said publishing of the said types, devices, marks, or stamps, by the said proclamation, in pursuance of the said first mentioned act for granting the said duties, shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient publishing thereof, as well for and in respect of the duties granted by that act, as for and in respect of the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, which have been since granted or continued by any other act or acts of parliament relating thereto; any thing in the said acts, or any of them, to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas feveralperfons, who have y fence the commence- Clause to m * tnent of the rates or duties upon monies giveny paitly or contractedfor demniiy mu-with clerks and apprenticeSy taken clerks and apprenticeSy and received j^tices*^ and contracted forfums ofmoney, with or in re/peCt of the taking of such p ekrks and apprenticeSy havcy through negleCi or inaaverteney, omitted to pay the several rates and duties payable in that behalf \ or to cause to be infartei the sums of money so giveny paidy or contracted for9 with or in respeCl of the taking of such clerks and apprenticeSy in the contracts & indentures relating theretOy and to have such contracts or indentures Ramped within the lime for that purpose respectively limited by the act of parliament in that case made ; whereby the said s ^nn c -mafttrs and mistresses have incurred one or more penalty Gr penattiesy and such clerks and apprentices willy according to that aCty be disabled to follow Gr exercise the intended tradeSy professionSy or imploymentSy unless feme further provision be made \ be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon payment of the Aid respective rates and duties, which have been so omitted or neglected to be paid, as aforesaid, on or before the first day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to such peefon or persons to whom the fame ought to be paid, according to the fame former act, and tendring to be damped such indentures or contracts so omitted to be stumped, ort or before the said first day of March in the said year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the fame indentures or contrafts shall be stamped, and shall be good and available in law and equity, and the clerks or apprentices therein named shall be capable of following and exercising the respective intended trades, professions, or imployments, as fujly as if the duties, so omitted to be paid, had been duly paid, and the indentures or contracts damped within the respective times in the same act for those respective purposes limited, any thing

H 2

3,876,fool, with in ter eft at4l. per cent, Set 1 Geo. i. tot. 1. c. 3. fiS. a.

100 Anno duodecimo Annje. Stat.2. 0.9^ [1713.

therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; so as the true and full sum or sums of money, and all other things given or contracted for, to or for the benent of the mailers or mistresses, with or in respect of the taking such clerks or apprentices, be truly written or indorsed in words at length, on such indentures or contracts, wherein the fame have been omitted to be inserted, according to the same act, and the mailers and mif-tresses truly paying the said omitted duties, on or before the said first aay of March one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, are hereby indemnified and discharged off and from all penalties by them incurred by the said recited acts, for which no prosecution hath been commenced before the four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen. 105,0001. to be XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That theyearlyfund yeariy and every year, during the term of two and thirty years, theClr^dpal rcc^on'nS year to begin from the nine and twentieth

sum of P day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the full sum of one hundred and five thousand pounds, by or out of the monies to arise by the said additional or new duties upon fope and paper, and upon certain linens, silks, callicoes, and (tuffs, and upon Itarch, and exported coals, and upon stampt vellum, parchment and paper, by this act granted, and to be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, in case the fame shall extend thereunto, shall be computed and reckoned to be a yearly fund ; and in case all the monies arifiqg into the Exchequer, for the said duties, rates and sums of mooey so granted, shall not amount to the sum of one hundred and five thousand pounds per amiumy then the monies so sriling, so far as the fame shall extend, shall be part of the yearly fund towards the answering and paying off all and every the principal sums herein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to the sum of one million eight hundred seventy six thousand four hundred pounds principal money, together with interest for the fame after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum,as bere-Defiriendestoin after is mentioned; and in case the said duties, rates,,and b* sums of money by this act granted, shall at any time or times

aid to be* aPPear to be so deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as

granted in that within any one year, to be reckoned, as aforesaid* the said parliament, monies arising into the Exchequer, for or upon account of the fame duties, shall not amount to as much as one hundred and five thousand pounds, that then, and so often, and-In every such case, so much as shall be wanting to make up the said fund or sum of one hundred and five thousand pounds for every or any such year, shall be supplied and made good, from time to time, out of the first aid or supply to be granted in parliar ment, next after such deficiencies shall appear, and shall from time to time be transferred thereunto, as soon as the fame shall Or out of any be granted; and in case no such aid or supply shall be granted, public money then by and out of any publick money, which shall be in the uuappropna- fa;j rccejpt of Exchequer, not appropriated to any particular ufc or uses by all of parliament > and the lord high treasurer, or

commissioners

1713J Anno duodecimo Annas. Stat.2. C.9. 101

commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, are hereby strictly enjoined and required to make up such deficiency accordingly, out of such unappropriated publick money, without any further or other .warrant or authority for the fame.

XXXIll. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Any persons said. That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, may be con- . natives or foreigners, boaies politick or corporate, to contri- triJ>utor*-bute for or towards advancing the sum of one million four hun- lottep ** dred thousand pounds, by paying, at or before the respective £ Qbo?,* days and times by this act limited in that behalf,* to any re- 10Geo.i. c.5. edver or receivers, to be appointed for that purpose, as is herein 1 Geo. 2. c. 3. after mentioned, the sum of ten pounds, or divers entire sums of ten pounds, upon this act; and that for the raising of the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, any person, who will become contributor or adventurer, shall ana may advance the! sum of ten pounds, for which sum so advanced, he, (he, or they shall be entitled to receive by virtue ' *

of this act such principal money, and the interest thereof, to be paid, as herein after is mentioned, by and out of the said yearly fund ; and that every contributor or adventurer may advance as many entire sums of ten pounds as he, (he, or they shall think fit, and for every such sum of ten pounds so advanced, he, (he, or they, is or are to be interested in one lot Or share of and in the said yearly fund by virtue of this act; and the fame entire sums or ten pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such receiver or receivers, at or before the respective days and times, and in the respective proportions herein after mentioned; that is to say, one fourth part thereof Times of pay-oil or before the tenth day of August in the year of our Lord one menu thousand seven hundred and fourteen; one fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day of September in the said year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; one other fourth

Ert thereof on or before the eleventh day of October one thou-ld seven hundred and fourteen, and the remaining fourth

Srttt thereof on or before the tenth day of November one thou-. and (even hundred and fourteen.

i«Ti- ■

Tickets to be delivered for a lottery, &c. The monies appropriated by this act to be applied to pay off the principal and interest No undue preference if fobiequent orders be paid before others who did not demand their monies. Deficiency of one year to be made good out of the next.

8orpIus difpo fable by parliament. Notice to be hung up in the office when orders become due. 81. per cent, per ann. allowed for the first payment, and 6h for the remainder, till 29 Sept. 1714. Receivers may take in money, before they receive their books. Contributor advancing one fourth part, and failing in the rest, to forfeit the firit fourth part, &c.

Treaflirer to appoint a paymaster, &x. Alignments of orders to be re-giflsned. Her Majesty to reward the managers out of monies arising by the dories. Benefits of 1000I. may be divided into orders not less than cool. After interest and principal paid off, the refiduc disposable by parliament. Guardians may contribute for infants, &c. EXP.

LXIV. And whereas, by an act passed the ninth year tf her 9 Ann. c. n. Myejiy's reign, certain duties are laid on tanned leather; and by 10 Ann. c.afi*

H 3 another

xoz

Anno duodecimo Annas. Stat. 2. c. g. £1713.'

another act passed the tenth year of her Majesty's reign, further da-ties are laid thereon, /fo [aid acts only two thirds of the re-

spective duties are to be drawn back or allowed upon the exportation of bootSy JhoeSy gloves y or other manufactures, which by experience is found to be a discouragement to the manufacturers imployed therein; for remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted by the autho-Tanned lea- rity aforesaid. That from and after the second day of August turcdTtodraw onc ^oufand seven hundred and fourteen, there shall, in lieu backxd. ob. of the said two thirds of the said duties, be paid and allowed to per lb. on ex- the exporter or exporters, for all tanned leather, which shall be pbrtation. manufactured and actually made into goods or wares, by him or them exported, on a proper debenture to be made for that purpose, and security given for the fame, as by the said ad$ are prescribed, the sum of one penny half-penny for every

!>ound weight thereof, and so in proportion for every greater or ester quantity; wjiich drawback of one penny half-penny per

Eound shall be paid out of the respective duties granted by the lid acts of the ninth and of the tenth years of her Majesty's reign ; any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

9 Ann, c. ij. LXV. And whereas by an act of parliament passed in the ninth year of her Majetlfs reign, intituled, An act for laying certain ^duties upon hides and skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon vellum and parchment, for the term of thirty-two years, for prosecuting the war, and other her Majesty's mod neeessary occasions, it is enactedy That upon the shipping of any hides or ealve-Jkins for exportation into foreign parts, and giving security to the cujlomer or collector of the eufloms of the port from whence such exportation shall be madiy That such hides and ealve-Jkins shall not be relanded or brought on Jloorey in any port or part of Great Britain* the cujlomer or collector shall give the exporter a certificate or debenture in writings of the kinds and quantities of such hides and' ealve-Jkins ; and that upon producing such eertificatCy the collector at the port where such hides or calves-Jbins Jbqll be exportedy shall repay ta the person producing such eertificatCy two thirds of the duties which were before charged for such hides or ealve-Jkins so exportedy as aforesaid : and whereas some doubts have arisen upon the ccnjlruftion of the said at7, whether the fame shall extend to allow a drawback of she laid duties, for any other fort of JkinSy tanneiy tawed or drejfedy than hides and ealve-Jkins; therefore to explain the said act, be Sheep-skins jt enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all (heep-flrins and twothTrdsof hinib-skins, tanned, tawed or dressed, which are chargeable the duty. with any duties by the said act passed in the ninth year of her 9 Ann. c. si. Majesty's reign, shall, upon exportation thereof, have a drawback or allowance of two thirds of the duties, payable by virtue of the said act, subject to such rules, as by the said act are pre-(bribed on the exportation of any hides or calve-(kins; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary in any wise not- withstanding.

thrife for di- LXVI. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the tenth ftribution of” Jcar offer present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better 4000I. due to collccting and recovering the duties granted for the support of

the

X7I3*] Anno .duodecimo Ann^. Stat. 2. c.9. 109

the royal hospital at Greenwich, and for the further benefit officers thereof, and for the preserving her Majesty's harbour moorings, eun^* it was (amongst other things) enacted, That the sum of four thousand '

founds out of the Jbares of the several captors of prizes, by virtue cf her Majestfs declaration of the first of June one thousand[even hundred and two, which should remain uncalled for within the times by the said act limited for the payment of the fame, should be applied for or towards the payment of certain rewards for taking or destroying ships of war or privateers of the enemy, during the late war, to and amongji the flag officers, captains, and other officers and companies of her Majcjlys ships cf war, their executors or adminifirotors, entitled thereunto by virtue of the said declaration, in such proportion as by the said declaration is directed, if the fame should be decreed to them by the high court of admiralty, and lifts of the ships entitled to such rewards by such decree, should be transmitted to the receiver or re- ‘ divert of prizes, and the fame should be claimed, and afterwards demanded to be paid within the respective times for the said several pwrposes limited by the said act; and that if the several Jumsfo to be decreed and demanded for such rewards should amount in the whole to more than four thousand pounds, then the said four thousand pounds should be divided among the several claimers, by way of average, in proportion to their respective interests, to be adjujlcd by the receiver or receivers of prizes, or person or persons appointed for the fame: and whereas hjis of the persons on board some of the ships, entitled to such rewards, at the time of the taking or destroying such ships of war or privateers of the enemy, during the Lite war, for which the fame became due, have never been transmitted unto the receiver or receivers of prizes, the fame not having been sufficiently provided for in the said act, by reason whereof the receiver or receivers of prizes have been unable to adjuji the proportions belonging to several claimers of such rewards, and to male diftrihution of the fdid four thousand pounds according to the said act \ for remedy, &c.

Clanfe for adjusting claims in several lottery tickets. Debentures unclaimed on 14. December 1714. vetted in her Maielty for the use of the pnbiick. EXP.

LXIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Appropria-all the money lent, and to be-lent to her Majesty upon one ^<3: v^rai^rums of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid grinted this to her Majesty, to be raised by a land tax in Great Britain, for the fdiion. service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and so i*Ann.stat.i. much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted, as c' la shall arise and remain after all the loans made or to be made upon that a<5, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and the 1 charges thereby allowable for raising the said tax, mail be fatlsfied, or money Sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame; and all the monies lent, or to be lent unto her Majesty, upon the duties of malt, mum, cyder and perry, charged and continued by another act of this session of parliament, for the service of the i*Aiui,iUt.*# year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen j and so much c* 2*

H 4 money

Ordinary of the navy.

Seamens

vages.

Sea-chaplains. Vide 3 Geo. x. c. 3.

Guards and garrisons in Great Britain.

ftc.

Forces $t Minorca.

Gibraltar.

NewYoik,&c.

Anno duodecimo Ann^. Stat. 2. c. 9. [171

money of the said duties of malt, mum, cyder and perry thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain after ail the loans made or to be made upon that alt, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties thereby granted, shall be satisiicd, or money sufficient shall he reserved to discharge the fame; and all the iurplus or unappropriated monies, which shall arise and he paid into the Exchequer, for the use of the publick, from and after the twelfth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, until all the provisions of money intended by this act for the uses and purposes herein after mentioned shall be satisfied, and all the monies which, over and above the allowances for prompt payment, and other allowances direlted by this act, shall arise, of or for the said contributions, not exceeding the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds in this act mentioned, shall be appropriated for or towards the several uses, intents and purposes herein expressed, subjelt nevertheless to such reftriHions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared. That out of all or any the aids or supplies by this act provided, as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the sum of seven hundred forty five thousand seven hundred pounds and three pence, for defraying the charges of the ordinary of her Majesty's navy, including half-pay to lea-officers, and for victuals, wages, wear and tear of the nary, and victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for sea-service in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed ; and any further sum not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds, towards satisfying the debt due for Teamens wages, and to the yards, and for the debt due to the marines; and any further sum not exceeding three thousand pounds, to be equally distributed among the chaplains that served in the fleet during the late war, and are not otherwise provided for; and any sum npt exceeding three hundred eighty six thousand four hundred twenty seven pounds Seventeen shillings and ten pence, for maintaining guards and- garrisons in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernsey* together with two independent companies in North Britain, for one year, from the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any sum not exceeding fifty four thousand six hundred forty five pounds one shilling ana three pence, for maintaining her Majesty's forces and garrison at Minorca for the fame year; and any sum not exceeding thirty four thousand eight hundred fifty six pounds fourteen millings and nine pence half-penny, for maintaining her Majesty's forces and garrison at Gibraltar for the fame year; and any sum not exceeding twenty thousand one hundred and seventy pounds one shilling and f;v pir-v'e, for maintaining four companies at New Tori, four companies at Anvapclis Royal, four companies for Placentia^ one company at Bermudas, and the garrisons of Annapolis Royal and

*713-1 -Anno duodecimo Ann,*, Stat.2. c. 9. 105

“Placentia for the fame year; and any sum not exceeding one Forces in hundred and seven thousand eight hundred thirty one pounds Flanders, &c. nine shillings and two pence, for maintaining her Majesty's forces in Flanders and at Dunkirk, until Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen ; and any (urn not exceeding Jamaica and nineteen thousand three hundred and eight pounds and ten^***1^ Shillings, for maintaining the regiment commanded by colonelIflandl* Handajyde at Jamaica, and the regiment commanded by colonel Alexander in the Leeward Islands, until Christmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any sum not exceeding fifty Arrears of seven thousand eight hundred seventy seven pounds eleven fhil- half-pay ©filings and six pence half-prfnny, to satisfy the arrears due to the ccri* officers of the land forces ana marines, for half-pay at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and any sum not Half-pay to exceeding five thousand eight hundred sixty two pounds sixteen office*** allow-shillings and two pence, for charge of half-pay to such officers who are allowed it by special warrant of herMajefly for one * year, from Christmas one thousand (even hundred and thirteen to Christmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any Half pay to sum not exceeding one hundred twenty three thousand two land forces hundred ninety three pounds nineteen shillings and two pence, **** marines, for the charge of half-pay to the officers of the land forces and marines, being her Majesty's natural-born subjects, or naturalized, for the fame year; and a sum not exceeding forty-two CheUea Hof-thousand seven hundred eighty five pounds fourteen shillings pitai. and four pence, for support of the royal hospital at Chelfca, and pay of the out-pensioners, and for the extraordinary allowance of forage for the dragoons in North Britain for the fame year; and any sum not exceeding in the whole three hundred thousand pounds, towards satisfying the debt due on account to the land forces, and to the said out-pensioners; out of which the sum of sixty thousand ninety five pounds nine shillings and two Com sent to pence, is to be applied to discharge bills of exchange drawn by Barcelona, fVWiam Chetwynd, Esq; her Majesty's late envoy at Genoa, for com sent to Barcelona; and any sum not exceeding fifty five office of ord-thousand two hundred eighty one pounds and sixteen shillings, nance, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land Cervices performed and to be performed ; and any sum not exceeding two Artilleiy offi-thousand one hundred eighty eight pounds nine shillings and cere in Flan-two pence, for the military officers and chaplain that served in dereandSpain, the train of artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several expeditions, which, with the allowance they have on the establifh-vnent in the office of ordnance, is to complete their half-pay for the year from Christmas one thousand leven hundred and thirteen to Christmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any sum not exceeding sixty seven thousand three hundred Deficiency of fifty eight pounds fifteen millings and seven pence, for supply- the daflis loting the deficiency of the fund for the datfis lottery of one thou- tery» |711* fared seven hundred and eleven, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and any sum not Deficiency for exceeding sixty seven thousand five hundred forty six pounds four the daffis Ua-

foilling* »7I»*

io6 Anno duodecimo Annas; Stat. 2. c. s. [1713*

shillings and three pence half-penny, for supplying the deficiency of the fund for the daifis lottery of one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thou-Deficiency of sand seven hundred and thirteenj and any sum not exceeding the vtariy forty two thousand five hundred seventy six pounds six shillings East India ^ four to ma^c good the deficiency of the yearly fund,

company. granted by an act of the ninth year of his late majesty King

9&10W. 3. William the Third, for the benefit of the company and others c‘ 44- trading to the East Indies j and any sum not exceeding eighty

Deficiency of eight thousand seven hundred forty one pounds thirteen Inil-subsidy*Iings and ten pence, to make good the deficiency of principal 3&4A1U1.C.5. an^ interest upon the act made in the third year of her Majesty's reign, for granting a further subsidy on wines and mer-Suffcrers at chandizes imported, called the two third subsidy; and any sum Nevis, &c. not exceeding eighteen thousand five hundred and forty pounds

twelve shillings and nine pence three farthings, to make good the interest on debentures to the fufierers at Nevis and &« GbriJ-tophers for three years, to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and to and for none other use, intent or pgrpose whatsoever.

Proviso for LXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and de-the South Sea clared, That no appropriation, or other matter or thing in this company 5 a<$ contained, shall obstrudt or hinder any payment or pay-

$ Aran c. si. ment6, which, by and in pursuance of an act made in the ninth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for making good deficiencies, and satisfying the publick debts; and for ertflistg a corporation to carry on a trade to the South Seas, and for incauragement of the fishery; and for liberty to trade in umvrdught iron with the Jiibjefts of Spain, and to repeal the alls for regijlring feameny and of her Majesty's charter grounded thereupon, are or shall be required and authorized to be made by the treasurer or payma-fter of the navy for the time being, or by any other persons to be intruded with the publick monies for the service of the navy, out of such publick monies, tallies, orders, or parliamentary securities in their hands or power respectively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to the corporation erected in pursuance of the act lad mentioned, called by the name of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas9 and other parts of Americay*n& for incouraging the fishery, or to their treasurer for their use; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. and for the LXaI. Provided also, That such Turns as, by any pther a# commissioners of this session of parliament, shall be payable to any conam& of account*. fioners Qf accounts for their salaries, or fojc their clerxs, or any other incident charges, shall and may be paid out of the aids or (fippiies aforesaid, or any of them; any thing herein contained to die contrary notwithstanding.

cAr.

713 ] Anao dpodecimp Anna. Stat. 2. c. 10,11,12. to;

CAP. X.

n aQ for raising the militia for the year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid i and for rectifying a mi flake in an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for the be tar regulating the forces to be continue! in her Majestj's service, and for payment of the feud, forces and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. XI.

1m act to prevent the lifting her Majesty's subjects to serve as soldiers without her Majestfs licence.

ITT'HERE AS several iU-ajfcfted per fans 9 subjects of the crown Y Y of Great Britain, have lately, in open defiance of the laws9 resumed traiteroufty to lift divers of her Majestfs subjects within he kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, to serve the persan presided to be prince of Wales, during the life of the late king James he Sewd, and since his decease pretending to be9 and taking upon imfelf the file and title of King of England, by the name of ames the Thirds as soldiers, to the great disturbance of the peace f these her Majestfs kingdoms: and whereas the Bke tralterous prac-ice may be more covertly carried on9 under pretence of lifting her Majestfs subjects to serve as soldiers under fame foreign prince9 state r potentate: for remedy thereof be it, CsV.

ubjeCts of Great Britain who shall, after i August 17x4. within the king-ora, or in Ireland, and after x October out of the kingdom, lift them-:hres to fare any foreign prince, &c. or procure any lubjeCt so to do, rithout her Majesty s licence, shall be guilty of high treason. Offence* up of the realm* where to be tried. No licence fha|l exempt from the enaky, pprfons lifting any subject to serve the French Ring. Continu-occ of tixe act for three yean. EXP*

CAP. XII.

in act for the better maintenance of curates within the church of England \ and for preventing any eccltftastical persons from biffing the next avoidance of any church-preferment.

WHEREAS the absence of benefited ministers ought to be YV supplied by curates that are fufijicient and licensed preachers, md no curates or ministers ought to serve in any place without the nomination and admission of the bishop of the dioceft9 or ordinary of he place, having episcopal jurisdiction: but nevertheless, for want f Jkfficjent maintenance and encouragmentforfitch curates, the cures uithin that part of Great Britain called England, have been in federal places meanly fuppBed: for remedy whereof, be it enacted >y the Queen's roost excellent majesty, by and with the advice ind coqfent of the lords fpiratual and temporal, and commons; n this present parliament aflembjed, and by the authority of he lame, That if any.rector or vicar having cure of fouls shall, After to Sept, rom and after the nine and twentieth day of September, in the 17*4* hishop, rear of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, * iomiqate and present any. curate to the hilhop or ordinary, to ^ura^

be exceeding $ol.

108 Anno duodecimo Ann^. Stat. 2: c. 12. [171$!

perann. nor be licensed or admitted to serve the cure of such rcdtor or vicar , left than tol jn jjjS absence, the said bishop or ordinary having regard to the o?payment greatness of the cure, and the value of tnc ecclesiastical bene-imy iequeiter ficcs of such rector or vicar, shall, on or before the granting the bentfice. such licence, appoint by writing under his hand and seal a Sufficient certain stipend or allowance, not exceeding fifty pounds per annum, nor less than twenty pounds per annumy to be paid or answered at such times as he shall think fit, by such rector or yicar, to such curate, for his support and maintenance; and if it shall appear to the bishop or ordinary, upon complaint or otherwise, that any curate of such rector or vicar, ficenled or admitted before the said nine and twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, hath not a sufficient maintenance, it shall be lawful to and for the said bishop or ordinary to appoint him a certain stipend or allowance in like manner as before mentioned; and in case any difference shall arise between any rector or vicar and his curate, touching such stipend or allowance, or the payment thereof, the bishop or ordinary, on complaint to him made, shall fummarOy hear and determine the fame; and in case of neglect or refusal to pay such stipend or allowance, may sequester the profits of such benefice, for or until payment thereof.

Penalty of II. And whereas Jome of the clergy have procured preferments for taking for any themselves by buying eeclefiajlical livings, and others have been thereby ^hlTnext* » he it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid,

avoidance,&c. That if any person, from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall or do, for any sum of money, reward, gift, profit or advantage, di-redtly or indirectly, or for or by reason of any promise, agreement, grant, bond, covenant or other assurance, of or for any sum of money, reward, gift, profit or benefit whatsoevei*, df-redUy or indirectly, in his own name, or in the name 6f any other person dr persons, take, procure, or accept the npet avoidance of, or presentation to any benefice with cure of fouls, dignity, prebend, or living ecclesiastical, and shall bd presented or collated thereupon, that then every such presentation or collation, and every admission, institution, investiture and induction upon the fame, shall be utterly void, frustrate, and df no effect in law, and such agreement mall be deemed and tafceii to be a (hnoniacal contract; and that it shall and may be lawftj.f0 and for the Queen's majesty, her heirs and successors, to present or collate unto, or give or bestow every such benefice, dignity, prebend, and living ecclesiastical, for that one tune fir turn only; and the person so corruptly taking, procuring, dr accepting any such benefice, dignity, prebend or living, shall thereupon, and from thenceforth, be adjudged a disabled person in jaw to have and enjoy the feme benefice, dignity, prebend, or living ecclesiastical, and shall also be subject to any punishment, pain or penalty, limited, prescribed or inflicted by the laws tc-clefiafticah in Jikp manner as if fud\ corrupt agreement had

*7*3*3 Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat. i. c. 13.

been made after such benefice, dignity, prebend, or living ecclesiastical had become vacant; any law or statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

/in alt to discharge and acquit the of equivalent

for the sum of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine founds fifteen ten pence half-penny

by them duly issued out of the sum of three hundred ninety eight thousand eighty five pounds ten shillings, which they received.

WHEREAS by the treaty of , and fifteenth article thereof it is agreed, That Scotland /ball have an equivalent

for what the subjells thereof shall be charged towards payment of the

debts a/England ecntrailed before the , in all particulars what-

fotvtr, and particularly that the sum three hundred ninety eight thousand eighty five pounds and ten shillings should be granted to her Majesty as an equivalent to Scotland, for such part of the customs end excise then, as should be applicable tojhe payment of the faii debts of England, according to the proportions therein Jet down ; and it is agreed, That her Majesty be impowered to appoint commissionersy who should be accountable to the parliament of Great Britain, for difofwg the [aid sum of three hundred ninety eight thousand eighty five pounds and ten shillingsf and all other monies which Jhfll arye to Scotland upon the agreements in the treaty of union, to the purposes mentioned in the said JiJteenth article, in an act of the last parliament of Scotland, intituled, An act concerning the payment of the sums out of the equivalent to the African company; in an- < other act of the said last parliament, intituled> An act concerning the publick debts, and in an act of the first parliament of Great Britain, intituled,, An act for further directing the payment of the equivalent money: and whereas her Majesty, by commission dated the fifth of June me thousand [even hundred and seven, did nominate and appoint Sir Andrew Hume, William Dalrimplc, Efqi Sir Robert Sinclair of Stevenson, Sir Thomas Burnett of I^eyes, SirJohn Arefkine of Alva, Sir John Swinton of the Jame % Sir James Campbell of Abernehill, Sir James Smollett of Bon-hill. Sir Patrick Tohnftoh, Sir Francis Grant, baronets ; George Bailee ^ Tervife Wood, John Haldon of Gleneagles, John BrUce of tunrofs, William Seton the younger 0/Tittmedin; John ClArke the younger of Pennvcook; Alexander Abercrombie of Glestock, Mungo Grame of Gorthy, John Graham a/'Dugali-towne, John Pringle of Haming, Douglas the younger of

Kellhead, Daniel Campbell of Buttes, Efq\ Sir John Cope, knighty Jacob Raynardfon, John Brydges and James Houblon, Efars. commissioners for disposing the aforesaid sum of three hundred ninety eight thousand eighty five pounds and ten shillings, and all other monies which shall arise to Scotland upon the agreements in the treaty of unionand by another commission dated the fix and twentieth of July one thousand fevsn hundred and nine, did nominate and appoint

Anno duodecimo Anna. Start. 2. c. 13; £1713;

point the aforefmd Sir Andrew Hume, William Dalrimpfe, Efq\ Sir Robert Sinclair of Stevenson, Sir Thomas Burnett ofLtjes, Sir John Arefkinc of Alva, Sir John Swinton of 'thi fame,* $/> James Campbell of Abeitiehill, Sir James Smollet of Bonhill, Sir Patrick Johnston, Baronets j John Bruce fl/'Kinross, William Seton the younger 0/Fittmedin, Alexander Abercrombie ofGlet-fock, John Pringle of Hayning, Efq\ Sir John Cope, Rnt. and John Brydgcs, Efq\ to he commissioners for the fame ends and purposes; which commissioners, or the major part of them, pursuant to their said commissions, have, well and duly issued and paid the sum of j three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine pounds fifteen shillings and ten pence halfpenny, as directed by the laws above recited, in manner herein after fit down, viz. towards the hfs which private persons fuftenned by the reducing the English money thin in Scotland to the current rate in England, the sum of three thousand and seventeen pounds eighteen shillings and nine pence; for recoining the Scots and foreign money, and reducing it to the standard of the coin of England, the sum of forty nine thousand eight hundred eight) eight pounds fourteen J,hillings and eleven pence one sixth of a penny \ towards payment of the flocks intereji and debts of the Indian and African company, the sum of two hundred twenty'nine thousand six hundred and eleven pounds four shillings and eight pence j toivards the charges of the eommissioners, ficretaries, and accountants of the two treaties of union, the sum of thirty thousand four hundred ninety eight pounds twelve shillings and two pence; towards payment of the mjl class of the civil HJl, the Jum oftwenty seven thousand Jive hundredfifty three pounds seventeen Jhimngs and nine pence one third of a penny ; towards payment of the ficcnd class of the civil list, the juris of four thousand six hundred fifty five pounds and fix Joinings; towards payment of the first class of the military lift, the sum of fourteen thousand one hundred etghty eight pounds and eight pence \ towards payment of the second class of the military lift, the fom of fourteen thousand four hundred fifty eight pounds two shillings and eight pence five sixths of a penny; for the fees and salaries of the firbdnts of the commission, till the fourteenth JjfMarch, and thirtieth of April taft pafi, the sum of five thousand four Imndred arid thirteen pounds eleven shillings and four pence; for the necessary charges of the cofn-imffton, and for defending of law suits where the titles of parties were not clear, these charges preceding the fix and twentieth driy of March last, amounted to the jum of two thousand two hundred twenty four pounds six shillings and ten pence one sixth of a pentty: allwhilb firms together amount to the above total of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine pounds fifteen shillings and ten pente halfpenny: be it therefore, &c.

Commrflioners of the equivalent discharged of the sums paid by them Upon the several heads mentioned in this act. But not freed from applying the sum of 16,5751. 14s. id. ob. now remaining in their hands, to toe ules by the acts directed. EXP. |

III. And whereas it appears, that the other publick debts of Scotland yet unsatisfied, which are adjujied and certified, pursuant to the

directions

r7x3-l Anno duodecimo Ann.*. Stat.2. €.14.* til

(ireBions of the several aBs above recited, do amount to the sum of wo hundred and thirty thousand three hundred and eight pounds nine hillings and ten pence and five sixths of a penny, including the interest f such parts thereof as bear interefi from the twenty fourth day of fune one thousand seven hundred and eighty to the twenty fourth day f June one thousand/even hundred and fourteen ; be it therefore shaded, tfc.

Pbe commissioners to call for all certificates, See. and cancel all deben- Redeemed by :ures by which the unsatisfied debt is conltituted, and to issue new deben- 5Geo.i. c.ao. tires, to bear interest at 5I. per cent, after 24. June 17x4. and pud out of be first money due-to Scotland. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An act for rendring more ejfeliual an aB made in the third year of the reign of King James the Firfty intituled, An act to prevent and avoid dangers which may grow by popish reeufants ; and also of one other aB made in the first year of the reign of their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituledy An act to veil in the two univeriities the presentations of benefices belonging to papists; and for vesting in the lords of justiciary power to inftiB the fame puntjhments against jefuitSy prieftsy and ether trafficking papiftsy which the privy council of Scotland was impowered to do by an aB passed in the parties-. tnent of Scotland, intituledy An act for preventing th£ growth of popery.

FOR as much as by an aB of parliament made in the third year of 3 Jac. x. c. $;.

the reign of King James the First, intituledy An act to prevent anid avoid dangers which may grow by popish reeufants; and also one other aB made in the first year of the reign of their late ma+ iW. ScM.Mt fifties King William and Queen Mary, intituledy An act to veil x«c.*6, in the two univeriities the presentation of benefices belonging to papists, the presentationy nomination collation and donation of and to benefices y prebendsy or ecclesiastical livingSy schooUy hospitals and donatives belonging to popish reeufantSy and other persons thereby disabled topresenty collate or nominate, are given to the two univerfittes; but they are so given only where such persons are and stand conviBed by.fitch ways and means as in the said recited aBs art mentioned and provided; which aBs do neverthefefs prove ineffcBual for such pur-pofeSy by r'eafon such patrons are not convtBedy or not in such manner as the said aBs do direB and appoint: therefore for making the said laws more cffcdual, and for the speedier and easier veiling the presentations to such benefices in the two univeriities, according to the intention of the said laws, be it enacted by the After 10 July Queen's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and 171+. consent of the lords fpirirual and temporal, and commons, in ^efen^to^w this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every papist or person making profession or the popish religion, and every child-not being a protellant, under ' the

11 i Anno duodecimo Ann je. Stat. 2. c. [171 3;

the age of one and t wenty years, of every such papist or person professing the popish religion, and every mortgagee, trustee or person any ways intruded, directly or indiredfy, mediately or immediately, by or for any such papist or person making pro-session of the popish religion, or such child, as aforesaid, whether such trust be declared by writing or not, shall, from and after the tenth day of July which shall be in the year of our Lord 004 thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be disabled, and is hereby made incapable to present, collate or nominate to any benefice* prebend, or eccle/iastical living, school, hospital or donative, or to grant any avoidance of any benefice, prebend, or eedefirfi* cal living; and that every such presentation, collation, nomination and grant, and every admiilion, institution and indu&on to be made thereupon, shall be utterly void and of no all intents, construdions, and purposes whatsoever ^ and that in every such case the chancellor and scholars of the univerftiy'of And the two ®*for^ anc* chancellor and scholars of the uni verfity of Cam-universities bridge* by what name or names soever they or either of. them Khali have the are incorporated, shall respectively have the presentation, noai-presentation, nation, collation and donation, of and to every such benefice, spective coun- Prcbend, or ecclesiastical living, school, hospital and donative, ties, &c. men- *ct» ly*n8> *nd being in the respective counties, cities, and other tioned in places and limits in the said act of the third year of King Jrtnst 3 Jac. 1. c. 5. mentioned, as in and by the said act is directed and appointed in the case of a popish recusant convict. '

'When any a II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, presentation it That from and after the said tenth day of July, when and* 19 archS(hop°^tcn as any Presentation to any benefice or ecdefiafticel living &c. he may shall be brought to any. archbishop, bishop, or other oadinaryi tinder to the from any person who shall be reputed to be, or whefew. fifth person, if ore- archbishop, bishop, or other ordinary, shall have cause to fof-.

daration in to bc a PaP‘^> or tro®** of any person making profcssion *5 Car. 2. c. 2. of the popish religion, or suspected to be such, it shall and tiny be lawful to and for such archbishop, bishop, or other ostfmfc* 17, and he is hereby required to tender or adimnifter^tejCtfery such person, if present, the declaration against trenfilbftaatw ation, set down and expressed in an act of parliament made io the five and twentieth year of the reign of the late KingCkafUs the Second, intituled, An act for preventing dangers. wick may happen from popish recusants, to be by such person made, repeat*' If ablent, sum-cc* and subseribed; and in case such person shall be abfeot, the mon him to laid archbishop, bishop, or other ordinary shall, by notice, in appear. writing to be left at the place of habitation of such perfbit* .appoint some convenient time and place when and where fifth person shall appear before such archbishop, bishop, or other ordinary, or some persons to be authorized by such archbiftfopt bishop, or other ordinary, by commission under his or their seal of office; and upon such appearance, the said archbishop, bishop, or other ordinary, or such comrnissioners, shall tender or administer the said declaration to the person making such pft-fentaiion; and in case such person shall neglect or refuse to

make

17*3'! Anno duodecimo Annas. Stat. 2. c. 14. 113

make, repeat, and subscribe such declaration, when the fame Refuting to shall befotendredj as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to ap- 1"ake.the clc-pear before such archbishop, bishop, or other ordinary, or such to^pprar, °ht commissioners, upon such notice as aforesaid. That then such presentation presentation shall be utterly void and of ncfae effect 5 and in shall be void: every such case, such archbishop, bishop, or other ordinary ^"<1 arch-shall within ten days next after such neglect or refusal, fend ola^cerrify and give a certificate under his or their leal of office of such such retufal to neglect or refusal to the vice-chancellor for the time being, of the university, that university to whom such presentation would of right be- who shall pre-long, if such person so presenting had been a popish recufantientj &c* convict j and it shall and may be lawful, to and for the chan-Cel lor and scholars of such university, to present a person qualified according to the said acts to such benefice 6r ecclesiastical living; and the presentation to such benefice or ecclesiastical living, for that turn only, is hereby given unto, and veiled in them for that purpose; any matter, clause or thing contained in either of the said former recited acts to the contrary thereof norwithstanding.

III. And for the better discovery of all secret trusts, to

fraudulent conveyances made by papists or persons making pro-foffion of the popish religion, or their advowsons and right of oToath! presentation,. nomination and donation, to any benefices or ecclesiastical livings; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the presentation of any person presented to any benefice or ecclesiastical living, shall be brought to any archbishop, bishop, or other ordinary, the said archbishop, bishop or ordinary, is hereby required, before he give inftituti-to examine the person presented upon oath, whether to the

1 ted

on

belt and utmost of his knowledge and belief, the person or per-fens who have made such presentation, be the true and real patron or patrons of the said benefice or ecclesiastical living, or made the said presentation in his, or her, or their own right, or whether such person or persons so presenting be not, mediately or immediately, directly or indirectly, trustee or trustees, or any way intruded for some other, and what person or persons by name, who is or are papists, or make profession of the popish . religion, or the children of such, or for any other and what person or persons, or what he knows, has heard, or believes, f touching ** concerning the fame; and if: such person orperfons ^^n^tha so presented shall refuse to be so examined, or shall not answer presentation dirodly thereto, then and in every such case such presentation shall be void, shall be void.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Univertitymay That it shall and may be lawful for the chancellor and scholars exhibit bills in of the respective universities, to whom the presentations to such c£aj*.c.5.ry foT benefices and ecclesiastical livings should belong, in cale the rightful patrons had been popish recusants convict, and their trusts. presentees or clerks, for the better discovery of such secret and fraudulent trusts, had, done, made and created, by or for such papists or persons professing the popith religion* and their child-r\n.XJJL I . xen.

114

Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat. 2. c. 14. [*713*

ren, as aforesaid, to exhibit their bill in any epurt of equity against such person or persons presenting, and such person or persons as they have reason to believe to be the Cejluy sue Trufi of the advowson of such benefice or ecclesiastical living, or any other person who they have cause to suspect may be able to make any other or further discovery of such secret trusts and pra&ioes; to which bill the defendants therein named, being duly served with the process of the court in which the said bill shall be exhibited, shall forthwith direflly answer to the fadfs charged and enquired in the said bill, at the discretion of the court where such bill shall be exhibited ; and in case the defendants, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to answer the said bill in such reasonable time as shall be for that purpose allowed and appointed, by discretion of the said court where the said cause shall be depending, (the difiance of place and the circumstances of die defendant or defendants considered) That then and in such case the said bill shall be taken pro Confejfp^ and be allowed as evidence against such person so neglecting and refuting, and his trufiee or trufiees, and his and their clerk : Provided that every person having fully answered such bill in such court of equity, and not knowing any thing of any such trufi for a papifi or other person disabled, as aforesaid, shall be entitled to his costs, to be taxed according to the course of the court.

When any V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Qnarelmpedit That it shall and may be lawful for the Court where any j % uart isclepeiiding Impedit shall be hereafter depending, at the instance of either of the court may the fa'l(j chancellors and scholars, or their cierk, being plaintiffs oath'to difeo- or defendants in such suit, by motion in open court, at their ver any secret discretion to make any rule or order requiring satisfaction, upon trufi t the oath of such patron and his clerk, who in the said suit (hell

contest the right of the said university to present to such benefice for ecclesiastical living, by examination of them or either of them, in open court, or by commxffion under the Teal of such court for examination of them or either of them, or by affida* vit, as the said court shall find moil proper, in order to the discovery of any secret trufi, frauds or practises relating to the End And if it ap- presentation then in question ; and in case it agpear to the court, piar that the upon the examination of such patron and clerk or either of them, patron is a That rhe said patron is but a trufiee for feme other person or shallcover P^0115' ^at then the said patron and his clerk shall difcovsr for whom) or who such person and persons are, and where he, (he9 or they be punished live or inhabit; and upon their refusal to make such difeevwry. m guilty of a or to give such satisfaction, as aforesaid, they shall be puntflied contempt. as persons that are guilty of a contempt to the said court $ and Court mayor- »n case such patron or his clerk shall discover the person for <fer the pcrion whom the said patron is a trufiee, that then and in such case for whom such the said court, upon motion made in open court, shall make a truttee to ap- or orc*er' That the person or persons, for whom the fetd pear and make petron is a trufiee, shall, in the said court, or before commit the declarati- fioners to be appointed for that purpose, under the foal of the ca, &c. who am court, make, repeat and subseribe the dcclarpkm qninft

6 oan-

I7I3-] Anno duodecimo Ann,®. Stat. 2. c. 14; 115

transubstantiation herein before mentioned, and likewise, on refufingshallbe pain of incurring a contempt against the said court, give such e*h;e,n*d a refurther satisfaction upon oath, touching or relating to the said c aiUconvi ^ trust, as the said court shall think fit; and such person so required to make, repeat and subscribe the said declaration, and rauiing or neglecting so to do, shall be efteeined as a popish re-cufant conviffc, in respect of such presentation.

. VI. And be it further enacted, That the answer of such pa- The answer of tron and patrons, and the person for whom he or they are any *£ch P***01}* ways intruded, and his and their clerk, or any of them, and j^ecTasVvi-his and their or any of their examinations and affidavits taken dence. as aforesaid, by order of any court where such Square Impedit shall be depending, or by any archbishop, bishop, or other ordinal, or the commissioners, as aforesaid, (which examinations (nail therefore be reduced into writing, and signed by the party examined) shall be allowed as evidence against such patron so presenting, and his clerk.

VII. Provided always, That no such bill, nor any discovery Persons mak-to be made by any anlwer thereunto, or to any such examina- ,nSfuch <,,f-lion, as aforesaid, shall be made use of to subject any person only^thelofi making any such discovery, or not answering such bill, to any of the preien* penalty or forfeiture, other than the lots of the presentation tation.

then in question.

VIII. And it is hereby further enabled. That in case of any If such bill be such bill or bills of discovery, as aforesaid, exhibited in any c*h,h|ted by court of equity by the chancellor and scholars of either of the no*lapse^iAJP said universities, or their presentee, no lapse shall incur, nor incur, &c. till plenarty be a bar, against such chancellor and scholars, in ref- three months pe£l of the benefice or ecclesiastical living, touching which such after the bill,shall be so exhibited, till after three months from the time ”£er'Putin» that the answer to such bill shall be put in, or the fam j be taken

pro Cmfejfo, or the prosecution thereof deserted ; provided that such bill or bills be exhibited before any lapse incurred.

IX. And whereat it hath bun doubted whether any writ of Quart Theuniverfity Xmpedit brought by the respective universities, for any presentation, may any nomination, collation or donation pursuant to the said recited efts, or

either of them, may be brought by them, in or by the name of chan- mpc 1 * c* eellor and scholars, or ought to be by their true name of incorporation rtfpt&ivtiy \ it is hereby declared. That the said respective chancellors and scholars of the said universities are by this act, and were by the said former acts, entitled to file any writ of ffyuare Impedit by the name of chancellor and scholars of the univerfi-tytof Oxford, and chancellor and scholars of the university of Cambridge respectively, or by their respective proper names of incorporation at their election.

X. And be it furtheF enacted, That in case of any trust for The court may any papist, or person profelling the popish religion, confessed or enforce the dticovercd in and by any answer to such bill, as aforesaid, or

such examination, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for to trull*. "

the court when* such discovery shall be made, and such court is hereby enabled, to inforce rise producing of the deeds creating

I 2 and

ii6 Anno duodecimo ANNJE. Stat. 2< c. 15. [1713.

and relating to the said trusts, by such methods as they shall find proper.

Not to extend XI. Provided always, that nothing herein before contained to Scotland, shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The lords of XII. And whereas by the determination of the late privy council justiciary may of Scotland, the punishments contained in an act of the parliament of puid^mentfIie Scotland, pajfid in the eighth fejjton of the first parliament of King on jeluits, See. William, intituled, An act for preventing the growth of popery, which the pri- cannot be fully put in execution against jesuits, priests, and other trafa vy council of f eking papists, who disguise and Jbelter themselves under borrowed Scotland was names^ fd avoid the penalty of the law; it is therefore hereby en-do^an'aft0 and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

paired in that lords of her Majesty's judiciary in Scotland, be hereby impowr kingdom. ered to inflict the fame punishments against jesuits, priests, and other trafficking papids, which the privy council of Scotland was impowered to do by the aforesaid act of parliament*

CAP. XV.

An act for providing a publick reward for fitch person or persons as shall discover the longitude at Sea.

WHEREAS it is will known by all tlmt art acquainted with the art of navigation, That nothing is so much wanted aid defercd at Sea> as the dtfeovery of the longitude, for the fqfety and quickness of voyages^ the preservation of Jhipsy and the lives of men: and whereas in the judgment of able mathematicians and navigators^ several methods Ixxvt already been discover eiy true in theory though very difficult in practice9 fame of which (there is reason to expect) may be capable of improvement, fame already discover ed may he pro* posed to the publicky and others may be invented hereafter. . And whereas such a discovery would be of particular advantage to the (rode of Great Britain, and very much for the honour of tins kingdom \ but befedes the great difficulty of the thing itfelfa partly for the wqnt of fame publick reward to be settled as an encouragement for fa ufafid and beneficial a work, and portly for want of money for trials and experiments necessary thereunto, no such inventions or propofols^ fyi-therto tnadey have been brought to perfection; be it therefore eo^q? ed by the Queen's most excellent majesty, by and witfi the ad? vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and conv; mons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of Commission- fame, That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or thejirft ers appointed commissioner of the admiralty, the speaker of the honourable for diicover- house of commons, the fird commissioner of the navy,, thejirft tufie, andnf<“- commissioner of trade, the admirals of the red, white, aoi ceiving propo- blue squadrons, the mader of the Trinity*house, the {tfe&ient fals relating to of the royal society, the royal adronomer of Greenwicby .tbp . Saviliany Lucafmy and Phimian profelTors of the mathem^txcki

in Oxford andf Cambridge, all for the time being, the right honourable Thomas earl of Pembroke and Montgomery % Pmeip lord ' bishop of Hereford^ George lord bishop of BriJlol> Thomqs lord

Trevory the honourable Sir Thomas Hanmer baronet, speaker of the honourable house of commons, the honourable Francis

Marts

ii7

1713.] Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat. 2. c. 15.

Roberts esq; James Stanhope esq; William Clayton esq; and //?/-Ham Lowndes esq; be constituted, and they are hereby constitu-ted commissioners for the discovery of the longitude at sea, and for examining, trying, and judging of all proposals, experiments, and improvements relating to the fame ; and that the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, have full power to hear and receive any proposal or proposals that shall be made to them for discovering the said longitude; and in case Commission-the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be so ers to certify far satisfied of 'the probability of any such discovery, as to think the it proper to make experiment thereof, they shall certify the fame 2veiyto the" under their hands and seals, to the commissioners 01 the navy commissioners for the time being, together with the persons names, who arc of the navy, the authors of such proposals; and upon producing such ccrti- who shall make ficate, the said commissioners are hereby authorized and required b^rfor to pnake out a bill or bills for any such sum or sums of money, making the not exceeding two thousand pounds, as the said commissioners experiments, for the discovery of the said longitude, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary for making the experiments, pay- 14.00.1.0.39. able by the treasurer of the navy; which sum or sums the trea- 16 Geo. *. c. surer of the navy is hereby required to pay immediately to such person or persons as shall be appointed by the commissioners for To ** P®“* bjr the discovery of the said longitude, to make those experiments, put of any money that shall be in his hands, unapplied for the use of the navy.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The commit after experiments made of any proposal or proposals for the dif- fioners to de-povery of the said longitude, the commissioners appointed by

this act, or the major part of them, shall declare and determine poialis prafti-how far the fame is found practicable, and to what degree of cable, exaftnefe.

III. And for a due and sufficient encouragement to any such Reward to the person or persons as shall discover a proper method for finding firftdiscoverer. the said longitude, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

the first author or authors, difeoverer or difeoverers of any such method, his or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be entitled to, and have such reward as herein after is mentioned; that is to (ay, to a reward, or sum of ten thousand pounds, if it determines the said longitude to one degree of a great circle, or sixty geographical miles ; to fifteen thousand pounds, if it de-teisriines the fame to two thirds of that distance; and to twenty When CO he thousand pounds, if it determines the fame to one half of the fame distance; and that one moiety or half-part of such reward or sum shall be due and paid when the said commissioners, or the major part of them, po agree that any such method extends to the security of ships within eighty geographical miles of the fhore$9 which are places of the greatest danger, and the other pioicty or half-part, when a ship by the appointment of the said pommissioners, or the major part of them, shall thereby actually fail over the ocean, from Great Britain to any such port in the jyefl-Iniitt) as those commissioners, or the major part of them,

I3 (hill

118 Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat. 2. c. 16. [1713.

shall choose or nominate for the experiment, without losing their longitude beyond the limits before mentioned.

As soon as IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

such method as soon as such method for the aifcovery of the said longitude shall have shall been trjC(j ancj founc| practicable and ijfeful at sea,

pradicable, within any of the degiees aforesaid. That the said commission-the commis- ers, or the major part of them, shall certify the fame accord-(ioners shall ingly, under their hands and seals, to the commissioners of the certify the navy for the time being, together with the person or persons rnmnURoiiers names» who are the authors of such proposal ;f and upon such of the navy, certificate the said commissioners are hereby authorized and re* who shall quired to make out a bill or bills for the respective sum or sums make out bills Qf mon^ to which the author or authors of such proposal, oftEe^Tward,t^e,r executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be entitled by and the tiea- * virtue of this act; which sum or sums the treasurer of the navy furerofthe is hereby required to pay to the said author or authors, their fhaI* Pay executors, administrators, or assigns, out of any money that shall t e ame. ;n his hands unapplied to the use of the navy, according to

the true intent and meaning of this act.

The commit- y. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore* fioners may fajj9 That if any such proposal shall not, on trial, be found of sward for as aforementioned, yet if the fame, on triaU in the

airy proposal judgment of the said commissioners, or the major part of them, of consider- be found of considerable use to the publick, that then in such abbfck to thC ca^e» t*lc ^ author or authors, their executors, administrators, public*. or afl\gnSj shall have and receive such less reward therefore, as the said commissioners, or the major part of them, shall think peasonable, to be paid by the treasurer of the iftvy, gn such certificate, as aforesaid f

CAP. XVI.

An act to reduce the rate of interefi, without any prejudice to parliamentary Jecurities.

WHEREAS the reducing of interefi to teny and from thence to W eight * and theme tofix in the hundred, both, from time to times by experience been found very beneficial to the advancement of trade9 and improv< mint of lands: and whereas the heavy burden of the late long and expensive war hath been chiefly horn by the owners of the land of this kingdom, by reason whereof they have been necejfitatcjl to central? very large debtsy and thereby, and by the abatement in tie value of their lands, are become greatly impoverijbed: and whereas by reason of the great interefi and profit which hath been madedf iqmq at homey the foreign trade of this nation hath of late years been much neglelfedy and at this time there is a great abatement in the vafye of the merchandizes^ wares y and commodities of this kingdom* both at home and in foreign partsy whither they are transported: and whereas for the redrejs of these mifehiefsy and the preventing the encrease of the famey it is absolutely necessary to reduce the high rate of interefi of six pounds in the hundred pounds for a year to a nearer proportion with the interefi allowed for money in foreign fates 5 be it therefore 'engeted by the Queen's jpoft excellent majesty, by and with the

advice

ijifr) Anno duodecimo Annas. Scat. 2. c.16. 119

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no person or persons whatsoever, from After 19 Sept, and after the nine and twentieth day of September in the year of 17*4- no p*r-our Lord one thousand (even hundred and fourteen, upon any take

contnuft, which shall be made from and after the said nine and cem'iiitercS twentieth day of September, take, direCUy or indirectly, for loan of any monies, wares, merchandize, or other commodities whatsoever, above the value of five pounds for the forbearance of /

one hundred pounds for a year, and so after that rate for a greater or lesser sum, or for a longer or (hotter time; and that AH bond*, frc. all bonds, contracts, and assurances whatsoever, made after the for a SrIa^e.r time aforesaid, for payment of any principal, or money to be y^d. lent or covenanted to be performed upon or for any usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be referred or taken above the rate of five pounds in the hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void; and that all and every person or persons whitfo-ever, which shall after the time aforesaid, upon any contrail to *1. u.e be made after the said nine and twentieth day of September, take, forbearance of accept and receive, by way or means of any corrupt bargain, loan, 100 * *or a exchange, chcvizance, fnift, or interest of any wares, merchan- ^7reb1e\he" dizes or other thing or things whatsoever, or by any deceitful vajue ot tn« way or means, or by any covin, engine, or deceitful convey- monies, See, ante, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole year, of and for their money or other thing, above the sum of five pounds for the forbearing of one hundred pounds for a year, and so after that rate for a greater or lesser sum, or for a longer or shorter term, shall forfeit and Iofe for every such offence the treble value of the monies, wares, merchandizes, ^and other things so lent, bargained, exchanged or shifted.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That After >9 6epe» all and every scrivener and feriveners, broker and brokers, folici- JJner^c' for andi solicitors, driver and drivers of bargains for contracts, 4,41 t^c * who shall after the said nine and twentieth day of September above 5$. for take Or receive, directly or indirc&ly, any sum or sums of mo- >1- for a ftey, or other reward or thing for brokage, soliciting, driving, or ^ procuring the loan, or forbearing of any sum or sums of money, ab£ve ^d. bc-over ana above the rate or value of five shillings for the loan, side* itamp or forbearing of one hundred pounds for a year, and so ratably, duties, fur or above twelve pence, over and above the stamp-duties, for making or renewing of the bond or bill for loan, or forbearing bond"&cnoii thereof, or for any counterbond or bill concerning the fame, penalty of 10I. shall forfeit for every such offence twenty pounds, with cods of costs,and im-ftit, and suffer imprisonment for half a year j'the one moiety of Pr*|!?nment . ill which forfeitures to be to the Queen's most excellent majesty, onc,jJ>“jJ,y tier heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them the cro^ri the that will sue for the fame in the fame county where the several o:her to the offences are committed, and not elsewhere, by aeftion of debt, proiccutor. >ill, plaint or information, in which no effoin, wager of law or ^protection so all be allowed.

14 CAP.

120

Anno duodecimo Annje. Sut. 2. fc. 17. [1713*

CAP. XVII.

An act for the speedy and effeStual preserving the navigation of the river of Thames, by flopping the breach in the levels of Havering and Dagenham in the county if Essex \ and for ascertaining the coal measure.

WHEREAS the preservation of the river of Thames is of the utmost importance, as well to the city of London, as to the trade of this whole kingdom: and whereas in the year one thou fond seven hundred and [even, by a violent inundation of the said river of Thames, there happened a great breach in the walls or banks of the levels of Havering and Dagenham in the county of Essex, next adjoining to the said river, whereby one thousand acres of land in the said levels is overflowed^ and the fame, if not speedily remedied, will tend to the apparent hazard of the navigation of the said river , by tbf continual quantities of earth and gravely which every tide are brought from the JaiJ breach, and have already occasioned a Jhelf or fani bank to grow up near the mouth of the said breach, which reaches almost half cross the river in breadth, and near a mile in length; infamuch that if the said breach is not flopped., and the walls or banks made good again y the navigation of the said river of Thames is in danger of being utterly destroyed: For remedy whereof, 6e it pnadked, tie.

For 10 years from toJuly 1714- Ships coming into the port of London, to pay 3d. per ton. Coatters 3's. each voyage. Colliers j d. per chaldfr^ Names of the trustee®. Trustees may appoint receiver* of tnefe duties; Duties to be applied to the flopping the breach. Account*, &c. to be laid before the parliament. No customer, Sic. to take any entries, kc, till these duties are paid, on forfeiture of 50I. Collector may enter ship*, and riiftrain for the duties. Trustees may borrow money on this act at 6! per rent. If sufficient money be raised within the 10 years, then the duties toceafe. EXP.

The contents of a coal buiheJ.

13 & 14. W. 3. c 5. i. 28.

XI. And whereas the practice and ttfagt in the port of London for many years last pa fly in the measurement of all forts of coals9 com* mcnly called sea coals y water-born y liable to the fevered duties, and chargeable with the fame by several alls of parliament, hath usually 'been made by a bujbel equal to one bujhel and one quarty Winchester measurey according to the Jlandard in her Majestfs Exchequer : and whereas some doubts and disputes have of late arisen touching the measurement of sea coals; for preventing therefore all such disputes for the future, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, T hat the bushel commonly called the coal bushd£ shall be made round, with a plain and even bottom, and to be nineteen inches and a half from outside to outside, and to contain one iPfycheflcr buihel and one quart of water, according to the standard for the JP'inchester buihel, described by an adfc of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late ma-jerty King JViiliam for settling a duty upon malt, and all sea coals and culm chargeable with any duties by the Wihchester measure, from and after the first day of August one thou&n4 (even hundred and fourteen, shall be chargeable with the fau}

1713-I Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat. 2. c. 18. sat

duties, and be fold, measured, and paid by the chalder, con* taining thirty-six of such bushels, as aforesaid, heaped up, and no other, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, under the like penalties and forfeitures as are by law prescribed in regard to the Winchester bushel; any law, usage or custom to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding.

XII. And for the more easy and better- ascertaining the contents of A standard the said bujhcly be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the lord high treasurer, or any three or more of the com- Exchequer, missioners of the treasury for the time being, shall cause an tx-The penalty of aft bushel to be made of brass of the manner and dimensions a* 5°^fttlmd on foresaid, and the fame to be sealed and kept in her Majesty's jJ^nf^Seba Exchequer as a standard for the purposes aforesaid, that recoune^^^J may be had thereto as occasion shall require. j Geo.». c.*6.

Lands sold by decree of commissioners of sewers, See. may be redeemed by ' the land owners before i Dec. 1714. Notice in the gazette of receiving propo&U for (topping the breach. CoaAing hoys not chargeable. EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the preserving all such ships and goods there of which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or Jlrand-td* upon the coajls of this kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's dominions.

WHEREAS by an act made in the third year of the reign of j Ed. 1. c. 4, King Edward the First, concerning weds at sea* it is enacted* 7 hat where a man* a dog* or a cat* escape quid out of the ship* that futh Jhtp* nor barge* nor any thing in them* shall be adjudged a wed, but the goods shall be favei* and kept by view of the (berijf* coroner, or the King's bailiffs and delivered into the hands of .

such as are of the town where the goods were found\ so that if any sue for those goods* and after prove that they were his* or peri/bei within his keeping* within a year and a day* they shall be restored to him without delay* and if not* they shall remain to the King* or to such others to whom wreck belonged \ and he thatotherwise doth* and thereof be attainted, shall be awarded to prison* and make fine at the Kings will: and whereas by another act made in the fourth year of the reign of the said Edward the First* intituled, De officio Coro- 4Ed. 1. stat. a. natoris, concerning the wreck of the sea* it is enabled* That where-soever it be found, if any lay hands of it, he shall be attached by sufficient pledges* and the price of the wreck shall be valued* and delivered to the town: and whereas great complaints have been made by fevered merchants* as well her Majesty's subjects as foreigners* trading to and from this kingdom* that many shipsof trade* after all their dangers at sea ejeaped* have unfortunately, near home, run on Shore* or been Jlrandea on the coajls thereof; and that such Jlips have been \arbaroufly plundered by her Majesty's subjects* and their cargoes em-bezHJed* and when any part thereof has been fayed* it has been swallowed up by exorbitant demands for fahage* to the great loss of her Majestfs revenue* and to the much greater damage of her Majesty's trading subjects: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Queen's

most

m

Sheriff*, mayors, ana custom

Scc.

All ships to ifcft,

Anno duodecimo Annas. Stat.2. c. i8. [1713*

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the sheriffs, justices of the peace of every county, or county of a city or town, and also all mayors, bailiffs, ana other head

_________ officers of corporations and port towns near adjoining to the sea,

house officers and all constables, head boroughs, tything-men, and officers of *he cu^oins lti a^ an^ every such places shall, upon application ships in di- ma^c 10 them, or any of them, by or on the behalf of any com-ftrefi, mander or chief officer of any ship or vessel of any of her Ma-

jesty's subjecb, or others, being in danger of being stranded or run on shore, or being stranded or run on shore, are hereby impowered and required to command the constables of the several ports within her Majesty's dominions, nearest to the sea coasts where any such ship or vessel shall be in danger, as aforesaid, to summon and call together as many men as (nail be thought necessary to the assistance and for the preservation of such ship or vessel so in distress, as aforesaid, and their cargoesj and that if there shall be any ship or vessel, either man of war or merchants ship, belonging to her Majesty, or any of her subjecb, riding at anchor near the place where such ship or vessel is in distrest or danger, as aforesaid, the officers of the customs, and constables above mentioned, or any of them, are hereby impowered and required to demand of the superior officers or such ship or vessel so riding at anchor, as aforesaid, assistance by.their Ipats, and such hands as they can conveniently spare, for the said fqr-vice and preservation of the said ship or vessel so in distress, as aforesaid; and that in case such superior officer of such ship or vessel riding at anchor, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to give such assistance, he shall forfeit for the fame the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by the superior officer of the raid ship or vessel (o in distress, as aforesaid, together with their cods or suit, in any of her Majesty's courts of record, by action, debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no eftoin, wager of law, or protection shall be allowed.

II. And for the encouragement of such persons as shall J^ve their assistance to such ships or vessels so in distress, as jt&oe-said, be it further enacted, That the said collectors of the cair (toms, and the tnafter or commanding officer of any ships or vessels, and all others who shall act or be imployed in the pre-- . (erving of any such ship or vessel in distress, as aforesaid, or tifeeir

cufiem*to ^ car(|oes* shall within thirty days after the service performed be

on forfeiture of tool.

Reasonable salvage to be made.

By5 Geo. i. c. II. fr 13. Goods farutd Jfom Jlranded

paid a reasonable reward for the fame, by the commander, matter, or other superior officer, mariners or owners of the ship or yeflel so in distress, as aforesaid, or by the merchant, wnofe ship, vessel, or goods shall be so saved, as aforesaid; and in default thereof, the said ship, vessel or goods so saved, as efbrefaid9 shall remain in the custody of such officer of the customs, orjiis deputy, until such time that all charges shall be paid, and until the said officer of the customs, or his deputy, and the said jha-tttr or other offiper of the ship nr vcfiid* and ah others faim-

ployed

] Anno duodecimo Annje. Stat. a. c. it. {

I as aforesaid, shall be reasonably gratified for their fakl ice and trouble, or good security given, for that purpose, satisfaltion of the several parties that are to receive the and that in case after such salvage, the commander or superior officer, mariners or owners of such ship or vtffel ed, as aforesaid, or merchant whose goods shall be ib foved, refaid, shall disagree with the said officer of the customs^ deputy, touching the monies deserved by any of the per-b imployed, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful nor the comer of such ship or vessel so saved, or the owner of the goods,

: merchant interested therein, and also for the said officer of iftoms, or his deputy, to nominate three of the neighbour-iftices of the peace, who shall thereupon affiuft the quart- Three juftlces f the monies or gratuities to be paid to the several persons to adjust the ; or being imployed in the salvage of the said ship, vessel <*uan 9ds; and such adjustments shall be binding to all parties, tiall be recoverable in an action at law to be brought in any Majesty's courts of record, by the respective persons to i the fame shall be allotted by the said justices of peace; and e it shall happen, that no person shall appear to make his Goods not to all or any the goods that shall be laved, that then and claimed in to case^the chief officer of the customs of the neared port to lace where the said ship or vessel was so in distress, as a- 9 id, shall apply to three of the neared justices of the peace,

shall put him or some other responsible person in possession e said goods, such judices of peace taking an account in ng of the said goods, to be signed by such officer of the ms; and if the said goods shall not be legally claimed with-e space of twelve months next ensuing, by the rightful :r thereof, then publick sale shall be made thereof, and if lable goods, forthwith to be sold, and after all charges de- andtbemonWt id, the residue of the monies anfing by such sale, with a tnmfmitted ind just account of the whole, shall be transmitted to her into the Ex-ifty's Exchequer, there to remain for the benefit of the chequer, &c. ful owner when appearing, who upon affidavit or other f made of his or their right or property thereto, to the faction of, one of the barons of the coife of the Exchequer, upon his order receive the feme out of the Exchequer. t. And it is hereby also enacted, That if any person or per- ptrfcns en-whatsoever, besides those impowered by the said officer of tring ship customs, or his deputy, and the condables, as aforesaid, without leave, enter or endeavour to enter on board any such ship or vef-i in distress, as aforesaid, without the leave or consent of the mander, or other superior officer of the said ship, or of the officer of the cqftoms, or his deputy, or of the said coney or some or one of them imployed for the service and pre~ ition of the said ship or vessel, as aforesaid; or in case any or hindering m shall moled him, them, or any of them, in the {zving^chvingxhe he foid ship, vessel or goods, or mall endeavour to impede inder the laving of any such ship, vessel or goods, or when faftfoa. such gpods are fared, shall takeout or deface the marks of

any

124 Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat. 2. c. 18. [1713*

any such goods, before the fame shall be taken down in a book or books for that purpose provided by the commander or ruling officer, and the first officer of the customs, as aforesaid, such person or persons shall, within the space of twenty days, make double (atisfadtion to the party grieved, at the discretion of the two next justices of peace, or in default thereof, shall by such justices of peace be sent to the next house of corredtjon, where he shall continue and be imployed in hard labour by the space Masters may of twelve months then next ensuing; and that it shall be lawful repel rSf*r# for any commander or superior officer of the said ship or vessel so into e p. jn distress as aforesaid, or for the said officer of the customs, or constables on board the fame ship or vessel, to repel by force any such person or persons as shall, without such leave or consent from the said commander or superior officer, or the said officer of the customs, or his deputy, or such constables, as aforesaid, prels on board the said ship or vessel so in distress, as aforesaid, and thereby molest them in the preservation of the said ship or vessel so in distress, as aforesaid.

Goods carried IV. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That in case any goods off, to bo »m- shall be found upon, any person or persons, that were stolen or carried from any such ship or vessel so in distress, as afore-; verea up. ^e, (he, or they, on whom such goods shall be fotlnd,

shall immediately, upon demand, deliver the fame to the owner thereof, or to such person by such owner authorized to receive the fame, or in default thereof, shall be liable to pay treble the Penalty treble value of such goods, to be recovered by such owner in an adtioa the value. at law to be brought for the fame.

Making holes V. And it is hereby moreover enabled, That if any person in the ship, or persons shall make, or be alRfting in the making any hole in

&.C. felony. the bottom, side, or any other part of any ship or vessel so m

distress, as aforesaid, or shall steal any pump belonging tp any ship or vessel so in distress, as aforesaid, or shall be aiding or abetting in the dealing such pump, as aforesaid, or shall wi^» fully do any thing tending to the immediate loss or deftrqAiotJ of such ship or vessel, such person or persons shall be and are hereby made guilty of felony, without any benefit of his, her, or their clergy.

General issue. VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaUL That if any action, suit, or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for any thing that he or they shall do, or cause to be done, in pursuance of this avfl, and executing any of the powers and authorities, or any of the orders or direction therein mentioned, all and every person and persons so sued in any court whatsoever, shall ana may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if in any such suit the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit. or forbear prosecution, or discontinue the suit, or if averdidt shall pass against him, or judgment be given against him upon a demurrer, then in any of the said cases, the defendant or defendants shall recover full costs, for which he gnd they shall havp the lijte ranedy a; vyher? coft$ by law are a-

' wrdftfj

1713*] Anno duodecimo Annjr. Stat.2. c. 18.1 ia 5

warded; and this a A shall be taken and allowed in all courtsPublick act. within this kingdom as a publick aA, and all judges and justice9 are hereby required to take notice thereof as such without special pleading of the fame.

VII. Provided nevertheless, if any officer of the customs, orCaftom house his deputy so impowered, as above, shall, by fraud or wilful ^ctcrru^bu^nS neglect, abuse the trust so hereby reposed in him, as aforesaid, treble and shall be conviAed thereof in due form of law, such officer, damages, and or his deputy, shall respectively forfeit treble damages to the party disabled. grieved, to be recovered in any action or suit to be brought in

any court of record, and shall from thenceforth be fully diubled and rendred incapable of the lame, or any other imployment relating to the said customs.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That this act, and AA to com-the several clauses herein contained, shall take effect from mence 1 Aug. and after the first day of August in the year of our Lord onebere^fow* thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and that for the bettertimeg m t|>e observing of the fame, this act shall be read four times in the year on Sun-year ia all the parish churches and chapels of every sea-i^tdaytinje^ town, and upon the sea-coast in this kingdom, upon the Sun- P°rt towns, days next before Afubaelmai-day, Christmas-day, Lady-day, and Imdfummtr-day in the morning, immediately after the prayers,

and before the sermon.

IX. provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That neither Claims to this aAj.nor any thing herein contained, shall any ways extend wreck fcved. to deprive, or any ways prejudice her royal Majesty, her heirs

or successors, or any claiming under them, or any of them, or' any patentee or grantee of the crown, or any lord or lords of any manor or manors, or other person whatsoever, of or in relation to any right which they, or any of them respectively have, or shall have, or lawfully may claim to any wreck or wrecks, or any goods that are or (nail be flotfam, jetfara or lagan, but that' such respective rights shall be enjoyed in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner, in every respect, as if this act had never been made.

X. Provided, That this act shall continue in force for the space Continuation of three years, and from thence to the end of the next session

of parliament, and no longer. Madeperpitual by 4 Geo. z. r. 12.

CAP;

uf Annb duodecimo Annje. Stat.2. 6.19. [1713*

CAP. XIX.

A* att to explain a clause in parliament of the tenth year of her Majesty' reign, for laying Juliet

upon all [ope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame -, and upon chequered and striped linens ported ; and upon certain ftIks, linens and stuffs,

printed, painted or famed and upon everal kinds of stampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed pamphlets and ; for rrnfrxg the

sum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of a tery j and for other purpin the said act mentioned, ft

far as the said a3 relates to ,

barras,and Siiefia neckcloths.

n

isAaxu c. 19, Wf HERE AS in and by an a fl paffid in the tenth year if her W present Majesffs reign, intituled, An act for laying (cvenl duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported ioto the fame; and upon chequered and striped linens imported; and upon certain lilks, callicoes, linens and (tuffs,1 printed, painted or stained; and upon several kinds of stampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed papers,

Jamphlets and advertisements; for raising the sum of eighteen undred thousand pounds by way of a lottery, towards her Mi-jelly's supply; and for licenfiqg an additional number of hackney ehairs; and for charging certain (locks of cards and dice; and for better securing her Majesty's duties to atife In the office for the stamp-duties by licences for marriages and Olfhcftvfifif; and for relief of persons who have not claimed their lottery rickets in due time, or have loll Exchequer bills, or lonevy4iclcet?| and for borrowing money upon Hock (part of thecapka! of the South Sea company) for the use of the publick : it waoenaRed, That there Jboidd be raffed, levied, coBeRed and paid, to and far lie wi. . . vfe of her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for and upon all chequed* ad and striped linens, and upon all linens, and upon all linens printed, painted, stained or dyed, after the mamfaRure, or in the thread uni yam before the manufacture, in any foreign parts, wkiehatany thm or times, within or during the term of thirty-two years, to be reckon-ad from the twentieth day of July one thousand seven hundred:and # twelve, should be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Bit tain, and might lawfully be used or worn there {over and above all other customs,subsidies and duties imposed upon, or payable for the famr)~a duty of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and red value thereof, to be paid by the importers respeRively; and tdfi, rind all and every printers, painters, Jlainers, dyers, drapers, metiers, upholders, traders and dialers respeRively, having on the said twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in his, her, or their meflody or possession, or in the custody or pojfefjion of any other petfen or persons, for his, her or their use, benefit or account, any flock or quantity offtub chequered or striped linens, or of such printed, pointed, flamed

i

1713*] Anno duodecimo Annjb. Stat. 2. c. 20. 127

?r dyed fillsy catlicoes, linens, or such stuffs, as aforesaid, being fot foie, either wholesale or retail, should yield and pay to her Majesty for the fame, so much money as one half-part of the rates and duties by the said ail imposed on the like respective commodities, after the commencement of the said act, should amount unto; the said half-part for the said flocks to be paid within three months after the said twenm tieth day of July aforesaid -, and whereas some doubts have arisen whether Ifnvns, linens striped or chequered, being all white, and neck-cloths having drifts at the end only ; as also barras Jlriped or chequered, and buckrams are liable by the said eft to the abov/ mentioned duties ; be it enacted and declared by the Queen's most excellent Lawns, Silesia majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual neckcloths, and temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflem- barm,J?n\. bled, and by the authority of the fame, That all lawns, and *nnot ftnped or cnequered linens, being all white, and neckcloths chargeable by striped at the end only; and also terras, or packing canvas and 10 Ann, c. 19. buckrams, were not charged, or intended to be charged by the said recited act, upon the importation thereof, with any of the duties by the fame ad granted; any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

an act to explain and make more effectual an aS passed in /hi tenth year of her present Majestfs reign, for preventing chafes in making linen cloth, and regulating the length/ and breadths, and equal for ting of yarn, in each piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the fame.

WHEREAS by an act made in the tenth year of her Majt/ifs so 4on. c. ax, reign, intituled, An act to prevent abuses in making linen doth, and regulating the lengths, breadths, and equal sorting of yam for each piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the Jhme; and ferafmuch as there was no provifm made in the said act for regulating the lengths, breadths, and equal sorting of yam for domick or towelling or for quarter-pieces of white linen cloth-, for After 1 Aug. remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Queen's most excellent ma- ,y,4. all dor-jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual mck,towelling and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem- and plain linen fated, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the (h*nb£" ftttday of August, which shall be in-the vear of our Lord one msuie of well thdufand seven hundred and fourteen, all (oits ofdomick, towel- sorted yam, ling, or plain linen cloth made in Scotland, shall be made of well lotted yarn for each piece, and equally wrought, and equally fine, from the one end of the piece to the other, and shall be by the standard yard-wand, of the lengths and breadths follow*-ing, That each piece of broad, double, or (ingle domick table- The lengths,? moths, shall be in length twelve yards and a quarter, the half and breadths, niece fix yards and one eighth, and shall be full two yards in Breadth; and that each piece of double or single domick for hwrie or towelling, shall be full twenty-four yards, and the Mf piece twdre yards in length, and flail be hill three qua*-

tec*

128 Anno duodecimo Ann^. Stat.2. c.21. [1713.

ters of a yard, or full half yard in breadth; and that each quarter-piece of plain white linen cloth shall be full ten yards in lengthy and shall be full yard, or full three quarters of a yard, or full half an yard in breadth.

Penalty 5s.for II. And be it further enacted, That every person offending in every yardj any of the matters aforesaid, contrary to the directions of this act, do and shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of lobe recover- five shillings for every yard of cloth; and that the offences a-by 10 foresaid shall be examinable and determinable in such manner, Ann. c.». and the said forfeitures and penalties shall be sued for, levied and recovered, as the penalty of five shillings (terling mentioned in the said former act is directed to be examined and determined, sued for, levied and recovered.

CAP. XXI.

An aB to explain part of an act made in the /eventh year of her Majestfs reign, (for enlarging the capital stock tf the bank of England, and for racing a further supply Jo her - Majesty, for the service of the year one thousand /even hundred and nine) so far as the fame relates to unwrougbt. incle imported into this kingdom.

7 Ann.

supply to her Majesty, for the service of the year one ihoufimd seven hundred and nine, it is expressly enalied and provided. That all European linens, fijlers thread and tapes, or incles (among other - things) shall be exempted from the payment of the duties called the two-

third Jubfedies,forall times to come during the continuance of the Jaap: and whereas fom* doubts and disputes have arisen between thctmmf fieners of her Majesty s customs and the merchants and other importers of the said tapes and incles, by means of the uncertainty whether the exception of the tape or incle, mentioned in the said act, be onfr of tapes that are wrought incle, so that all wrought incte is thereby exempted from the payment of the aforesaid duties, though manufa&urtd abroad in parts beyond the seas, and unwrought incles, wbub impley great numbers of poor in manufacturing the fame, is construedto be liable to, and is charged with the said duties, contrary to the tnu % -tent and meaning of the said law, as appears evidently, in that ike bringing in and importing wrought incle, is prejudicial to Great Bfi-European un- tain, and the poor fubieCis and manufacturers thereof; be it theft-wrought inde fore enacted and declared by the Queen's most excellent majesy, fromthedu- ^ a°d l^e advice and consent of the lords spiritual add tiewif the two temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflctnbled, third fubfidics. and by the authority of the fame. That the said provision and exception in the said act above mentioned, in relation to tapes or indes, shall extend and be construed to exempt European un-wrought incle, commonly called or known by the name of (bort fpinnal, as well as wrought incle, from the payment of the said duties of the two third fubfidics, which shall be entred at any of her

Majesfty's

129

17x3.] Anno duodecimo Anna. Stat.2. c. 22,23.

Majesty's custom-houses within the kingdom of Great Britain, after the twentieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; any law, custom or utage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

cap. xxn.

An act td continue an act of the sixth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An aB to enable btr Majesty to make leajes and copus of offices % loads used hereditaments, parcel if ter dsstcby of Cornwall or annexed to the fame

EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for reducing the lawt relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beg* 'Repealed gars and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more effec- ijGeo.a.c.ia. tual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars and vagrants, .-Geo * c e and lending them whether they ought to be tent. 7

Who shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Constables, &c. may apprehend a vagabond, and carry him before a justice. Constable, Sce. negfefting, to forfeit 10s. to the poor. Justice may order a reward of * s. for apprehendixK a vagabond, to be paid by the constable where he passed unapprehended, on penalty of 10 s. Justices to order a general pnvy foarch in the night. Perions apprehended to be examined and font by the justices to their lezal settlement. Examination to b^ transmitted to the (eflions.

If no legal fetdement can be found, he shall be Cent to the place of his birth. If under the age of 14, to the abode of father dr mother, or where last found begging, &c. Perions having a legal settlement, found wandering, See. may be whipped or font to the houfo of corrosion. How the charges of conveying shall be born. Dangerous rogues to be font to t|ie houfo of cocre&ioo or gaol, till nextquarter-feifions, who may order them to .be whipt and kept to hard labour. And any such rogue efoaping from prison shall be guilty of felony. Justice shall not make, a pass for conveying a vagrant to the place of his birth, if he has any legal fottlement, on forfeiture of 5I. Personsapprehended refilling to be examined. See. may be pumlhcdas incorrigible rogues. Justices to certify the manner, time, and allowance for conveying, Sec. Constable, foe. to convey the person as directed by the pass, and deliver him to the constable, Ac. of the place whither font, taking a note of such delivery; which the said constable, foe. is required to give, and to apply to some justice, who shall cause such vagabond to be whipt, foe. and conveyed forward, &c. No constable obliged to receive any person, unlefo it appear he has been whipt, (except women with child, soldiers, &c.) Justices in quarter-sessions to appoint rates for conveying of vagrants. Quarter-fdfions to cause such sums to be nlftd as monies for county gaols orbridges: to be paid to the chief con-ftabies, who shall account for the fame twice a year. Chief constable to pjay petty constable the rates ascertained in the certificate, and be allowed it fan his account. Counterfeiting, &c. any certificate, forfeits sol. above tkfeTum taken. One half to the poor, the other to informer, to be levied by difoeft. Justices may examine constable, foe. on oath, concerning the con? veyfaig, foe. Farifli to which conveyed, shall employ such person in work.

ELnuung to work, he shall be font to the house of correction. Penalty on a pecift) for suffering such person to wander again. Person wandering a-gairi, to be font to the houie of correction till next fefikms, and then to . ptefccurity for good behaviour for one year, or be deemed an incorrigible rogue. Pcron found to have no settlement, &c. shall be an appren-See for (even years, either here or in the plantations. Matter, foe. of such person so bound and transported, to enter into a recognizance, that he ball be imployed in the Queen's plantations, foe. Perions aggrieved by seders of justices may appeal to quarter-sessions, whoso determination shall be final. Constables, foe. to remove blind and lame beggars, Sec. and iririp them if they refuse, or offend a second time, on penalty of 10 s.

Daly of justices in regard to lunaticks. Not to extend to abridge tiieQueen's VOL, XIU. K prero-

«3° Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. i. c. i. [*7*4-

prerogative, or the power of the lord chancel lor. Matter of a ship bring* ing any rogue, &c. into this realm, from Ireland, the plantations. See. shall forfeit 51. &c. And the person so brought over shall he sent back. Penalty on the matter of the ship how to be recovered. Matter may tra-verse the order of the justices, giving 501. security toanswerthe cott*,&c. Matters of ships, &c. bound for Ireland, See. to take vagrants on board, and convey them to Ireland, &c. on forfeiture of 5I. Conttable remiss in his duty, and persons dilturhing, tcc. the execution of this act, and refeuing, &c. any person apprehended, shall for every offence forfeit tos. to the poor. The acts 39EI17.. c. 4. 1 Jac. 1. c. 7. and so much of 7 Jac. 1. c. 4.. as relates to the privy search, repealed. Not to extend to prejudice the heirs or assigns of John Dutton, &c. REP.

Anno Regni GEORGII I. Magna

Britannia, Francia &1 Hibernia, primo.

«

AT the parliament met at Westminster the first day of August, Anno Domini one thousand /even hundred and fourteen, in the first year of the reign of our sovereign Lord George by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. on occasion of the demise of her late majesty Queen Anne (of blessed

mory)in pursuance of the act of the of her said

late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the further fecu-

rity of her Majesty's person and government, and of the fuccefikm to the crown of Great Britain in the protestant l*ne» (a) an^ kt adjournments continued until the twenty-alted from the fifth day of the fame month.

tnrollmeut,

CAP. I.

An act for the better support of his Majesty* s houshold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

1 Ann. stat. i. TV/T AY it please your most excellent Majesty, Whereas by an at! c* 7* JLVJL of parliament made in the first year of the reign of our late

sovereign lady S>ueen Anne (of blessed memory,) intituled> An act for the better support of her Majesty's houfliold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, it was (amongst other things) en* acted, That the rates and duties of excise, upon beer, ale, ami other 11 Car.i.c.13. liquors, which had been granted to his late majesty King Charles the Second, (of blessed memory) by an act made in the twelfth year of his reign, intituled, A grant of certain impositions upon beer, ak, 'and other liquors, for th6 increase of his Majesty's revenue during his life, and which were granted to their late majesties Stag 2 W. & M. William and £>ueen Mary (of blessed memory) by an act made i»

fess. 1. c. 3. the secondyear of their reign, for their lives, and the life of the far*

vivor of them (a certain duty of six pence for every barrel of vinegar* beer, granted by the fame acts, excepted) and dlfo a duty y ftx pence, 6 part

*3*

lj 14.] Anno primo Georgii I. St at. 1. c. 1.

part of a duty of eight fallings, which was granted to his said late majesty King William, for and upon evciy barrel of vinegar, vine-gar-beer, or liquor preparing for vinegar, which should be brewed or made of any English materials, by any person or p< rfons whatsoever for Jale, and so in proportion for a greater or Icjfer quantity, by an act made in the tenth year of his reign: and likewise the further Xo$c u W. 3, subsidy of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods c.'n. and merchandizes, which had been granted to his said late majesty King William for his life, by an act made in the ninth year of his reign, 9 & 10 W 3, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a further subsidy ofc* *3-.tonnage and poundage, towards raising the yearly sum of seven hundred thousand pounds, for the service of his Majesty's houshold, and other uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's life, should be levied, collected, and paid to her said late majesty , Ann. stat. ij Queen Anne, for and during the term of her natural life: and in c. 7. and by the said act of the first year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, it was enailed and declared, That the hereditary rates and duties of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, which were 'granted to the crown in the twelfth year of ihe reign of the said late King Charles the Second, and the said duties of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, granted to her Majesty by the said ail of the first year of her reign, for her life (subjeil nevertheless to the incumbrances in that aCi mentioned) and the monies arising by the said further subsidy of tonnage and poundage, and other duties thereby granted, and the revenue arising in the general letter-office or post-office, or office For the applU ofpojl-majhr general, and the small branches of her Majesty s revenues, cation of the therein particularly described or mentioned, should be for the support Jjrpl™ ?rifi*S of her Majesty's houjbold, and of the honour and dignity o f the crown, seT\ Geo. W as by the said ail of the first year of her said late Majesty's reign ltat.i. c. 12." (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: now zveyour ** 25* and

Majesty'1 ~ ' ~

tain

government, and better supporting the dignity of the crown of Great Britain, during your life (which God long preserve) and as a testi-mony of our unfeigned ajsession to your sacred person, by whose peaceable and happy accession to the throne (after the loss of our late most gracious sovereign Laiy) your Majesty's Jubjeils are not only delivered from the fear of their enemies, but have a profpeil (which they an bound to own with thankfulness to Almighty God) that the religion, laws and liberties of this realm will be continued, and that they your said Jubjeils, and their pofisrity may, through his divine goodness, enjoy a long tranquillity under your Majesty's auspicious reign, have therefore freely and unanitnoufly resolved to give and grant, and do by this ail give and grant to you our mofi gracious sovereign lord King George, the several rates, duties, impositions and charges herein after mentioned, during your Majesty's life \ and do mo ft humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enailed: and be it enacted, 6V.

During the life of his.Majesty, the excise granted to KingCharles the Se- I2 Car.s.c.iu rood (hill be paid to King George. The further subsidy of tonnage and * W. & M. poundage, granted by the act of the ninth of King William, shall during fefTf I# c. 3*

K % the

132 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. i. c. i. [1714.'

10 & 11 W. 3. the life of King George, be paid to his Majesty, These said duties, and c. «i. the revenue of the poit office, and the small branches of his Majesty's re*

9 & 10 W. j. venues, viz. Fines for writs of covenant, and writs of entry, payable ia c. 23. the alienation-office, the post-fines, the revenue of the wine-licences, (he-

1 Ann. stat.i* riffs profers and compolitions in the Exchequer, seizures of mncustomed c. 7. and prohibited goods, his Majesty's rents of lands, or for fines of leases,

6c 3 Ann. and all other revenues settled for the support cf her late Majesty*6 houfhok), c. 3. &c. (except the duty of four and an naif per cent, in Barbadoes and the

12 & 13 W. 3. Leeward Island9, ana except the revenue of the dutchy of Cornwall, and C. is. except the first-fruits and tenths of the clergy,) shall be for the support of

6c 3 Ann.c.3. his Majesty's houshold, and of the honour and dignity of his crown. The 3 Ann. c. 2. weekly sum of three thousand (even hundred pounds charged upon the ex-9 Ann. c. 10. cife, shall be taken out of the said duties of excise granted to Kiqg George.

9 Ann. c. 23. Nothing in this act shall hinder the payment of the weekly sum of seven hundred pounds out of the post-office. The sum of thirty-five thousand pounds, payable out of the excise, granted during the term of thirty two years, shall be charged upon the said duties ot excise granted to King George. EXP.

650221.8s. 8d. VIII. And whereas by an at! made in the last session of this present for the Hano- parliament y intituled, An act for laying additional duties on lope °Va tr°S£*9 and paper, and upon certain linens, silks, callicoes and stuff %

* and upon (larch, and upon exported coals, and upon (lampt vellum, parchment and paper, for railing one million four hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery, for her Majesty's supply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, Iheep skins and lamb skins; and for distribution of four thousand pounds, due to the officers and Teamen for gun-money j and to adjust the property of tickets in former lotteries, and i touching certain shares of (lock in the capital of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Ma- j jetty, any sum not exceeding in the whole thru hundred thousand pounds is appropriated towards satisfying the debt due on account to tit land forces, and to the out-pensioners; in which said debt due on account to the land forces, the sum of sixty-five thousand twenty-twe pounds eight shillings and eight pence, being the arrears of pay and ; extraordinaries due to the troops of Hanover for their fervid in the i , . Low Countries, in the year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, \ is included ; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, there shall j and may be ilTued and applied the sum of (ixty-Jto iboufiuid twenty-two pounds eight shillings and eight pence^'IttMBid towards the satisfying and discharging the said arrears df 'pay and extraordinaries due to the said troops, as aforesaid.

Reward for IX. And whereas our late gracious foyereigti Queen Anne, of biffed taking the memory, being fully convinced of the imminentaangers which threat-pretender. nej for kingdoms, and the protejtant fxucefjion in the house cf Hanover,

as well as from a just rejentment of the indignities offered to bar Majesty by the pretender's remaining tn Lorrain, in defiance of her repeated infiances for his removal, and of the treasonable practices committed by inlifting her Majesty's subjects in the fervid of the pretender, was pleased to issue her royal prodamationy thereby promtfing a reward of five thousand pounds to such person who should apprehend At pretender: and whereas the commons of Great Britain inpartiame* assembledj did by their bumble address ajfiere her Majesty % /Atf /Ajr

1714-] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 1. c. 2. 133

would ajfijl btr by granting out of the first aids to be given by par-1 Geo. 1. liament the Jum of one hundred thousand pounds, as a further encou- * c-ragement and reward for apprehending the pretender, whenever he xS*

should land) or attempt to land> in any of her late Majesty's dominions*, now to the end that the encouragement and reward for a service so important may be rendred Jure and effectual, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being shall, and are hereby authorized and required, out of the monies granted, or to 00 granted by parliament for the use of the publick, forthwith to issue and pay the sum of one hundred thousand pounds to any person or persons who shall seize and * lecure the person of the pretender, whenever he shall land or attempt to land, in any of his Majesty's dominions.

CAP. II.

An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of the commis-Jwners for the land-tax for the year one thousand seven 1

hundred and fourteen , and for raising so much as is wanting to make up the sum of fourteen hundred thousand pounds, intended to be raised by a lottery for the publick service in the fdid year.

II. AND whereas by an act made in the findparliament holden at It stat.

Jl\> Westminster in the twelfth year of the reign of our said ». c. 1. Su late sovereign lady Queen Anne, for laying additional duties on 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. Jape and paper, and upon certain linens, fits, callicoes and stuffs, fat. % .

and upon starch, and exported coles, and uponstampt vellum, parch-went ana paper, for raising one million and Jour hundred thousand tit lottery aft, pounds by way of a lottery, (amongst other things therein contained) 17 *4* it was enabled. That yearly and every year, during the term of two and thirty years, reckoning the first year to begin from the twenty-ninth day ^September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the full sum of one hundred and five thousand pounds, by or out of the monies to arise by the additional or new duties thereby granted, should be a pearly fund for paying and answering certain principal sums, amounting in the whole to one million eight hundred seventy-six thousand and four hundred pounds, with interest for the fame, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as is therein mentioned; and (m case of any deficiencies) that the said yearly fund should be mode good as was toereby prescribed: and it was thereby further tnafted, That it should and might be lawful, for any person or perfonSy natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contributefor or towards advancing the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, the sum of ten pounds, or divers entire sums of ten pounds, upon the said act, for which he, Jhe, or they should be entitled to receive by virtue of that aftyfuch principal money and the interest thereof , to be paid as is therein mentionedy by and out of the said yearly fund; which sums of ten pounds each were thereby appointed to be paid unto the respective receivers on or before the respec-ttve days and times, and tn the respective proportions after men-

K 3 tioned

*34

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. i. C.2. [1714;

tioned; that is to say, fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day of August in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hmdred and fourteen, one ether fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, one other fourth part thereof on or before the eleventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and fourteen: and that no money should be received from any contributor or adventurer, for the first payment towards this adventure, after the said tenth day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, as by the'fame aft (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: ahd whereas fmee the making the act laji before recited, several contributions have been made thereupon^ amounting in the whole to five hundred and seven thousand four hundred and forty poinds, or thereabouts, part whereof hath been oftually paid or arfwercd tc the said receivers, and the residue of the contributions so made is to be paid or arfwered within the days or times before appointed in that behalf : and whereas for raising fit much as is wanting to complete the full furn of one million four hundred thousand pounds before mentioned, it is founa neceffnry, that the time for receiving the contributions for that purpose be prolonged, and that feme further encouragement and security be given to the contributors thereof ; now his Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament'aflfembled, domoft humbly beseech his Majesty, That it maybe enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaict. That yearly arid every year, during the said term of thirty-two years, the full 116,573!.1 ss. fnm of one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy-to.be the three pounds twelve shillings (in lieu of the aforesaid yearly FrlVlco > fund one ^unc^rc^ and five thousand pounds) to arise by or

c. 3* Made Out t**c monies arising by the said additional or new duties

perpetual by on fopc and paper, arid upon the said linens, silks, caliicoes, 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. and stuffs, and upon starch, and exported coles, and upon

a Geo 2 c ft301?* vellum, parchment and paper, by the said last recited

a eo. 2. c. 3. granted, and to be brought into the receipt of Exchequer, as afurefaid, in case the fame shall extend thereunto', shall be Fo'tuna^e computed and reckoned to be the yearly fund ; and in case all tickets to have the monies arising into the Exchequer for the said rates, duties 4I. pei <vnt.? and sums of jnoney so granted, shall not amount to the sum of percciit1*8 onc llimc^rccl and thousand five hundred seventy-three

5 F 1 * pounds twelve shillings per annum, then the monies so arising*

fj far as the fame fh?JI extend, shall be part*of the fame yearly fund, towards the answering and paying off all and every the said principal sums mentioned in the said act, amounting in the whole to one million eight hundred seventy-six thousand four hundred pounds, together with interest for the fame, after the respeeffive rates herein after mentioned; that is to say, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum for so much thereof as shall be contained in the fortunate tickets, to be drawn pursuant to that and this present act, or either of them, and after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for so much of the

**5

1714.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 1. C.2.

said principal sums as shall be contained in the other tickets,

(commonly called blank tickets) to be drawn pursuant to the lame a6ls, or either of them, until the satisfaction thereof respectively j yet so as that the interest of such principal Turns, as shall be paid off, shall cease from the respective times of paying off the lame: and in case the said duties, rates, and sums of money by the said last recited ac5t granted shall at any time or times appear to be so deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as that within any one year, to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said monies arising into the Exchequer, for or upon account of the fame duties, shall not amount to so much as one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy-three pounds twelve shillings, That then and so often, and in every such case, so Deficiency to much as shall be wanting to make up the said fund or sum of unap-one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy-three propriatedP" pounds twelve shillings, for every or any such year, (nail be monies, l'upplied and made good, from time to time, out of any the publick monies which shall come or be brought into the receipt of Exchequer (not having been appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament made before the said last recited act;) and all the publick unappropriated monies so coming into the said receipt next after the time that any such deficiency shall appear, are hereby appropriated to and for the making good of every such deficiency respectively, until the fame shall be fully made good and satisfied ; and the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby strictly enjoined and required, from time to time, to make up such deficiency accordingly out of such publick money, without any further or other warrant or authority for the lame; and that such publick money shall not be diverted, mif-applied, or issued to any other use, intent or purpose whatsoever, until the said deficiency for every such year respectively,

shall be. so satisfied, under the like penalties as are prescribed by the said last recited act for diverting or misapplving any other monies thereby appropriated; any thing in the said recited alt, or any other act of parliament whatsoever contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and in default of such publick monies or out of the for making good any such deficiency or deficiencies, as aforesaid, within six months after the fame shall happen, then and (b often, and in every such case, it is hereby declared, that so P much as shall (kill be wanting to make up the said fund of one hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred seventy-three pounds twelve shillings for every or any such year, shall be supplied and made good, from time to time, out of the first aid or sup-ply which shall afterwards be granted in parliament, and shall, from time to time be transferred thereunto, when the fame shall be granted, without further delay.

It shall be lawful for any persons to contribute so much as (together with the contributions already made) will complete the said sum of one mil-lien four hundred thousand pounds, by paying sums of ten pounds before the tenth of November one thousand seven hundred and fourteen. Tickets

K* shall

i3$ Anno primo Georgii I. Stat i. C. 2. [1714.

shall be made forth and drawn, for the monies contributed on this a&# and the said receited act, and all things shall be done as prescribed by the said recited act* Tickets to be paid xn course, and half-yearly. EXP.

E*ery box of VI. And whereas in the said last receited act it tvas enaffed and de-green starch, glared. That if the charge on /larch be made by gaging the said starch 57 inches in before it be dried in the (love, then and in every such case, every box fol^adth*10 °J &reen ftarcK or farch before it be so dried, containing fifty-seven and?in * inches in lengthy and ten inches in breadth, should, from the feconi depth, or ^So day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be esteemed fohd inches, to one hundred thirty-one Averdupois pounds weight of fiarch dried be charged at Qn^ perfeftjy made, and findd be charged accordingly, and propor-1 iAim.flat*!tionably for greater or lejfer quantities: and whereas the depth of c. 9. * such box of green farch, or fiarch before it be dried, which should

have been eight inches, was, by miftalte, emitted to be inserted in the said act, it is hereby declared and enacted, That if the charge on fiarch be made by gaging the said fiarch before it be dried in the stove, then and m every such case, every box of green fiarch, or fiarch before it be so dried, containing fifty-Teven inches in length, and ten inches in breadth, and eight inches in depth, or in the whole four thousand five hundred and sixty solid inches, shall be esteemed one hundred thirty-one Averdupois pounds weight of fiarch dried and perfectly made, and shall be charged accordingly, and proportionally for greater or lesser quantities.

All duties of VII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority excifeand cuf- aforesaid, That for avoiding any doubt or question concerning to the Kc* ** S1'*11* *n of parliament to his Majesty of certain

Queen after duties of excise and customs for his life, for support of his the union, for houshold, and the honour and dignity of the crown, the fame life, continued d0th and shall extend to such duties of excise, and such customs during life? and duties on import and export, as were payable to her said late Majesty after the union of the two kingdoms, for and during her life, and had continuance till the time of her de-eeafe; and that the fame shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid in the several parts of the united kingdom, during his Majesty's life, in the same manner only as they were payable to her Majesty during her life.

Conrimwtiwi VIIL And whereas there are divers laws now in force which will of several aets. gxpjre at enj of ffrj5 session of parliament, and probably there may

not be sufficient time for a particular examination and due consideration how far any of them may be fit to be further continued \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all laws now in force, and which would expire at the end of this session of parliament, shall be and continue in full force, to all intents and purposes, unto the end of the next session of parliament j any thing contained in any of the said laws to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP.

1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat 2. c. i, 2. 137

CAP. III.

An *ft to enable persons now refidiny in Great Britain, to take the oaths, and do all other acts in Great Britainf requisite to qualify themselves to continue their respective places, offices and employments in Ireland*

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magna. Bri-

tannia, Francia, df Hibernia, .

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Westminster,

theseventeenth day of March, Anno Domini thousand seven hundred and fourteen* in the Just year of the

reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE, by the Grace God* of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King* defender of the faith* &c. (a) And by feveraladjournments continued ,a) ^fittw till the ttoenty-sixth day of June in the of his Mo- m

fifty's reign* being thejSrft fession of this present .

CAPVI.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great-Bruasmt for the service of die year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, as. in tbt fmmd, EXP.

CAP. II.

An act for charging and continuing the duties on mum* cyder and perry* for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills* and lottery-tic loft* burnt* or dejhreyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in fever,al lotteries'* and for making forth stew orders in

lieu of certain lottery-orders obliterated or defeHive * for continuing certain duties on bopsuntil tbefirft day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

I. Ti/TOST gracious Sovereign, we your Majesty's moil dutiful 1V1 and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britan in parliament assembled, towards railing the necellary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and unanimously resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates, duties, and impolitions herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That within and throughout the whole Malt aft kingdom of Great Britain* the several and respective rates, du- i*Ann. ftatt.

lies, , and impositions, for and upon all malt, mum, cyder and % >*;frj?yer .

n, yaw

i3* . * Anna primo Georgii I; Stat. 2. c.2.\ [1714.-.

perry, which in and by one act of parliament made and passed in the twelfth .year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, of blelTed memory, intituled, An act for granting to her Majesty duties upon malt, mumy eyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen ; and for making forth duplicates of lottery tickets, lojl, burnt, or defrayed \ and for enlarging the time for adjufing claims in several lottery acts; and to punish the counterfeiting or forging of lottery orders ; and for explaining a late aft in relation io[f amp-duties on customary estates which pass by deed and copywere granted to her Majesty, or chargeable in manner therein mentioned, until the- twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and which by another act of1 parliament made "and passed in the twelfth year of the it Ann. flat. *. rejgn of her said late Majesty, intituled, An act for charging and c*3* continuing the'duties upon malt, man, cyder and perry, for the fer-

Vice of the year,, one thousand seven hundred and fourteen ; and for the encouragement of the difilling brandy from malted corn and cyder$ and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer bills> and lottery tickets, lofy burnt, or destroyed; and to enable the governor and company of \ ; v \ England, and others, to lend money upon South-Sea

fock, were continued until the twenty-fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, * shall be further continued in like manner, and shall be, and are by this act charged, for and.upon all malt which shall be made, and all mum which shall be made, or imported, and all cyder and perry, which shall be made for sale within the kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the three and twentieth day of June m theyear of loiir Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and before the four and twentieth day of June which foall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ftxteen; and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fticCessors, during the term aforesaid, by the fartie wiiysv means and methods, and by such fules and di-rCdions* and with such allowances and repayments, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of mitiga-tion, and other 'powers, and in such manner and form, in all respeds, as are prescribed, mentioned and expressed in the said former acts, or in any other act or acts of parliament thereby referred unto, or any of tlienr,* for or concerning the said duties, or any of them; and that the fame acts formerly made and passed, and the said other acts thereby referred unto, as to, fdr and concerning the said duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, and every article, rule, clause, matter and thing, in them, ahd every or any of them contained, or thereby referred to, and now being in forcer, shall be of full fdree and effect, to to all irifenrs and purposes, for railing, levying, eolleding, securing and accounting for the fame rates, duties and impositions hereby granted or continued, and for levying and recovering the penalties and forfeitures, and making any mitigations or allowances, and all other matters and things, during the continuance

of

Duties to be raised as by the former acts.

1714*3 * Anndprimo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c;a; 139

of this act, as fully, 'as if the fame were particularly ar.d at large repeated in the body of this present act.

This act to relate to the fame clay and time as the former act. A register to be kept, for tianstierring the principal sums, &c. due on the matt aft 17*13, to the register of this act. Claule of loan at 4J. per cent. Money lent not to be taxed. Orders for payment assignable.

VIII. And whereas by the aforesaid acts it is enafied. That every ^uty tQ be malfter, or other maker of malt, shall> within three months after he paid within shall make or might to have made such entry of the said malty as therein four month* is directeds pay and dear off all the duties which shall be due from him attcr entry* or them respectively; it is hereby further enacted, That the time limited by the aforesaid act for the payment of the said duty, be prolonged for one month after the said three months from the time of such entry.

Clause for making forth duplicates of Exchequer bills and lottery ticket*,' loft, burnt or dtitroyed. Clause for enlarging the time for adjusting claim*' in several lotteries. Clause for making forth new orders in lieu of obliterated ordefeftive order* in the claflis lottery 17x1.

XIII. And whereas it has lately been difeoveredy that great quantities of unmalted com or grain have fraudulently been mixed with and amongst malty which hath or ought to have been charged with the duties by several acts of parliament Jet and imposed upon all malt made-in Great Britain, and that such mixture hath afterwards been either fold in the kingdom of Great Britain, or hath been shipped off for exportation , and the person or persons by whom, or for or upon whose account the fame hath been so Jlipped off hath or have thereupon claimed and had the drawback and bounty in proportion to the whole quantity of such mixture so shipped offy as if the fame had totally and intirely con-Jtjled of malty for which the duty had been duly paid or charged, whereas iri truth great part thereof hath at such time and times con-fifitd either of unmalted corny or grain for which the duty on malt had never been paid or duly chargedy whereby her late majesy Hjlueen Anne, and his present Majesty hath been very much defrauded in the duty granted upon malty and the persons who have bought such mixture , have by the means aforesaid, been very much deceived and imposed upon ; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority Unmalted aforesaid, That if any malfter or maker of malt for sale or ex- grain mixed portation, or other feller of or dealer in malt for sale orexpor- with malt, ration, at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June one 5*' * thousand seven hundred and fifteen, (nail or do, with malt made of any f rt of corn or grain whatsoever, fraudulently mix or cause to be mixed any unmalted corn or grain, or shall fell, or offer to fell, or expose to sale any such mixture, or shall ship off, or put on board, or cause to be shipped off, or to be put on board, or shall offer or attempt to ship off or put on board any ship, hoy, barge, boat, or other navigable vessel, any such mixture, in order to export the fame, every such malfter or maker of malt, or other feller of or dealer in malt, for every buftiel of such mixture so fold or offered to be sold, or expoiea to sale, or

so

140

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. C,t. * [1714.

so shipped off or put on board, or offered, or attempted to be shipped off, or put on board any ship, hoy, barge, boat or other navigable vessel, in order to the exportation thereof, shall forfeit and lose the sum of live shillings.

£5*^ °^c XIV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, ficer forfeits ^hat ^ any malfter or maker of malt for sale, shall, after the 9 said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and

fifteen, prevent, obstrudt or hinder any officer or officers of excise, in the due execution of any of the powers or authorities given to him or them by this act, or by the said recited act or acts, or any or either of them, for the ascertaining and securing the said duties, hereby or by the said recited act or acts, or any or either of them, granted, the person br persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, shall be sued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated by such ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of' fefiioo, court of judiciary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland . respectivelyj and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty and forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, or his heirs and sucessors; and the other moiety to him that shall discover, inform or sue for the fame.

General mue. XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the .

authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained; or if any person or persons now is, or hereafter shall be sued or prosecuted for any matter or thing by him or them done in pursuance of any former act or acts for granting duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry $ such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defen* darns, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have full cods to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Duties on hops XVII. And whereas by an act of the ninth year of the reign of her ^Ann^c^* late majtjly Queen Anne, intituled, An act for laying a duty upon continued till hops, a duty of three pence for every pound weight Averdupoiz is > Aug. 1715. laid upon all bops, which at any time or times within or during the Made perpetual term of four years, to be reckoned from the first day of June one hj Geo. i. thousand seven hundred and eleven, /ball be imported or brought into jest. I'. C % IX* the kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other customs, fub~ fidits, and duties imposed upon or payable for the fame) and for and upon all hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which at any time or times within or faring the said term of four year/ball be

cured

joL

Fines, &c. how to be levied.

17x4*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. a. c. 4 141

cured mi made fit for uft, the sum of one penny for every pound weight Averdupoiz, and after that rate for a greater or lejfer tity, which aCl is thought convenient to be further continued: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act, and every Clause, article, matter, and thing therein contained, dull continue and be of force from the thirty-first day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, until the first day of August in the year of our Lord one thiju-sand seven hundred and fifteen, as fully and effectually, to all ' intents and purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly and at large repeated and re-enacted.

CAP. III.

An act for the better regulating the force* to be con tinned in his Ma-icfty'c service, and for the payment of the said force*, and of their quarter*. EXP.

CAP. IV.

Ah alt to explain the aS made in the twelfth year of the » & xj W. 3. reign af King William the Third, , An act for c* * the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject.

I. 'IXT'HEREAS by an act of parliament made in the twelfth VV year of the reign of our .late sovereign lord King William the Tbirdy intituledy An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject, it is amongst other things enabled. That from and after the time that the further limitation of the crown by that act take

no perfonborn out of the kingdoms of England, Scotland, or Ire-

land, or the dominions thereunto belongingy although he be naturalized or made a denizen, except futb as are born of English parents, should be. capable to be of the privy council, or a member of either house of parliament,or to enjoy any office or place of , either civil or mi-titary, or to have airy grant of lends, tenementor hereditaments from the crown, to himself or to any others in trust for him: and whereas fame doubts have arisen concerning the conflrudtion of the said law.', be it declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri- No person na-tuai and temporal and commons, in parliament assembled, and f i1^' by the authority of the same, That it was not the intent and jefh-,accef-"

. meaning of the said act, that the Aid clause or any thing therein fion to the * contained* should extend, nor shall the said clause be construed, crown incapa- adjudged, or taken to extend to disable or incapacitate any per- cit.ated to bea /■Ion, who at or before his Majesty Yaccession to the crown was }ylo?°ora' naturalized, to be of the privy , council, or a member of either member of house of parliament, or to take or enjoy any office or place of parliament, or trust, either civil or military, or to take or have any grant of ^bave lands, tenements, or hereditaments from the crown, to himself, of1™** or any other in trust for him. land*, tic,

II. And for the better preserving the said recited claufa in the said n0 person -t&of tht twelfth year of the late King William the entire shall hereafter

be Datura-

;i42 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.5. [1714.

jized, unless and inviolable; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall hereafter be naturalized, unless in the bill difablin/UCh * exhibited for that purpose there be a clause or particular words dause inserted, inserted to declare, that such person shall not thereby be enabled to be of the privy council, or a member of either house of parli-. ament, or to take any office or place of trust, either civil or mi-Nor shall any litary, or to have any grant of lands, tenements, or heredita-bill be received njents from the crown, to himself, or any other person in trust of parltament5 > and ^at no bill of naturalization shall hereafter be re-

without such ceived in either house of parliament, unless such clause or words clause. be first inserted or contained therein.

13 H. 4. c. 7. a H. 5. c. 8. flat. 2.C.- 9. 8H. 6. c. 14. 9 H- 7-c*. 13.

CAP. V.

An act for preventing tumults and riotous affentblies, atid for the more speedy and effectual punishing the rioters.

I. XT WHEREAS of late many rebellious riots and tumults have VV been in divers parts of this kingdom, to the disturbance of the publick 'peace, and the endangering of his Majesfs person and go-y «. 7. u. * 3. vemment, and the fame are yet continued and fomented by persons dif-1 Hale'sHift.PL affected to his Majesty, presuming so to do, for that the puni/hments Cr. 292. 494-s provided by the laws now in being are not adequate to such hei'ous of-PlHCr *Hlft fences* by such rioters his Majesty and his adminijlration have 'l97' been most maliciously and faljly traduced, with an intent to raise divs-forts) and to alienate the affections of tloe people from his Majesty : therefore for the preventing and Juppreffvig of such riots and tumults, mpnd for the mere speedy and effectual punching the offenders therein; Twelve per- -'fie it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with un"awfu??0ra*f ^lc ac*vice anc* consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and of fabled after the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the the last of authority of the fame. That if any persons to the number of

July 1715. and twelve or more, being unlawfully, riotoully, and tumultuously

assembled together, to the disturbance of the publick peace, at

manded^y any t*me a^tcr the I aft day of July in the year of our Lord one

one justice, thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and being required or cornice, by procla- manded by any one or more justice or justices of the peace, or mation, by the sheriff of the county, or his under-ftieriff, or by the mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other head-officer, or justice of the peace of any city or town corporate, where lu^h assembly shall be, by proclamation to be made in the King's name, in the form herein after directed, to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful business, shall, to the number of twelve or more (notwithstanding such proclamation made) unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously 'udllid ft remain or continue together by the space of one hour after fuen without Chene- command or request made by proclamation, that then such con-fit of clergy, tinuing together to the number of twelve or more, after such command or request made by proclamation, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders* therein shall he adjudged felons,, and shall, suffer death as in case of felony without benefit of clergy.

II, And

4

1714*3 Anno primo GeoRGii I. Stat. 2. c.5.' 143

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How the pro-That the order and form of the proclamation that shall be made clamationfliall by the authority of this act, shall be as hereafter followeth (that bc madc# is to say) the justice of the peace, or other person authorized by this act to make the said proclamation shall, among the said rioters, or as near to them as he can safely come, with a loud voice command, or cause to be commanded silence to be, while proclamation is making, and after that, shall openly and with loud voice make or cause to be made proclamation in these words, or like in effect:

OU R sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth all per- The proela-fons, being assembled, immediately to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawjul bufinefsy upon the pains contained in the act made in the first year of King George, for preventing tumults and riotous assemblies.

God save the King.

And every such justice and justices of the peace, sheriff, under-justices, &c, sheriff, mayor, bailiff, and other head-officer afoi efaid, within to resort to the limits of their respective jurisdicttions, are hereby authorized, P,ace* impowered and required, on notice or knowledge of any such unlawful, riotous and tumultuous assembly, to resort to the place where such unlawful, riotous, and tumultuous assemblies shall be, of persons to the number of twelve or more, and there to make or cause to be made proclamation in manner aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if such persons so unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled, or twelve or more of them, after proclamation made n^difoerSn® in manner aforesaid, shall continue together and not disperse within an S themselves within one hour. That then it shall and may be law- hour, to be ful to and for every justice of the peace, sheriff, or under-sheriff folded, of the county where such assembly shall be, and also to and for every high or petty constable, and other peace-officer within such county, and also to and for every mayor, justice of the peace, sheriff, bailiff, and other head-officer, high or petty constable, and other peace-officer of any city or town corporate where such assembly shall be, and to and for such other person and persons as shall be commanded to be assisting unto any such justice of the peace, sheriff or under-(heriff, mayor, bailiff, or other head officer aforesaid (who are hereby authorized and impowered to command all his Majesty's subjects of age and ability to be assisting to them therein) to seize and apprehend, and they are hereby required to seize and apprehend such persons so unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously continuing together after proclamation made, as aforesaid, and forthwith to carry the persons so apprehended before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county or place where such persons shall be so apprehended, in order to their being proceeded against for such their offences according to law; and that if the

persons

144

Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. a. c- 5: [1714.

persons so unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously assembled, or And if they any of them, shall happen to be killed, maimed or hurt, in the make refill- difpcrfing, seizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, *ncc> P«r- seize of apprehend them, by reason of their refitting the persons them &c^ta difpcrfing, seizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to dit beindemni- Perfc> feifce or apprehend them, that then every such justice of fied. the peace, (heritt, under-sheriff, mayor, bailiff, head-officer,

high or petty constable, or other peace-officer, and all and Angular persons, being aiding and assisting to them, or any of them, shall be free, discharged and indemnified, as well against the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors, as against all and every other person and persons, of, for, or concerning the killing, maiming, or hurting of any such person or persons so unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously assembled, that shall happen to be so killed, maimed or hurt, as aforesaid.

Pulling down, And lt farther enacted by the authority aforesaid. See. any * That if any persons unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously af-church, &c. sembled together, to the disturbance of the publick peace, shall of unlawfully, and with force demolifti or pull down, or begin to dttgv!1*61 demolifti or pull down any church or chapel, or any building for religious worship certified and registred according to the statute made in the first year of the reign of the late King fViUiam 1W. & M. and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for exempting their Majesifs fess.i. c.iS. protefant subjects dissenting from the church 0/England from the penalties of certain laws, or any dwelling-house, bam, (table, or other outhouse, that then every such demolishing, or pulling down, or beginning to demolish, or pull down, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in case of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Opposing, Sec. V. Provided always, ana be it further enacted by the authority the making aforesaid. That if any person or persons do, or shall, with force such proda- and arms> wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in any njndthout °~ manner wilfully and knowingly lett, hinder, or hurt any person benefit of or persons that shall begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim ac-

clergy. cording to the proclamation hereby directed to be made, where-

by such proclamation shall not be made, that then every such opposing, obstructing, letting, hindering or hurting such person or persons, so beginning or going to make such proclamation, as aforesaid, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in case of felony, without benefit of deny; and that also every such person or persons so being unlawfully, ri-And persons otoufly and tumultuously assembled, to the number of twelve, as so assembled, aforesaid, or more, to whom proclamation should or ought to mation be have *5Ccn ma^c ^ the feme had not been hindred, as aforesaid, . kindred, shall shall likewise, in case they or any of them, to the number of nevertheless twelve or more, shall continue together, and not disperse them-juffer as fc- fdves within one hour after such lett or hindrance so made, hav-k>D>* ing knowledge of such lett or hindrance so made, shall be ad-

judged

I,.] Anno primo GeoUgii I. Star. 2. 0.5. X££

4 felons, and shall suffer death as in case of felony, with-enefit of clergy.

. And be it further enacted by the authority sfforeiaid, That sr the said last day of July out thousand (even hundred and 1, any such church or chapel, or any such building for re-is worship, or any such dwelling-house, bam, liable* or out-house, shall be demolished or pulled down wholly, or it, by any persons So unlawfully, riotously and tumultu-assembled, that then, in case such church, chapel, build- How the da->r religious worship, dwelling-house, bam, liable or out- n>age« thall fct , shall be out of any city or town, that is either a county “

df, or is not within any hundred, that then the inhabitants &cy \>t demo* i hundred in which such damage shall be done, shall be li- lifted, &c. o yield damages to the person or persons injured and dam-by such demolishing or pulling down wholly or in parj$ uch damages shall and may be recovered by action to be ;ht in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminst$rt rein no elloin, protection or wager of law, or any impar-(hall be allowed) by the person or persons damnified there-gainst any two or more of the inhabitants of such hundred, idtion for damages to any church or chapel to be brought* r name of the redfcor, vicar or curate of such church or cha-at shall be so damnified, in trull for applying the damage* recovered in rebuilding or repairing such chmch or chapel i hat judgment being given for the plaintiff or plaintiffs ii* idtion, the damages (0 to be recovered shall, at the request :h plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their executors or admini-rs, be raised and levied on the inhabitants of such hundred, aid to such plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such manner and form,

>y such ways and means, as are provided by the statute in the seven and twentieth year of the reign of Queen £//- *7 Elis. c. tp b9 for reimbursing the person or persons on whom any mo-ecovered against any hundred by any party robbed, shall be I: and in case any such church, chapel, building for reli-. worship, dwelling-house, barn, (lable or out-house (b ified, shall be in any city or town that is either a county df, or is not within any hundred, that then such damage* and may be recovered by action to be brought in manner aid (wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, or any rlance shall be allowed) against two or more inhabitants of city or town; and judgment being given for the plaintiff lintiffs in such action, the damages (0 to be recovered shall, j request of such plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their executors ministrators, made to the justices of the peace of such city tin at any quarter- sessions to be holden for the said city or , be raised and levied on the inhabitants of such city or , and paid to such plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such manner orm, and by such ways and means, as are provided by the tatute made in the seven and twentieth year of the reign of n Elizabeth, for reimbursing the person or persons on whom >L. XIII. L any

Anno prime Georgii I. Stat.2. c.5.' [1714.

any money recovered against any hundred by any party robbed, shall be levied.

This act to be VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, q^rter-ftf- That this act shall be openly read at every quarter-session, and fion*, See. ~ a* eveiy Icet or law-day.

Prosecution VIII. Provided always, That no person or persons (Rail be within twelve prosecuted by virtue of tnis act, for any offence or offences commontbs. tnitted contrary to the fame, unless such prosecution be com- menced within twelve months after the offence committed.

Sheriffs,Sec. in IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, have*lie fame That the sheriffs and their deputies, (rewards and their deputies, power as ju- bailies of regalities and their deputies, magistrates of royal bo-

itices, Sec, have in England.

roughs, and all other inferior judges and magistrates, and also all high and petty constables, or other peace-officers of any county, stewartry, city or town, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (half have the fame powers and authority for putting this present act in execution within Scotland, as the justices of the peace and other magistrates aforesaid, respectively have by virtue of this act, within and for the other Pnniflunent of parts of this kingaom; and that all and every person and per-persons of- fens who shall at any time be convicted of any the offences a-' “J forementioned, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

shall for every such offence incur and suffer the pain of death, and confiscation of moveables: and also that all prosecutions for repairing the damages of any church or chapel, or any building for religious worftnp, or any dwelling-house, bam, (table or

tending in Scotland.

Dam;

any

whom.

lages of

church, r, „.MJ ........&_____^ ______^

?own°&c^ in out>house, which shall be demolished or pulled down in whole Scotland, how or m part, within Scotland, by any persons unlawfully, riotously to be recover- or tumultuously assembled, (nail and may be recovered by sum«* ed, and of mar action, at the instance of the party aggrieved, his or her heirs or executors, against the county, stewartry, city or borough refpddtively, where such disorders shall happen, the magistrates being summoned in the ordinary form, and the several counties and stewartries called by edidtal citation at the market-erofs of the head borough of such county or stewartry respectively, and that in general without mentioning their names and aefignations.

A. Provided, and it is hereby declared, That this act shall placesTn Scot- extend to all places for religious worship, in that part of Great land this act Britain called Scotland, which are tolerated by law, and where Aiall extend. j*}s majesty King George, the prince and princess of fValii % and their issue, are prayed for in express words.

To what

*47

714*1 Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c.6.

CAP. VI.

in act for making perpetual an act of the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled\ An act that the lolemn affirmation and declaration of the people called Shakers, shall be ac-cepted'instead of an oath in the usual form; and forex-plaining and enforcing the said aS in relation to the payment of tithes and church rates; and for appointing the form of an affirmation to be taken by the said people called Quakers, instead of the oath of abjuration. fTT HERE AS an act made in the seventh and eighth years cf„ & « w «

V V his late Majesty*s reign, intituled, An act that the solemn c. 34*

ffirmation and declaration of the people called Quakers, shall be

ccepted instead of an oath in the usual form, was made to continue.

or seven years, and from thence to the end of the next fession of par-

5ament, which act would have expired at the end of toe next fession

f parliament after the two and twentieth day ^November in the

tar of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two; which fession

egan the ninth day ^November in the year of our Lord one thou-

ad seven hundred and three, and ended she third day of April in the

tar of our Lord one thousand seven hundred andfour j but by another.

ft of parliament made in the thirteenth year of his said late Majesty's

sign, intituled, An act for continuing an act, intituled, An act X) Sci+'W.fr

hat the solemn affirmation and declaration of the people called c. 4.

takers, shall be accepted instead of an oath in the usual form, vas continued for the term of eleven years after the determination of he said act, and from thence to the end of the next fession of parlia-lent : and whereas the said several acts will expire at the end of the ext session of parliament after the third day of April one thousand fern hundred and fifteen: now for the further avoiding of the inconve-iencies in the said first receited act mentioned, to the people called The ad 7 & t Quakers, and their families, be it enacted by the King's most ex-ellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords PcrPctTUL piritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament fiembled, and by authority of the fame. That the said first re- 8 Geo. x. c. 6 ited ad, and all the daufes and powers therein contained, shall ontinue and be in force for ever, as to all oaths by law requir-d, ot hereafter to be required, other than and except as in the aid first recited act is excepted.

U. And whereas by the said act made in the seventh year of CfeuTe for the eign of King William the Third, a remedy is provided for the reco- recovery of tery of tithes and church-rates, where any Quaker should refuse to pay he fame: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such emedy shall be and is hereby extended, and the like remedy c. 34. hall and may be had and used against any quaker or quakers for he recovering of any tithes or rates, or any customary or other ights, dues or payments belonging to any church or chapel, which of right by law and custom ought to be paid for the stipend K maintenance of any minister or curate officiating in any church La or

14& Anno primo Georgii L Scat. i. c. 6. . f 1714,

or chapel; and any two or more justices of the peace of the fame county or place, other than such justice of the peace as is patron * of any such church or chapel, or any ways interested in the said tithes, upon complaint of any parson,. vicar, curate, farmer or proprietor of such tithes, or any church-warden or chapel-warden, or other person who ought to have, receive or collect any such tithes, rates, dues or payments, as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required to (uimnon in writing, under their ; bands and seals, by reasonable warning, such quaker or quakers, < against whom such complaint shall be made, and after his or their appearance, or upon default of appearance, the said warning or summons being proved before them upon oath, to proceed to hear and determine the said complaint, and to make such order therein, as in the said act is limited or directed ; and a)(o to order such costs and charges, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding ten shillings, as upon the merits of the cause shall appear just; which order shall and may be so executed, and on such appeal may be reversed or affirmed by the general quarter-fcffions of the county or place, with such costs and remedy for the fame, and shall not be removed into any other court, unless the titles of such tithes, dues or payments, shall be in question, in like manner as in and by the lame ad is limited and provided.

Concerning III. And whereas several disputes have arifea concerning the effi8 fr^adohtobe of t*>t akiuraiion to be taken by the people called Quakers, upon their taken by qua .fib*** affirmation, as directed by an act of parliament made in the kers instead offixth year of her late Majesifs reign: now for preventing the like in-the abjuration conveniences for the future, be it enacted by the authority afore* 4Ann i *®id, That in all cases where-ever the cffed of the said abjura* n*, c.13. ^on oatk may bc legally tendred, or required of the said people called Quakers, or any of them, he or they shall take the effect thereof in the following words (that is to (ay,)

The affirma- T A. B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify and dt~* tion. A clargy in the presence of Almighty God, the witnefstf the truth of

what I fay, That King George is lawful and rightful King of tha realm, and of all other his dominions ana countries thereunto belonging. And I do Jolemnly and sincerely declare, That I do believe theperfim pretended to be the prince of Wales, during the life of the late King James, and since his deceaje, pretending to be, and taking upon him* self the fiile and title of the King of England, by the name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the name of Tames the Eighth, or the Jlile and title of King of Great Britain, hath not any right or tith whatsoever to the crown of this realm, nor any other the dominions thereunto belonging; ana I do renounce and refkfe any allegiance or obedience to him. And I do solemnly promise, That I will be true and faithful, and bear true alJegianee to King George, and to him wilt he faithful against all traitorous confpirades and attempts Whatfrtver, woicbjball be made against his perton, crown or dignity. And I will do m heft endeavour to.dsfclofe ana make known to King George, hisJmeffon9all trtafm andtraiterous cost/pirydes wbub Ijbaubscm

to

1714.1 Anno prlmo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 7,^. ' 14$

ft be made agoinfthim, or any of them. And I be true andfaith-

fid to the succession of the crown against him the JaidJames, and all other terfons whatfocvery as the fame is and Jlands settled by an off, mtittued, An act declaring the rights and liberties of the subject, i W. & M. and settling the succession of the crown, to the late $>ueen Anne, fess* * c* * and the heirs of her body, being proteJlants\ and as thejamey by one other act, intituled, An act for the further limitation of the crown, i* & s 3 W. j. and better securing the rights and liberties of the (ubjed, is and c. 1.

/lands settled and intailed, after the decease of the fend late $ueeny and default of issue of the said late $hieen> to the late princess Sophia, eleftorefs and dutchess dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being profeflants. And all these things / do plainly and finurely acknowledge, promise and declare, according to these expre/s words by one spoken, and according to the plain and common sense and under-/landing of the fame words, without any equivocation, mental evasion or secret reservation whatsoever. And I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, renunciation and promise heartily, willingly and truly.

IV. Provided always, That so much of this act as relates to This act, as to the affirmations to be made by the people called Quakers, shall be extended to that part of Great Britain called Scotland for ever, tt^Scot-and to the plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain land for ever, for five years, and to the end of the next session of parliament and to the after the said five years, and no longer. plantations for

CAP. VII. thHfthethe

Anal! for continuing the imprisonment Robert Blackburn session of and others, for the horrid conspiracy to assassinate the per* parliament. son of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third.

rHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the first year of the iAnn*,stat.ju reign of her late Majesty Spueen Anne, intituled, An act for c. 19. the continuing the imprisonment of Counter, and others, for

die horrid conspiracy to afiaifinate the person of his late sacred majesty King William the Third, the persons hereafter named (that is to say) Robert Blackburn, John Bernardi, Robert Cafiels,

Robert Meldrum and James Chambers, then prisoners in Newgatefor a doteftable traitorous conspiracy to assassinate the royal person If his fend late Majesty, were to be detained ana kept in custody, without bail or mainprise, during her said late Majesfs pleafurey and will mow be Jet at large, unlefsfome further prmjion be made for the con-tinuana of their imprisonment for tire said offence: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- Robert Blackmons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of thej^j"'to. fame. That the said Robert Blackburn, John Bomardiy Robert Caff els, son duringPhis Robert Meldrum and James Chambersy shall be detained and kept Majesty's6 in custody, without bail or mainprize, during his Majesty's pfeafune. pleafiire.

cap. vm.

An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such per font at his Majesty shall futped are conlpiring against his person ana government.

W'

«3CP.

Is

150 , Anno primo Georcii I. Stat. 2. c. 9» io. [1714.

CAP. IX.

An act for the better preventing mutiny and desertion, by enforcing and making more effectual an act of this present parliament, intituled* m uS fir the better regulating the forces to be continued in his Majtly's fervid, sad fir the payment of the fend forces and their quarters.

I Geo.i. fiats. Every person in his Majesty's service in the army, who, after August x, c. 3. 1715, and before March *5, 1716, (hallmutiny or desert, shall suffer death}

or such punifoment as a com t martial shall inflict. The King may grant commissions to assemble courts martial. Such courts to confilt of 13 commission officers. The president to be a field officer, Field-officers not to be tried by any under captains. Such court may administer oaths. Officers or soldiers not exempted front} process of law. Not to extend to the militia. Every officer present in a court martial, where any offence may be puniffied with death, shall be sworn. Nine officers to concur in every sentence of death. Proceedings between eight in the morning and one in the afternoon. Acquittal or conviftjpn shall be a bar to an indictment. Persons prosecuted, &c. may plead the general issue, &c. The King may make articles for the better government of his forces. No soldier to be jGeo.i.stat.i. discharged by virtue of i Geo. i. 'c. 3. without giving three months no-f- 3* tice to his colonel. The King may quarter his forces in such places sub-

jest to the quartering of soldiers, as he shall think fit, during the continu-x ance of this act. EXP.

CAP. X.

4n all for making more cffeltual her late Majesty's gracious intentions for augmenting the maintenance of the poor clergy.

WHEREAS it is necessary for the governors of the bounty of Sheen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of tqe poor clergy, in order to the more regular mating proper augmentations, to be informed\ as exalily as may be, of the clear improved yearly value of the maintenance of all such parsons, vicars y curates and minijjers, officiating in any church or chapel within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon T weed, where the liturgy and rites of the church 0/Engl and, as new by law establijhedi are or shall be ujed and observed, whole mainten-The bishops ance *s intended to be augmented: be it enacted by the King's most shall inform excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the themselves of lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present par-lue ofeve V*" ^ament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the benefic^&c. re*Pe<^ve biftiops of every diocese, and the guardians of the fpi-9 * ritualities fede vacante, shall be and are hereby impowered and

required, from time to time, as they shall fee pccafion, and as may best serve the purposes of the said bounty to the poor clergy, as well by the oath of two or more credible witnesses (which they, or others commissioned by them under their hands and seals, are hereby impowered to administer) as by all other lawful ways and means, to inform themselves of the clear improved yearly value of every benefice with cure of fouls, living and curacy, and of the trjue and clear improved yearly value of the maintenance of every parson, vicar, curate and minister, qH|-ciating in any such churches or chapels, as aforesaid, within fheirfeveral dioceses, or within any peculiars or pjaof epgjnpt

1714.] Anno primo GeoUgii I. Stat.2. c.io. 151

jtiritdiftion within the bounds and limits of their respective dio-cefes, or adjoining and contiguous thereunto, although the fe me be exempt from the jurisdiction of any hilhop in other cases,

2nd how such yearly values arise, with the other circumstancey thereof, and the fame, or such of them whereof they shall have folly informed themfelvds, from time to time, with all convenient speed, to certify under their respective hands and seals, or andeertifythe foils of their respective offices, to the said governors of theboun^ TOrernon.

Sof Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of ^ e poor clergy, for their better information in the premisses.

II. Provide always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Certificates re-find. That where by certificates duly returned into her Majesty's Jhe^^Suer court of Exchequer at Westminster, pursuant to an act made in by virtue of the parliament held in the fifth year of the reign of her said late 5 Anne, c.14. Majesty, intituled, An act for discharging /mail livings from their and * Annas, ftrf-fruits and tenths, and all arrears thereof and one other act ce^ntheva-inade in the sixth year of the reign of her said late Majesty, in- iue of livings" tituled. An act to enlarge the time for returning the certificates of all not exceeding uulejiastical livings, not exceeding the yearly value of fifty pounds: as 5°1- per edfo for di/charging all livings of that value from the payment offirft-fruits; and for allowing time to archbijbops and bishops, and other dignitaries for payment of their first-fnuts, or either of them, or made good by this act, the yearly value of any livings, not exceeding the clear yearly value of fifty pounds, are particularly and duly expreflea and specified, such certificates shall ascertain the yearly values of such livings, in order to their being augmented by the said governors, and no new or different valuation thereof Hull be returned to the said governors by virtue -of this present act.

DI. And whereas by her late Majestfs letters patent under her AH rules, rae-great seal, hearing date the third day <?/November in the third year onbv" of her reign, incorporating the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, she^emws, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, the said and*proposed governor* were authorized to conftder, consult, advise, agree upon, tohisftujesty, draw up, prepare and propose in writing to her said Majesty, her heirs and successors, such proper and necessary rules, methods, directions, manual, fluff orders and confutations, as the said governors, or any seven or more be validl of them, with such quorum as is therein directed) should, in their difaretions judge most convenient to be observed, for and towards the better rule and government of the fend corporation, and the members thereof, and the receiving, accounting for, and managing all and eve-ry the revenues thereby granted or mentioned to be granted, and all arrears thereof, and also for and concerning the distributing, paying and dijpojtng of the fame, and all other gifts and benevolences that* should or might be given or bequeathed to the said corporation for the charitable ends in the said litters patent mentioned, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy aforesaid \ and such rules, methods, orders, directions and constitutions, as should be so proposed, and should he approved, altered or amended by her said late Majesty, her heirs or juecessors, and such as should be made by her said Majesty, her heirs and successors, and so ftgnified and declared by her, her heirs or Jut-1 * L 4 cessorst

15*

Anno primo Georgii I. Star. s. c to [1714.

tffirs, under her or tbiir great fed, "her said late Majesty thereby wiled should be the rules, methods, directions, orders and conjlitutions, by which the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy and their successors, should receive, manage, govern, apply and dj/pofe her said late Majestfs royal bounty, and other gifts and benevolences which should or might of Ur that time be given or bequeathed to the said corporation (where the donors thereof should not particularly direct the application thereof) to and for the increase of the maintenance of such parsons, vicars, curates and ministers officiating in any church or chapel within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales or town of Berwick upon Tweed, where the liturgy and rites of the church of England, as then by law established were and should be used and objerved, for whom a maintenance was not then sufficiently provided: and whereas purjh-ant to the said letters patent of incorporation, the said governors did agree upon, prepare, and propose to her said late Majesty, certain rules and constitutions for the better rule and government of the fend corporation, and her said late Majesty, by Utters patent under her

£eat seal, bearing date the fifth day ^ March in the twelfth year of r reign, did tftabtish the said rules and constitutions, referring to herself, her heirs and Jucteffors, power, from time to time, wider her or their great seal, to alter the fane, and to give and make in like manner such other rules and constitutions, according to the true intention of the said Utters patent of incorporation, as to her said Majesty, her heirs or JvccejTon should fern meet: and whereas a more expeditious and cajy method of making and altering the rides and constitutions, for the better rule anagovernment of the said corporation, may tend to the advancement of the said charity; be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all such rules, methods, orders, di-. regions ana constitutions, as shall, from time to time, be by the said governors agreed upon, prepared and proposed to his Majesty, his heir6 and successors, according to the true intention of the said letters patent of incorporation, and by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, approved under his or their sign manual, shall be as good, valid and effectual rules, methods, directions, orders and constitutions, for the purposes aforesaid, as if the time were made or established under the great seal of his Maje-his heirs or successors.

IV. And whereas her said late Majesty's royal bounty to the poor tltrgy was intended to extend, not only to parsons and vicars who come in by prfentation, or collation, in/litution, and induction, but like-wife to J'uch ministers who come in by donation, or are only Jftipendiary preachers or curates, officiating in any church or chapel where the $-turgy and rites of the church of England, is new by law established, are and shall be used and observed, most of which arc not corporations, nor have a kgal juccession, and therefore Ore incapable of taking a grant or conveyance of such perpetual augmentation as is agreeable to her said late Majesty's gracious intentions, and in many places it would he in the power of the impropriator, donor, parson, or vicar, to withdraw the allowance now or heretofore paid to the curate or minister serving the cure, or he case of a chapelry) thy incumbent of the mother-

church

t5J

1714.] Anno prime Georgii I. Stat. 2. C. io>

ehurch might refuse 10 employ a curate^ or permit a mmt/ler duly nominated or licensed to officiate in such augmented chapel, and might officiate there bimfelfi and take the benefit of the augmentation, though his living be above the value of those which are intended to be first augmented ; and the maintenance of the curate or minifier would thus be funk inficadef being augmented: be it therefore enacted by the au- All augment* thority aforesaid, That all such churches, curacies, or chapels, *d churches,* which shall at any time hereafter be augmented by the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the main-tenance of the poor clergy, shall be, and are hereby declared 9 and established to be, from the time of such augmentations, perpetual cures and benefices, and the ministers duly nominated and the mini-and licensed thereunto, and their successors respectively, shall ^J*

be, and be esteemed in law, bodies politick and corporate, and poU-shall have perpetual fuccefiion by such name' and names as in the 9

grant of such augmentation shall be mentioned, and shall have a legal capacity, and are hereby enabled to take, in perpetuity, and shall be to thegi and their fucceilors, all such lands, tenements, tithes,.enabled to and hereditaments, as shall be granted unto or purchased, for taKc “M*rPe* them respectively by the said governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor cler- 9 gy, or other persons contributing with the said governors as be- impropria-nefadtors; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding: tors, fee. of and that the impropriators or patrons of any augmented churches or donatives, for the time being, and their heirs, and the redtors and vicars of the mother-churches whereto any such augmented ortf tec. ofxbu Curacy or chapel doth appertain, and their successors, shall be mother-and are hereby utterly excluded from having or receiving, di- churches, are rcdUy or indirectly, any profit or benefit by such augmentation, theten^to? and shall from time to time, and at all times, from and after $^ aUgraen-such augmentation, pay and allow to the ministers officiating in tion, and shall any such augmented church and chapel respectively, such annual allow the usual and other pensions, salaries, and allowances, which by antient ?clJu0n#i^c* custom, or otherwise, of right, and not of bounty, ought to be offiriat-fay them respectively paid and allowed, and which they might, ing. by due course of law, before the making of this a A, have been compelled to pay or allow to the respective ministers officiating there, and such other yearly sum or allowance as shall be agreea upon (if any shall be] between the said governors and such patron or impropriator, upon making the augmentation, and the fame are and shall be hereby perfectly vetted in the ministers officiating in such augmented church or chapel respectively, and their respective successors.

V. Provided always, That no such rector or vicar of such Nore&oct,6e* mother-church, or any other ecclesiastical person or persons, mother-having cure of fouls, within the parish or place where such aug-mented church or chapel shall be situate, or his or their fuccef- of

fors, shall hereby be divested or discharged from the same ; but foals, the cure of fouls, with all other parochial rights and duties,

{fuch augmentation and allowances to the augmented church or uhapd, as aforesaid, only excepted) shall hereafter be and re-

6 main

>54

Anno primo Georgii T. Star. 2. c. 10. (1714.

main in the fame (late, plight and manner as before the making of this 'ad, and as if this act had not been made. Augmented VI. And for continuing the succession in such augmented cures, here-

cure* remain- by made perpetual cures and benefices, and'that the fame may be duty ing void fix mg COnfiantly served: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, lapfeto'the That in case such augmented cures be suffered to remain void

&c by the space of (ix months, without any nomination within that time of a fit person to serve the fame (by the person or perfom having the right of nomination thereunto) to the bishop or other ordinary, within that time, to be licensed for that purpose, the fame shall lapse to the hishop, or other ordinary, and from him to the metropolitan, and from the metropolitan to the crown, according to the course of law used in cases of presentative livings and benefices, and the right of nomination to such augmented cure may be granted or recovered and the incumbency thereof may and shall cease, and be determined, in like manner, and by the like methods, as the presentation to, or incumbency in any vicarage presentative may be now respectively granted, recovered, or determined.

If person* inti- VII. Provided always, That in case the person or persons en-tled to oomi- titled to nominate in such augmented cure shall suffer lapse to a incur, but shall nominate before any advantage taken thereof by in^at^before or<hnary, metropolitan, or crown, respectively, that such advantage nomination lliall be as effectual as if made within six months,

taken, loch although so much time be before elapsed, as that the title of

nomination lapse be vested in the crown.

Ciall be good. VIII. And in as much as by the find rules establijbed by her fiaid late Majesty, under her great seal, for the management of the aforesaid royal bounty, hfr said late Majesty was pleased to manifejl her gracious intentions to invite private contributions towards augmenting the maintenance of the poor clergy, by ordering, amongst other things, . That to encourage benefactors from others, and thereby the fiooner

to complete the good that was intended by her said late Majesifs bounty, the said governors may give the sum of two hundred pounds (which is the stated sum allowed to each cure which shall he augmented) to cures not exceeding thirty-five pounds per annum, where any per-fen or persons will give the fame or greater sum or value in lands or tithes: and in as much as the right of presentation, or nomination to small livings, is of tnconsiderable value, and yet it may be a great inducement to such benefactions, if the benefactors may have fine right of presentation or nomination to the cure which bimfilf contributes to augment \ be it therefore further enacted. That all AH agree- agreements with such benefactor and benefadors, with the con-*e1idon»hl)C an<^ approbation, of the said governors, touching the patrontouching the or right of presentation or nomination to any such aug~ f>atronaze of mented cure, made or to be made for the benefit of such bene-^ augmented factor and benefadors, his, her or their heirs or successors, by SS m law King's m°tt excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, un-5 der his and their (ign manual, or by any bodies politick or corporate, or by any person or persons being of the full age of twenty-one years, having an estate of inheritance either in fee-

' firtple.

1714*] Anno primp Geobgji I. Stat.a. c. 10.

Ample, or fee-tail, in their own right, or in the right of their churches, or wives, or jointly with their wives, made before coverture, or after, or having an estate for life, or for years determinable upon his and their own life and lives, with' remainder in fee-simple or fee-tail to any issue of his or their own bodies, in such patronage, or right of presentation, or nomination, in possession, reversion or remainder, shall be respectively good and effectual in the law against his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-. ceflors, or against all and every such bodies politick and corpo-.rate, or against the persons so agreeing, their wives, heirs and successors respectively, and every of them, and against all and every their issue, and .against every other person and persons claiming, in remainder and reversion after such estate-tail, as aforesaid, according to the form of such agreement; and the advowson, patronage, and right of presentation and nomination to such augmented churches and chapels, shall be vested in such benefactors, their heirs and successors, as against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or the said bodies politick and corporate, and their successors, or the said respective persons, as aforesaid, as fully, and in like manner and form, as if the fame had been granted by his said Majesty, his heirs or successors, ^nder his and their great seal, and as if such bodies politick or corporate had been tree from any restraint, and as if such other persons so agreeing had been foie seized in his and their own right of such advowson, patronage, right of presentation and nomination, in fee-simple, and had granted the fame to such benefactors, their heirs and successors respectively, according to such agreements.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the agreements of guardians for and on behalf of infants or ideots under their guardi-anftiip, shall be as good and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the said infants or ideots had been of full age, and of (bund mind, and had themselves entred into such agreements.

X. Provided always, That in case of any such agreement, as aforesaid, by any parson or vicar, the fame shall be with the consent and approbation of his patron and ordinary.

XI- Provided also, That in case of any such agreement, as aforesaid, made by any person seized in right of his wife, the wife shall be a party to the agreement, and shall seal and execute the fame.

XII. And in as much as such benefaflors an to be cenfidered, in feme degree, as founders and patrons of churches ; be it further enacted, That such agreements so made, as aforesaid, shall be as effectual for the supplying cures vacant at the time of such augmentation made or proposed, as for the advowson or nomination to future vacancies.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, with the concurrence of the said governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, and the incumbent, patron, and ordinary of any augmented living or cure, to exchange

*5*

and the advowson, See. shall be vested in such benefactors.

Agreements ofguardians shall bind infants, See.

Agreement by a parson shall be with consent of his patron.

Where the wife shall be a party to the agreement. Such agreements mail be effectual for supplying vacant cures.

The estate fat* tied for augmentation may be exchanged.

*56

Augmented donatives to be vifitcdby the bi&op.

No donative augmented without the patron's content*

The governors mijr a-gree with the patron, &c. of any donative, Sec. for an allowance to the minister of such augmented donative, See.

anddKha-

rreements

ft all be efftc-tuaL

And if such imDropriator (other than the King) will net agree, the governors may refute such augmentation*

Anno primo Georgi! L Stat* 2. C. 10. [*714*

change all, or any part of the estate settled for the augmentation thereof, for any other estate in lands or tithes, of equal or greater value, to be conveyed to the fame uies.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such donatives which are now exempt from all eedefi-astical jurisdiAion, and shall be augmented by virtue of the powers given by this act, shall be fubjcA to the visitation and juris-diAion of the bishop of the diocese wherein such donative is, to all intents and purposes of law whatsoever.

XV. Provided always, That no donative shall be augmented without the consent of the patron or patrons in writing, under his or their hands and seals first had and obtained.

XVI. Provided also, That where it shall fall to the lot of any donative, curacy, or chapelry, to receive an augmentation from the said bounty, according to the rules already established, or hereafter to be establiftied, it shall and may be lawful to and for the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy* and they are hereby impowered, before they make the lame augmentation, to treat and agree with the patron of any donative, impropriator of any reAory impropriated without endowment of any vicarage, or parson or vicar of any mother-church (as the case shall happen to be) for a perpetual yearly, or other payment or allowance to the minister or curate of such augmented donative, curacy, or chapelry, and his successors, to be made in all succeeding times by such patron, impropriator, parson or vicar, and his and their heirs and successors, and for charging and subjecting the impropriate reAory, or the mother-church, or vicarage therewith, and thereunto, in such manner, and with such remedies as they shall be thought fit; and such agreements made with the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, under his or their sign manual, or with any bodies politick or corporate, or any other person or persons naving any estate or interest, in possession, reversion, or remainder, in any such impropriate reAory in his or their own right, or in right of his or their churches or wives, or with the guardian or guardians of any person or persons having such estate or interest, or with any parson or vicar of any mother-church, shall be as effectual to all intent's and purposes with refpcA to such charges, as agreements made with his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or with the same person or persons, bodies politick or corporate respectively, touching the patronage or right of presentation or nomination to the fame cures, touching which such agreements shall be respectively made ; and in case such impropriator, otner than the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and such parson or vicar, will not or shall not make such agreement with the said governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governors to refuse such augmentation, and to apply the money arising from the late Queen's said bounty,

which

*57

1714*] AnnapnmoGEOROii I. Scat. a. c. iot

which ought to have been imployed therein, for augmenting fotne other cure, according to the rules then in force.

XVII. And whtreas the btfore-mentiontd a£is of , of the The certificate

fifthand, sixth years of the reign of her said late majesty, were, for for the diocese the diocese of Chichester, not executed in due time, and in many di- ^^chcfter»

2s not with that exact certainty of the yearly values and dijlindion

udieties in the certificates, as regularly ought to have been ; ^ lining iii;the f fmll prebends in cathedral churches were, by reason of their be- Exchequer, ing dignities, omitted in some certificates, although they have the oure^It* of fouls thereto annexed\ and are therefore livings with cure of fouls b^'bc^re-^ within the words and meaning of the Jiaid alls : for supplying the de- turned in duo fed in the execution of the said former acts of parliament; be it cn- time* acted by the authority aforesaid, That the certificate for the di-occfe of Chichester, dated the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eight, which was received in the court of Exchequer at Westminster, and is now remaining there, shall be as effectual, to ail intents and purposes, as if the fame bad been sealed and returned into the said court of Exchequer, within the times limited by the said respective acts of parliament in that behalf made; and also that all and every the churches, vicarages and livings, in and by the said certificate, or in and by the certificates made and returned in due time, or any of them, certified to be under fifty pounds per annum, and each snediety therein, shall be entitled to, and have the benefit of the said respective discharges by the said several acts of parliament, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the precise yearly value had been expressed, and the medieties distinguiftied in such certificate and certificates: and further, that it shall and may be And the go-lawful to and for the said governors of the bounty of Queen June for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor cler- theExchequer gy, under their common seal, to be affixed at a court of the said the prebends governors, and under the hands of the governors then present, under the to certify into the court of Exchequer the names of such pre-

bends in cathedral churches, under the yearly value of fiftynot'name'cfin pounds, the prebendaries whereof have the immediate cure of any former fouls of the respective parifties whereof such prebends are deno- certificate, minated, although the fame were not named in any former certificate ; and such certificate and certificates of the said gover- ^att»h(Ull" Opts, being returned into the said court of Exchequer, shall be be dfc&uaU as ctfedual to all intents and purposes of the said two before-mentioned acts of parliament, as if the prebends therein named had been duly certified within the times in the said acts limited, and by the persons, and in the, manner therein directed*

X VlII. And whereas notwithstanding the utmofi diligence of the Icings not Vfiseps to inform themselves of, and certify into his Moyefifs court .

Exchequer, all the livings in their respective dioceses under the clear £ * may improved yearly value of fifty pounds, in pursuance of the said acts, certify before the several livings within the respective mcefes hereafter named, March though supposed to be under the value of fifty pounds per annum, have *7x6* either not been certified, or if certified, the certificates of them have tens kftf or .mb duly oared\ or by feme other mifiakes tt has so happened 1

f 5*

and they shall have the benefit of the acts of « An. c.14. and 6 An. c.17.

The governors lmpow-ered toadmi-MiftcroMths*

Artno primo Georgii I. Stat. i. c. Id, [1714*

pined that the said livings have net yet bad the benefit iefignei them by. the said acts j be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidf That it shall and may be lawful for the bishops of the said di-ocefes, at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March one. thousand seven hundred and sixteen, to certify into the court of Exchequer the livings following, or such of them, as shall appear to the respective bishops to be under the value of fifty pounds per annum, (viz.) in the diocese of Yorky the redory cA Saint Michael atudPontem de Ouze in the city of York) the vicarage of Skipwith, the vicarage of Kilham, the vicarage of North-Leverten, the vicarage of Norwell Overhall: in the diocese of Bangor, the vicarage of Lanunda, the vicarage of Llanfair lfgaery, the vicarage of Llanor, the vicarage of Nevin, the vicarage of Abererchy the vicarage of Conway, the vicarage of Dwygyfylehe in the diocese of Carlifie, the redory of Kirkbridey the rectory of Dufton, the vicarage of Edenhall: in the diocese of Chichefiery the Vicarage of Selay the rectory of Beata Maria in Westout Lewesy the redory of Chalton, the redory of Winchelfey, the vicarage of Bernehill: in the diocese of Saint Davids, the vicarage of Merchir alias Mathrey the vicarage of Saint IVinnock alias Saint Twirmells : in the diocese of Litchfield and Coventry, the vicarage of Horting-tony the vicarage of Saint Mary's in Litchfieldy the louth mediety of Darleighy the vicarage of Glojfop : in the diocese of Lincoln, the redory of Bellew alias Hellowy the vicarage of Eljbamy the redory ot Normamby, the redory of Snarfordy the vicarage of Buckinghamy the redory of Okeney, the vicarage of Mentmorey the vicarage of Mijfenden Magnay the vicarage of Swanbum: in the diocese of Norwich, the vicarage of South-1Valfamy the redory of Framlinghamsj the vicarage of Burnham-Overy, the vicarage of Scarningy the vicarage of Neftonsy the vicarage of Melton Par-vay the redory of Repham Medietas & altera Medietas, the vicarage of Tburfiony the vicarage of Colkirkey the redory of Cat* fieldsy the vicarage of Hen\y, the rcdory of Newborny the redo-

?r of Cu\phoy the redoiy of Dunwich Johannisy the redory of dkefieldsy the redory or Melford Longa, the vicarage of Finbo-row Parvay the redory of JVillingham alias Elloughy the redory of Bromefwell in Wilford: in the diocese of Oxfordy the vicarage of Stanton-Harcourt: in the diocese of Peterborough the vicarage , of Cranfiey : in the diocese of JVmchestery the vicarage of SbaL fordy and the vicarage of Ellingham : and the said livings so certified, shall have the benefit of the two fore-mentioned acts of parliament, as effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they had been duly certified within the time limited by the said acts.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidf That the courts and committees of the said governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, shall have power and authority, and are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, to administer an oath to such person and persons as shall at any time give them information, or be examined of or concerning any

matter

m

, * «

1714.] Anno primo GeoAgii 1. Stat. 2. C. 1u

matter or thing relating to the execution of this or the said former aCU of parliament, or any way concerning the trust in them reposed. »

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Augmenta-That all the augmentations, certificates, agreements, and ex-P®"5'. changes hereafter to be made, by virtue of or in pursuance of ^c^ntries to this act, shall be carefully examined and entred in a book to be be taken at provided and kept by the governors for that purpose, the said records) and entries being approved at a court of the said governors, and attested by the governors then present, shall be taken to be as re- be^^d^. cords, and the true copies thereof, or of the said entries, being dcnce in law. proved by one or more credible witnesses, shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be good and sufficient evidence in law, touching the matters contained therein, or relating thereto.

XXL And to the end that churches and chapels may at all times Lands, te. a)* be capable of receiving augmentations for the maintenance of the mini- krtted toanj fters thereof \ be it enaCUd by the authority aforesaid, That if b”decd wader the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augments- djcgovernor'i tion of the maintenance of the poor clergy, shall by any deed tell go or instrument in writing under their commom seal, allot or ap- in fiicccffion, ply to any church or chapel, any lands, tithes, or heredita-merits, arising from the said bounty of her said late Majesty, or from private contribution or benefaction, or from all or any the ways aforesaid, and shall declare. That the fame shall be for ever annexed to such church or chapel, then such lands, tithes, and hereditaments, shall from thenceforth be held and enjoyed, and go in fuccefiion with such church and chapel for ever; and such augmentation so made shall be good and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, whether such church or cha-pel* for which such augmentation is intended, be then hill or 1

Vacant of an incumbent or minister 5 provided such deed or in- such deed be-ftrument be enrolled in the high court of chancery within fix >"g inrolledi* months after the day of the date thereof. fix month*.

Vide3 Geo. 1. cap. 10.

CAP. XI.

An aB to refiretin all waggoners, carriers, and others, for

drawing any carriage with more than Jive horses in length.

WHERE A S in and by me alt of parl made in the sixth 6 Ana. c. t*.

year tfber late Majesty, intituled, An act to repeal a clause in an a# of the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the highways) which enjoins waggoners and others to draw with a pole between the wheel-hones, or with double (hafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix horses, or other beads, except up hills, it is among other things tnafitd, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June one iboufand seven hundred and eight, no travelling waggon, wain, tart or carriage, wherein any burthens, goods or wares should be carried or drawn, other than futh carts and carriages as were or should be im-ployed in or about bnfiemdry or manuring of land, and in carrying^ of

I6q Anno prlmo Geqrgii I. Stat. z. c« h. [1714,

bay,Jlraw, corn, coaly chalky timber for shipping, materials far building, fores of all forts, or such ammunition or artillery as Jbeuli be for the feruice of her Majesty, her heirs or successors, Jbeuli at anj one time travel, be drawn, or go in any common or f ublick highway or road, with above fix horses, oxen, or beafis, upon and under the sains and tenuities, and subje£t to the frovijo therein mentioned: and whereas the exceffvue weights or loads laid upon waggons or other carriages drawn by fix horses, as aforesaid, are founaby experience to be so heavy and burthensome, that the roads are thereby rendred atmost impajjable; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's paoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conient of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefect parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from AfterSept. 30, and after the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven htin-

1715.no was- <jred and fifteen, no travelling waggon, wain, cart or carriage, wherein any burthens, goods anawares shall be carried and aboveftrebor- drawn (other than and except as in the recited act is excepted) fa, in shall at any one time be drawn or go in any common or pub- ie^gA, under lick highway or road with above five horses, oxen, or beafis i in t£t*6b ^8^ upon the like pains, penalties and forfeitures, and fub-6 Ann. c. 29, j®& to the pmvifoes in the said recited act mentioned, or in an and 9 Ann. act made in the ninth year of her said late Majesty's reign, to render more effectual the said recited act of the fixtn year of her said Majesty's reign; the said recited statute, or any clause therein contained, or any other fiatute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Thtexception D. Provided, and it is enacted by the authority aforesaid, in the said acts That the said exception in the said acts, or either or them con-shall not ex- tained, or in any other acts whatsoever, shall not extend or be tendtothrefli- construed to extend to the excepting the carriage of thre(hcd ^^rn or com and coal. Altered and made more effectual by 5 Geo* U c % 12. 16 Geo. 2. c. 29. 18 Geo. 2. c. 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 43,

CAP.

17*4-] Anno primo GfiORCii I. Stat, 2. c. 12. 161

CAP. XII.

An act for enlarging the fund of the governor and company of the bank of England, relating to Exchequer bills * and for settling an additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum upon his Majesty during his life, for the fervict of the civil government-9 and for establifbing a certain fund of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, in order to raise a sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the fer-1 vice of the publtck, by sale of annuities, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament ; and forfatisfying an arreair for work and materials at Blenheim, incurred whilst that building was carried on at the expence of her late majesty Queen Anne, of blessed memory; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XyrOST gracious Sovereign, tVbereas in purfiumce of an act of pat*

1V1 lament made in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty 7 Ann. c. 7. Queqn Anne (of blessed memory) for enlarging the capital stock of the bank of England, several bills, commonly called Exchequer bills, were made forth, amounting in principal money to two millions and five bun* dred thousand pounds, for her Majesty 7supply; and in putfuance of another act made in the said seventh year of her fold late Majesty's reign (amongst 7 Ann* c' ** other d:\ii) for circulating a further sum in Exchequer bills; and of certain cldujes contained in an all of the eighth year of her reign in that 9 Ct behalf, there were issued for her Majesty's supply more such bills, amounting to the further sum of four hundred tbotddnd pounds in principal money; and pursuant to another all made in toe twelfth year of bet nAnn. flat. t« said late Majesty's reign, (amongst other things) for circulating a fur- c. 11. ther sum in Exchequer bills, there were issued for her Majesty's supply more such bills, amounting, in principal money, to twelve hundred thousand pounds; and it Was provided by the said alls rejpe&ively, That all the said bills should bear an interest after the rate of two pence per centum per diem (saving the said interest upon such of the said bills as should at anytime or times be in the Exchequer, or in the bands or powet of any receiver or colleQor of any taxes, aids, or revenues payable to her Majesty, her heirs or successors, during such time and times respeSively as Jtlcb bills should be or remain in the Exchequer, or in such bands or power, as aforesaid) and that the governor and company of the bank of England should have an allowance, after the rate of three pounds per Centum per annum, for circulating all, the said bills in the manner by the said acts respectively prescribed, abating the fame allowance proper tionably as the bills should be cancelled: and whereas by an act made in q Amt. c. 7 the ninth year of her said late Majesty's reign, for better enabling the said governor and company, and their Juccefjors, to exchange for ready money, upon demand, any of the hills made forth upon the said several Alls of the seventh and eighth years of her said late Majesty's reign, it was enaEted, That the full sum of forty five thousand pounds per annum should be paid to and for the use of the said governor and company, and VOL.3BU.--- M their

1

\6z, Aono primo Gborgu I. Scat 2. c. 12.

tbsir successors, by the several ways and means therein specified, far and during such time only as in that act was expressed; and by the Jeid qfk made in the twelfth year <rf her said late Aipjejlys reign, far better enabling the said governor and company, and their successors, la circulate all Exchequer bills made forth and to be made forth on that bad the former aSs, by exchanging the fame, from time to time, far ready money, upon demand, it was enaSed, That the entire yearly sum of eight tpoufand pounds (over and above the said yearly sum of forty-fa* tjyu-sand pounds) should he paid to and for tfa use of the Jadd governor and company, and their successors, by quarterly payments; and that the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, together with the said yearly sum of forty five thousand pounds, should continue and bo paid and payable to the fad governor and company, and their successors, until such time as no more than nineteen hundred thousand pounds of oil the bills issued and to he issued, in pursuance of that and the said former aftr (taken all together) fboidd be fianding out uneanpelled in the whole : and whereas far making good as well the said interest, after the rate of two pence ftqr ceptfim per diem, and the faid1 allowance ester the rata of three pounds, per centum per annum, upon all the bills issued and to be iffaed, as afore fad, as also the said' yearly sum of eight, thousand pounds, unify the subsidies, duties, surplus monies, remains and arrears, compojmg the general fund and security by the said former offs, or fame of intended to be eftMijbed, or fa many of them as should. be fafficient.fm those purpefes, should beat taken effect\ it was by the said several aSts of the ftventb, eighth, and twelfth years of her. fata late Majesty's reign, or fame- of; them, enaQed, that the lord treasurer, or three or mart of the coquntfjfoners (f the treafuty far the time being, should make outi or cause to be made, out other Exchequer bills, for fa much as should be computed to be due at the raspective* quarter days therein mentioned (over and above what should have been applied out of the subsidies, duties and sums of money of orefaid, for the said interest, and far such allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, and for the said yearly sum oft eight thousand pounds respectively) and that such quarterly bills should bear the like interest of two pence per centum per diem,, and the said: governor and company fboidd have the like allowance of three pounds pet 7 Ann. c* 7. centum per annum, for circulating thereof: and whereas in and, by tbq.

said first mentioned act of the seventh year of her said late Majestft reign, certain duties were granted, continued, or made payable to bet Majesty, her heirs and Juccefforc for ever, that is to say, the duties-called the two thirds of a subsidy of tonnage and poundage therein men tioned, which were to take effeS, and did take effetik by that act, front the seventh day of March one thousand /even hundred and eleven, certain duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-paste, tea, nut-megs, ciih -rtamon, cloves, mace, pi&itres, and muffins, and certain increased duties* upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-paste, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures, and certain further rates or duties upon all white callicoes, porcelan, commonly called China ware, and drugs, all* which were to take effect, and did take effedk by the afjk last mentioned, from the twejity third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and four- * teen; and one half of another subsidy of tonnage and poundage therein mentioned, which was to take effoQ, and did take effect by the fame aBk± from and after the last day of July one thousand seven hundred and four-zzAnn.stat.i. teen* and by the said uSk of the twelfth year of her said late Majesty31

rdfa

1714.]' Anno primo Georgii !. Stac.a.C.12.

reign, tU the said duties fit granted, continued, or made payable fcr ever, together ivitb the surplus which should from time to time arise of or from the ether half of the fubfidyof tonnage and poundage last mentioned (over and above eighty thousand pounds per annum, formerly charged thereupon for payment of annuities) and divers arrears and other sums of money or revenues, more largely described in the said first mentioned act 7 Ann, c. 7. of the seventh year of her Majesty's reign, are made a general fund of fecurfty, and appropriated as well for fitisjying and paying, from time to time, all the monies which should be due or payable for interest, after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, and for the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, for all the bills made out, or td he made out, Upon the said act of the twelfth year, or any the former aBi before mentioned, ana all the monies which should grow due upon thd said yearly sums of forty five thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, as also for or towards ralfing such a yearly Jim as is after mentioned, fot paying off and cancelling all the said bills: and by the said aB of the twelfth year of her Majestfs reign, it was enabled, That after pay- nAnn. fUt.i, fag or referuing sufficient to pay, from time to time, so much as should c, u. he grown due, or demanddble for the said interest of twopence per cen-ttftfc per diem, and allowance of three pounds per centum pet'annum, then the monies which should, from time to time, be grown due to tbi said governor and company, and their successors, upon their said other yearly allowances of eight thousand pounds, and forty five thousand pounds from the rejfatlive times therein mentioned, should quarterly be paid ouh of the monies arising by the said duties and revenues; and that after paying or reserving sufficient to pay so much as should, from time to time, he incurred and grown due, for and upon the said interest, after the fata rf two pence per centum per diem, and the said several allowances ifter the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, eight tboitfatii bounds per annum, and forty jive thousand pounds per annum, (which were always to be preferred in point of payment) the full and erititi ieurly JUm of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninetyillnd bounds [even shillings (comprehending therein the yearly sum of tWi hundred thousand pounds mentioned in the said former aBs, or fame df themy or so much of the said yearly sum of two hundred and seventy thou-(ana nine hundred ninety nine pounds feVen shillings, as the remainder of the said fund should from time to time produce for that purpofo, should he, and is thereby appropriated for paying off ail the principal money contahted afid to be contained in all arid every the Exchequer bills, madd> forth, and to be made forth, by or in pursuance of that and the fold former aBs, or any of them, and for cancelling the fame, until all the said bills'

shall be discharged and cancelled; and by the fame aB it was provided end enaBed, That from and after the complete paying off and dijebarging all the principal and interest which should be due on the said Exchequer bills issued and to be issued in pursuance of that and the said other aBsJ and cancelling all the fame bills, and full satisfaction made of all arrearages (if any should be then due) as well of the said allowance after ibe rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as also of the said yearly sums of forty five thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, of either of them, then, and not till then, the several subsidies, duties and revenues, settled or appropriated, as well for payment of the said interest of two pence per centum per diem, and the said allowance after tbi rata of three pounds per. centum per annum, and the said yearly fm*

M x ®/

164

Additional revenue for the civil government.

Anno pritno GeorgIi 1. Stat.2.€.i2. £1714^

of forty five thousand pounds and eight thousand pounds, as dlfofor raif- ' tng the said yearly sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine bun- ' dred ninety nine pounds and seven shillings, and every of them, fbouli be underfood to be redeemed by parliament, and should not be issued, \ paid or applied to any use, intent or purpose whotsoever, without the authority of parliament, as in and by the several acts above recited or mentioned (amongst divers other clauses, matters and things therein con-fained) relation being thereunto reJpeSively bad, may more fully appear: and whereas all the bills which were issued upon the said several aSs (including the quarterly bills before-mentioned) did amount in the whole to four millions six hundred seventy six thousand eight hundred and twelve pounds and ten shillings; and since the said duties or revenues have taken effect, as many of the bills Jo issued, as amounted to one hundred and fifteen thousand Jevon hundred cigbty-seven pounds and ten {billings, have been (pursuant to the said act of the twelfth year of her loti Majesty'r reign) paid off and cancelled, so that the bills made forth upon the said several aSts which are funding out, or do remain uncancelled or undifebarged, upon the eleventh day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, do amount to the sum of four millions five hundred sixty-cm thousand and twenty-five pounds, or thereabouts : and whereas we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fubjcEts, the commons of Great-Britain fn parliament assembled, being jufily sensible of the inefiimable bleffmgs Vohich yoursubjetts do enjoy under your Majesty's auspicious government and the good profpeS of continuing those blessings to your said JubjeSts, and their posterities, wider your Majesty and your royal offsprings are desirous that a Efficient provision may be settled by the most easy and effectual ways and means, for enabling your Majesty to support the dignity of the crown, and to make an honourable provision for your lyyal family, and have therefore resolved, that there be granted to your Majesty, during your life, (which God long preserve) an additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand pourids per annum, which together with the neat produce of the branches settled for the uses of your Majesty's civil government by the late atit of parliament in that behalf, may make up the clpar yearly sum of seven hundred thousand pounds, for the service ef year ' Mojcfiy's boujbold and family, and other your neccessary expenses and ec-cqfions: and your said commons of Great Britain are also desirous, Tbet a fun not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds may be nifei (by the like easy and effectual, ways and means) as part of the nectary supply by them granted for the service of your Majesty's navy and forces, and other your Majesty's pubUck occasions : arid your Majesty's fasd commons finding, that upon enlarging or augmenting the said present fund and security of the said governor and company of the bank of England, by such additional revenues and incomes as are herein after granted, continued and appropriated, and making such enlarged or augmented fluid and security liable, in the first place, to fattsfy all monies which jbafl, from time to time be incurred and grown due, as well for and upon the said interefi of two pence per centum per diem, as the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum,* and in the next place, to fa-tjsfy all monies which {ball from time to time be incurred and grown due for and upon the said other allowances of forty five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum, (the said interefi and several allowances being always to be preferred in payment, as aforesaid, according to the tenor and true meaning of this and the said former aSs) they

tie

4.] Anno primo Georgii I. Star. 2. c. 12. 165

11id governor and company of tbt bank of England, arc willing for modating your Majesty's affairs, that out of the reftdue or remain-Cfuch enlarged or augmented fund, the yearly sum of one hundred no,oool. per wenty thousand pounds, by quarterly payments, shall and may be annum to be and applied for the service of your Majesty's boufbold and family, app««d forth* iber your necessary expences and occasions; and that after paying or ing sufficient to pay such monies as shall, from time to time be in- 9

i and grown due, for br upon the said yearly sum of one hundred wenty thousand pounds, then the further yearly sum of fifty-four tnd six hundred pounds, by like quarterly payments, /ball and te taken and applied out of the said residue or remainder of the said red or augmented fund, in order to raise any sum or sums of money,

Heeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, for such publick fer- 9I0*°0(>1. for as aforesaid ; and that after paying or reserving sufficient to pay Publick fcr-cb as shall, from time to time, be incurred and grown due for or1CC5, the said yearly sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, iftyfour thousand six hundred pounds, and either of them, out of id residue or remainder of such enlarged or augmented fund, then bovefaid yearly sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine ed ninety-nine pounds and seven shillings, or Jo much thereof, as the efidue or remainder of such enlarged or augmented fund shall, from to time, produce for that purpose, shall and may be appropriated for j off all the principal money contained in all and every the said Excbe-fills remaining, and which shall from time to time remain uncan-or undifebarged, and for cancelling the fame, until all the said Vail be cancelled and discharged. Provided always, That in case at Deficiencies, \me or times there shall happen to be any deficiency or deficiencies to to k* good the payments of the original fund of one hundred thousand made S00®-t per annum of the said governor and company, specified in the said Mentioned act of the seventh year of her late Majesty's reign, and of yearly annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one 's thirteen flnjlings and five pence, in the fame oft specified, or either m, then and so often, all and every such deficiency and deficiencies and may, from time to time, be satisfied and made good out of the efidue or remainder of such enlarged or augmented fund, as afore-with preference to any tffues thereafter to be made for cancelling any r said Exchequer-bills: now for the making up, settling and establish-good, sure and complete fund, sufficient to answer all the ends and fes by this act intended, by making all the payments which shall, time to time, be incurred or grown due (in the order and course here-iscribed) as well for and upon the said interest, and several allowan-fore-mentioned, as for and upon the said yearly sums of one hundred See i Geo. i. Wenty thousand pounds, and fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds, fiat. i. c. 19, y making good such deficiencies as shall or may happen, as aforesaid, x* fy producing a yearly sum to be applied quarterly, for or towards the Uing and discharging the said bills; we your Majesty's said dutiful oyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, mhly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted and declared; be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent fty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri-and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament lbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the aforesaid The two called the two thirds of a subsidy of tonnage and pound- thirds subsidy;

l/l 3 x age, th* duties on

166 Anno primo GeoROIXI. Static.i*i [1714.

coffee, &c. and age, and the said duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, fabfT^A^ cocoa-paste, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, pidhires c« 7! (bail and muflins, and the said increased duties upon coffee. Cocoa-part of the nuts, chocolate, cocoa-paste, tea, nutihcgs, cinnamon, cloves, general fund mace, and pictures, and the said further rates or duties upon tr ^ ***** white callicoes, porcelan, commonly called China ware, and Uas * drugs, and the aforesaid half subsidy ot tonnage and poundage, which were all granted to her said late Majesty, her heirs and faccessors for ever, by the said first mentioned ait of the seventh year of her reign, and the excels or surplus, which shall froa tjme to time arise by the said other moiety or half of the fiud subsidy of tonnage and poundage, which was granted for the term of ninety six years,* from the last day of Jufy one thousand seven hundred andf twelve, and charged with eighty thousand pounds per annum, for payment of annuities, and all other revenues, remains and arrears whatsoever, which by the said act of the twelfth year of her said late Majesty's reign were appropriated for payment of interest and allowances relating to the Exchequer bills, or towards cancelling the fame, subject to such / redemption as was thereby prescribed, shall be, and shall be

deemed and taken, and are hereby enacted and declared to be part of the general fund, and security by this act established and intended to be established, for all the uses and purposes in this act expressed, and shall be subject to such redemption as in this act is prescribed, and not otherwise; the said former acts or any of them, or any clause, matter or thing in them, or any of them, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithftaad-tog.

II. And to the end there may be no failure or defeat in the said general fund hereby intended to be established, his Majtjly's said dutiful and loyal subjects* the commons of Groat Britain in parliament assembled* have given and granted, and by this act do give and grunt to his Majesty, his heirs and successors for ever, the several additional revenues and incomes herein after more particularly expressed, and it most humbly beseech his Majesty, that it may be enaftea\ and be it euadted by the authority aforesaid, in manner following, that is to say, Whereas by an act of parliament of the fixtn year of her said late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for continuing one half part of the subsidies of tonnage and poundage and other duties upon wines, goods* and merchandizes imported* which were granted to the crown in the twelfth, year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities, not exceeding eighty thousand pounds per annum, to be sold for raifwg a further /apply to her Majesty* fur the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eight* uni other uses therein exprtffed* it was enadbed. That there fhouki be raised and levied, for and upon alt wines^ goods, and anercha*-dizes, which at any time or times, from and after the said last day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, within or during the term of ninety six years, from thence next mi iae-mediately ensuing, should be imported or brought into Great

Britain,

Duties on wines and merchandizes.

6 Ann. c.n.

Anno pnmo GsoaGlt t. StAt. a. t. il. 16^

pritaih, on* moiety or half-part of the subsidies, duties, and sums of money therein mentioned, or thereby referred to; (except as therein is excepted): now it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, end paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors for ever, for and upon all wines, goods and merchandizes, which at any time or times, from and after the determination of the said term of ninety six years, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, the like mpiety or half-part of the like subsidies, duties, and sums of money (except as in and by the said act of the sixth year of her late MajestyS reign, or any other act or acts of parliament in relation to the said half-fubndy, is except^ fed) and shall be collected, levied, and paid by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and subject to such drawbacks and allowances, and in such manner and form, as by the said act of the sixth year of her Majesty's reign, or any other act relating thereunto, is pfeferibed, for raising and levying the said halMublidy, during the term aforesaid; and that all the monies which, after the determination of the said term of ninety six years, shall arise, of or for the said moiety or halfpart of the said subsidy and duties hereby intended to be continued, and all the arrears of the said half-subsidy which shall or may arise by virtue of the grant thereof, during the term aforesaid, after all the annuities and payments chained thereupon shall be fully paid off and determined, or money fufBcient shall be reserved for that purpose (the neceifary charges of management always excepted) shall be brought and paid, from time to time, into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purposes in this act fcxpteffed, and subject to such redemption as is hereby preferred concerning the fafnfc.

III. And whtreas by an act of parliament made and passed in the Additional feVihth yeaY of the reign of his fate majesty King William the Third duties on (of glorious memory) intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon ail French goods and merchandizes, eettaih additional duties were laid on French wines, brandy, vine-taY, and other gdois of the growth, product, or mamfafture of France, imported front and after the twenty eighth day of February one thousandfin hundred ninety Jin, for the tertn of one and twenty iedrs, and from thence to the end of the nent session of parliament \ dC it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said P®?®* additional duties upon French wines, goods, and merchandizes,tua^ fmposed by the act last mentioned, after the determination of that act, shall have continuance and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefloi's for ever, and shall be collected, levied, and paid, by such Ways and means, and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner andfform, as the said additional duties by the act last mentioned, or by any other act relating thereunto, are appointed to be raised or levied; and that all the monies which, from and after the feast-day of Saint Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall arise of or for the said

M 4 additions)}

i6S Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. a. c.i*; £1714*

additional duties upon French wines, goods, and merchandises,

- by virtue of the said act of the seventh year of the reign of King

7 W. 3. c. *0. William the Third, or by virtue of tins present act, except the necessary charges of raising and paying the fame, shall be brought and paid, from time to time, into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purposes in this act expressed, ana subject to such redemption as is hereby prescribed concerning the fame.

Plantation IV'. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, duties, That all the monies which, from and after the said feast-day of Saint Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall arise by the duties which in and by an act of parliament made and passed in the *5 Car. 1. c. 7. five and twentieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second (of blessed memory) intituled, An afffor the encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade, were granted to his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors for ever, commonly called the plantation duties fthe necessary charges of raising and paying the fame excepted) mall also be brought and paid, from time to time, into the said receipt of Exchequer, for the purposes in this act expressed, and be liable to such redemption as is herein after prescribed in that behalf.

Duty on hops V. Apd be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid,

9Anns, c. 12. That the several and respective duties, which in and by an act rauinued *or payment made in the ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An off for laying a duty upon hops, were imposed upon all hops, which at any time or times within or during the term of four years, reckoned from the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, should be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all hops growing in Great Britain, which, at any time or times within or during the said term of four years, should be cured and made fit for use (which duties by an act of the present session of parliament are continued until the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifteen) shall be and are hereby further continued, and shall be paid and payable tp his Majesty, his heirs and successors for ever, for and upoh all hops which, at any time or times from and after the last day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all hops growing and to grow in Great Britain, which, at any time or times after the said last day of July one thouflmd seven hundred and fifteen, shall be cured ana made fit for use; the fame duties to be charged, ascertained, secured, collected, levied and paid, by such rules, ways, means and methods, and with such drawbacks and allowances, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as the said duties on hops by the two acts last mentioned, or 6ither of. them, or by any other act or acts of parliament thereby referred unto, were enacted or directed to be charged, ascertained, secured, collected, levied and paid * and that all and every the dause$, 2 powers.

17*4-1 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. C. **; 169

powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, provisoes, matters and things contained in the said former acts concerning hops, or either of them, for securing, railing or levying the duties on hops thereby granted or continued, or for encouraging the exportation of Briti/b hops for Inland, or for restraining the use of pitter ingredients instead of hops, or touching or concerning hops of foreign growth, or otherwise relating to hops, shall be and are hereby revived, and shall continue for ever in full force and vigour, for securing, railing, and levying the duties upon hops, hereby granted and continued, and for encouraging the exportation of Briti/b hops to Ireland, and for redraining the use of bitter ingredients instead of hops, and for all other purposes whatsoever in relation to hops, as if the fame clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, provisoes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act;^nd that all the monies which, from and after the said last day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall arise or or for the said duty upon hops hereby granted or continued (except the necessary charges of railing and paying the fame) shall likewise be brought and paid, from time to time, into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purposes by this act appointed, and subject to such redemption as is by this act prescribed in relation thereunto.

VI. And whereas by the said all of the ninth year of her Laid late 9 Ann*,c.ts« Jbfaiejly's reign, intituled, An act for laying a duty upon hops, it is therein (among other things) enabled, That no person shall import, or cause to be imported into Ireland from Flanders, or any other parts whatsoever (other than from Great Britain) any hops whatsoever 5 nevertheless great quantities of foreign hops have been earned into Ireland, and there landed from Flanders, or other parts (other than from Great Britain) to the great prejudice of his Mafefly's revenue, and difcourqgement of the trade of British bops: for prevention of the like abuses for the future; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from ana after the tenth day of September in the year After 10 Sept, of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the mailer niafter ^ of every ship or vessel, which shall carry any hops whatsoever to ? hops^o7" Ireland, shall take from the collector or comptroller of the port Ireland, to in Great Britain (where he shall lade any hops) a duplicate of takeadupli-of his content in writing of all the hops taken or laden on 0816 of board his ship or vessel, before he be permitted to fail out of the <x>lleSor1 0ie port, under the hand and seal of such collector or comp- &c. m £ng-9 trailer of the said port in Great Britain, which said duplicate land, shall be delivered to the mailer of every such ship or vessel, without fee or reward; and that every such mailer of such ship or be deliver-vessel shall deliver, upon oath, such duplicate to the officer of pro-

the customs in such port in Ireland, where such ship or vessel Ireland on' shall arrive, and intends to unlade, before he be permitted to oath, land any hops; and that in case any hops shall be unladen or landed in any part of Ireland, before such duplicate is produced on forfeiture to the officer, collector, or comptroller, as aforesaid, all such *hc hoP*» hops, and ten shillings for every pound weight of the fame, j£d ,0,*PCI*

shall

Anno frimoGaoTton I. 9m. c> it. fi>H»

shall be forfeited; one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fiio* oeffors, the other moiety to the officer or officers, or any other

Erfon or persons who shall fcize or foe for the fame in any of s Majesty's courts of record m Dublin, to be recovered by ac* tion, bill, plaint or information, wherein no essoin, protettioft* privilege, or. wager of law shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance.

4 Ann. c. 6. VII. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the fourth year

of the reign of her said late Majesty* intituled, An act for continue uig an additional subsidy of tonnage and poundage, and certain duties upon coals, culm and cynders, and additional duties of excise, and for settling and establishing a fond thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities, to be sold for raising a further supply to her Majesty, for the service of the year one thousand (even hundred and six, and other use* therein mentioned, a certain additional subsidy of tonnage and poundage, commonly called the one third subsidy, payable for end upon all wines, goods and merchandizes imported, and thereby granted fat the term of ninety eight years* which commenced from the eiebth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand [even hundred and six, and the particular rates and duties of excise thereby granted for the term of ninety five years* from the sevent tenth day of May m thousand seven hundred and thirteen, with other monies therein, nun-tioned* are appropriated and made liable to the payment of certain annuities purthafed thereupon, not exceeding one hundred eighty four thousand two hundred forty two pounds fourteen shillings per annum, for ninety nine years* reckoning from Lady-day one thousand /even hundred and six* and payable at the receipt of the Exchequer* and the overplus monies which might arise yearly upon that act* were afterwards enacted to be justly and duly computed at Lady-day yearly* or 5 Ann. c. 191 bin six days after: and by an act of parliament made in the fifth yeflr of her said late Majesty's reign* intituled, An act for continuing the duties on low wines, and spirits of the first extraction, and the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and part or the duties on stampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and the late duties on sweets, and the one third subsidy of tonnage and poundage, and for settling and establishing X fond thereby, and by the application of certain overplus monies, and otherwise, for payment of annuities, to be sold for railing i further supply to her Majesty, for the service of the year onb thousand seven hundred and seven, and other uses therein expressed, certain duties upon low wines, and spirits of the first extraction, thereby continued from the three and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, for the tern of ninety six years froth thence next ensuing* and certain duties payable by hawkers* pedlars, petty chapmen* and others therein mentioned* and thereby continued for the like term of years,' and fitch of the duties upon ft amp vellunt* parchment* and paper, as are therein mentioned* and thereby continued for the term of ninety six years* which commencedfrom the loft day of July one thousand /even hundred and ten, and the duties upon sweets, thereby laid for the term of ninety nine years, from the faitr

«7'i4rl Anno jkimo Geor<?ii I. Stat. i/C.ii. kyt

and twentieth day of March one thou fond liven hundred and six, and the said subsidy tailed the one third subsidy, by the same act granted and continued for one whole year, to commence from the expiration of the said ninety-eight years therein granted by ihe find former act, and all the overplus monies of the subsidies, rates, dirties, 4 Aim. c. it and other monies contained in the fata act of the fourth year of her said late Majesty's reign, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay so much as should be incurred or grown due upon the said annuities, by virtue of that act, at or before every ftajl of the annunciation of the blessed virgin Mary respectively (the necessary charges of paying and accounting for the fame annuities purchased thereupon being excepted) are Appropriated and made liable to the payment of certain annuities purchased upon the said act of the fifth year of her said late Majestfs reign, not exceeding in the whole 5 Ann.c. if. the sum of seventy-two thousand one hundred eighty/even pounds ten Jbiuings per annum for ninety-nine years, from toe five and twentieth day tf/'March one thousand seven hundred and seven, payable alfi at the Jatd receipt of Exchequer: and thereby it was provided, that if at the end of any year of the said term of ninety-nine years, for Which the said annuities upon the said act of the fifth year of her said late Majesty's reign were to be pwrehafed (the first computation to be made at Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and eight, or within six days after) the monies arising at the Exchequer within fitch year by the said rates, duties, subsidies, overplus monies, and other monies thereby appropriated for payment of annuities pursuant to that act,

should exceed all the monies then due for or upon the fame annuities, rtnd all arrearages thereof then incurred, the excels or furphis should be disposeable from time to time for the publick use and service: and 6 Ann. c. 5. by an act of parliament made in the sixth year of her said late Ma~ fifty's reign, intituled, An act for raising a further supply to her Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other uses, by sale of annuities, charged on a fund not exceeding forty thousand pounds per annum, to arise-fcy appropriating several surplusles, and by granting further terms in the duties on low wines, and on hawkers, pedlars^ and petty chapmen, the damp-duties, the one third subsidy, the duty on sweets, and one of the branches of excise, and by making other provisions in this act mentioned, a certain fund or Jum not exceeding forty thousand pounds per annum, is charged upon and payable out of all the overplus or Jurphss monies of the said rates, duties, subsidies and funds, settled for payment of the said several an-nasties,pwrehafed upon the said several acts of the fourth and fifth years of her said late Afajeflfs reign refteftivefy, which should from time to time remain, after satisfying or reserving in the Exchequer, sufficient to satisfy so much as shall be incurred or grown due, from time to time, upon those annuities, and every of them, and which by the said act of the fifth year of her said late Majesty's reign, were lift 5 Ann. e. if. to be disposei, firm time to time, for the publick use and service, at aforesaidi ana is also charged upon, andpayable "out of all the overplus monies of the rates ana duties of excise, granted by an act of parliament made in the fourth year of the reign of their late majeslies

King

lyi Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. a. c. ixl [1714J

Eng William and fifteen Mary, of gU intituled,

4.W.&M.C.1. An act for granting to their Majesties certain rates and duties of 4 excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for securing certain re-compenfes and advantages in the said act mentioned, to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of ten hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against fir the term of ninety-nine yefrom the fine and twentieth day of

January one thousandfen hundred and by that and other

afils relating thereunto, made liable to the payment of , 1intb

benefit ofjurvivorship, and other annuities (barged thereupon \ which overplus of the rates and duties of excise last mentioned, is by the said 4 Ann. e. j. ad of the sixth year of her find late to be

computed on the twenty-fourth day of June yearly: and by the fame ad of the sixth year of her late Majesifs reign, the duties upon law wines, or spirits of the fiirft extraction, are continued from the expiration of the said term of ninety-six years before granted therein, for one whole year from thence next ; and the find

duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others, as aforefiaid, are continued from the expiration of the fiaid term of ninety-six years before granted therein, for the like term of one year from thence next enfiuing; and fiuch of the duties upon vellum, parchjnent and baper as are therein mentioned, art continued from the expiration of the find term of ninety-six years before granted therein, for the hit term of one whole year from thence next enfiuing; and the fiaid fidy,called the one third subsidy (which was continued for one year, from the expiration of a term of ninety-eight pears, as afirefitid) it further continuedfrom the expiration of thefind one year, for one year more from thence next enfiuing; and the find duty upon sweets made for Jolt, is continued from the expiration of the fiaid term of ninety-nine years formerly granted for the term of two years from

thence next enfiuing ; and the rates and duties of excise lafi mentioned are continuedfrom the expiration of the said term of ninety-nine years formerly granted therein, for the further term of fifteen years from thence next enfiuing j and by the fiaid of the sixth year of her late

Majesifs reign, it was enabled and declared, That the find overplus monies of the fiaid rates, duties, fubfiidies and funds, settled for payment of the find fieveral annuities purchafied upon the said fieveral acts

4 Ann. c. (. of the fourth and fifth years of her fiaid late Majesifs reign re-

5 Ann* c. *9* Jpedivety,and the said overplus monies of the fetid rates and duties of

excise,granted in the fetid fourth year of their said late Majesiies' reign, and the several grants made of the find duties upon low wines, or spirits of toe first extraction, and of the fetid duties to- be paid by hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen, and of the fetid duties upon vellum, parchment and paper,and of the find additional JubJidy, fitve-rally, for the further term of one year, as and of the find

duties upon sweets for two years, and of the said particular rates of excise for fifteen years, as aforefiaid, and other monies therein mentioned, or fio much thereof as be sufficient for nuking up the said fund, not exceeding forty thousand pounds per annum, are and shall bp liable and appropriated thereunto, in order to answer the payment

*7*4*3 Anne primo Georgii I. Stat. *. c. is.*

aim/ <?/* the annuities purchased on that act for ninety-nine years, reckoned from the five and twentieth day of March one thousand fit* $ Ant, c# 5# ven hundred and eight, payable likewise at the said receipt of Exchequer : and by the same act of the sixth yeat of her late Majestfs reign, it is provided, That if at the end of any year of the said term of ninety-nine years, for which the said annuities upon that act were to be purchased (the first computation to be made* at Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and nine, or within six days after) the monies arising at the Exchequer within such year, by that act chargeable ta makegood (be said yearly fund not exceeding forty thousand pounds (except as therein is excepted) should exceed all the monies which at every such feast-day should be due, for or upon the fame annuities, and all arrearages thereof, fio that there should be an excess or Jurplus remaining in the Exchequer, such excess or Jurplus should be disposeaUe, from time to time, for the publish use and service, and not otherwise, as by the said several acts of the fourth, fifth and sixth, years of her said late Afajejiy's reign (relation, being thereunto respectively bad) may more fully appear: now it is hereby further enacted and de- All thefurpto* dared by the authority aforesaid, That all the surplus monies monies jof the which, upon any computation or computations to be made after tnnui5r*^ the twenty-ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one ft aftbeappro-thousand seven hundred and fifteen, pursuant to the said an- priated for the nuity ad of the sixth year of her late Majesty's reign, shall from uses of this time to time, or at any time or times, appear to be or remain in the said receipt of Exchequer, over and above so much qg shall be sufficient to discharge all monies then incurred and grown due for or upon the said annuities and payments charged thereupon by the said several acts of the fourth, fifth and sixth years of her said late Majesty's reign, and over and above so much as pursuant to the true meaning of those acts, or any of them, is to be reserved for payment of any of the annuities thereupon purchased (which surplus monies were intended by the said act of the sixth year of her said late Majesty's reign, to 4 Ann. c. 6. be disposed, from time to time, for the publick. use and service, 5 Ann. c. 19. and not otherwise) and all the arrears of the said duties and re-® Am*" c. 5. venues charged with the said annuities and payments by the fame acts of the fourth, fifth and sixth years of her late Majesty's reign, which shall or may arise by virtue of the grants thereof, for the several terms aforesaid, after all the annuities and payments charged thereupon, shall be expired, determined* and fully discharged and paid off, shall from time to time be let apart, and the lame are hereby appropriated, and shall be ifiiicd and applied to and for the several uses and purposes in this present act declared of and concerning the fame, and to none other use, intent or purpose whatsoever, subject never- theless to such redemption as is herein after provided in that behalf.

V1IL And whereas the duties and revenues contained in the said acts of the fourth, fifth and sixth years of her said late Majesty's reign, whereupon the find surplus or overplus monies are, from tune to tirnr, to arije for the uses and purposes in this act intended, are temporary,

being

17+i -AftriA prime GidftGiri I. Stitt. 4. C. ta'i £17x4.

being granted only for fuih terms of years as are before-mentioned:' now for the better eflablijhtng a sure and lajiing fund to answer aB' the said uses and purposes hereby intended, Subject nevertheless to jitdr redemption as is hereby prefiribed: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such or the like additional subsidy of tonnage and poundage, and other duties commonly called the one The one third third subsidy, which by the said act of the fourth year of her said subsidy 4 Ann. late Majesty's reign, was granted or continued for the term of for evertinUCd ™ncty*c‘g*lt years, from the eighth day of March one thouseiuT

5 Ann. c. 19. f«v*n hundred and six, and by the feia ad of the fifth year of

her said late Majesty's reign, was continued for one year, ter take cflfed after the expiration of the said term of ninety-eight'

6 Ann. c. 5. years, and by the said act of the sixth year of her fate Majesty V

reign was further continued for one year, to take effect after the' expiration of the said term of one year last before-mentioned, shall after the expiration of the said several terms so granted therein, have further continuance, and be paid and payable to Dwiet of ex* his Majesty, his heirs and faccefibrs for ever: and that such or tife, 4 Ann. the like rates and duties of excise, which by the said act of the c. 6. fourth year of her fate Majesty's reign were granted for the term'

of ninety five years, commencing from the seventeenth day of May one tfioufand seven hundred and thirteen, shall after the expiration of the said term of ninety-five years granted therein, have continuance, and be also paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fiicccflbrs for ever : and that such and the* Duties on low I®6* duties upon low wines, or spirits of the first extradton, as wines, Scc. by the said act of the fifth year of her late Majesty's reign were, 5 Ann. c. 19. granted and continued for the term of ninety-six years, from the; 1 Geo. c.x6. and twentieth day of June oat thoofemd seven hundred and* ten, and by the said act of the sixth year of her late Maje-

4 Ann. c.5. rcigh were continued for one. year, to take eflfed after the

expiration of the term of ninety-six years lafft mentioned, shall ' after the expiration of the said several terms so granted therein, have farther continuance, and be likewHe paid and ' payable to his hfajesty, hrsr heirs and fuceeflors for ever: and: hawkers^nd t*la* ^ Kke duties and firms of money'

pedlars,5Ann.to b® by every hawker, pedlar, petty* chapman*, and others

c. 19. * described in a former act of ptfKament for licensing hawkers and

9 Sc io W. 3. pedlars, and all the powers for granting such licence** which Ci by the said act of the fifth year of her late Majesty's reign were

granted for the term of ninety-six years, from the three and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, and by the said act of the sixth year of her late Majesty's reign were continued for one year, to take effect after the expiration of the term of ninety-six years last mentioned, shall after the expiration: of the said several terms so granted therein, hare further continuance, and be also paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirra Duties on vel-an<* fuceeflors for ever: and that such of the duties upon vellum, lum, See. parchment and paper, as by the said act of the fifth year of her

5 Amu u 19. face Majesty's reign were continued for the term or ninety-six

ywv

175

1714*1 Annaptimo.Georgii L Scat 2. c. is.'

pears, from, the bft day of July one thousand seven bundled and ten, and by the said aA of the sixth year of her late Majesty's neign were continued for one year, to'take effect after the expiration of the term of ninety-six years lift mentioned, shall alter the expiration of the said several terms so granted therein, have:

Futhcr continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, hie Duties on heirs and fucceftans for ever: and that the duties upon tweets: JWeets, $ Ann. made for fajey which by the said act of the fifth, year of her find c* *9* late Majesty's reign were granted for the term of ninety-nino wars, from the four and twentieth day of March one thousand &vea hundred and six, and by the said act of the sixth year at her late Majesty's reign were continued for two years, to take ef-fest after the expiration of the term of ninety-nine years last ?

mentioned, shall after the expiration of the said, several terms so granted therein, have further continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and (ucceflbra for ever: and that Duties of exfoe several rates and duties of excise, which by the said act of the eife, 4 5W. fourth yeas of the' reign of their late majesties King William and A M. c. j. Queen Mary, were granted, for the term of ninety-nine years, from, the five and twentieth day of January one thousand fix hun- $ Ann. c. 5. tired ninety-two, and were by foe said act of the sixth year at her late Majesty's reign continued for the term of fifteen years,, to take efteft after the said ninety-nine years last menboned^.

shall, after the expiration of foe several teems so granted'.there*-ib, have further continuance, and be paid: and'.payable to hi«

Majesty, his heirs and successors for ever: and that the fiud federal mbfidies, rates and duties by this act made, perpetnal, a» iforesaid, when and as the fame respectively shall take efieft,. by virtue of this act, shall be raised and levied by such rules, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures,, and wide Ipch dlftribution of the fame penalties and- forfeiture^ and subject to such power, of mitigation, and with such respective draw-, backs, allowances and repayments, and in such manner and form, as the like duties granted or continued by foe find former ufta now io.being respectively are.prelcribed, enacted or appoint— -td toihe raised or levied.

IX. And it is hereby, declared. That where any of the above* ^ ^ mentioned duties, now in being, or any proportions thereof do {kid duties extend to that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, by virtue of Hull extends* iny of the acts which granted foe fame, or by virtue of foe lateiScottond.

tft of. union, in all fudb cases the fame respective.-duties hereby) intended to he made perpetual, shall be understood to extend to:

Scotland in like manner.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted,That in all cases: All further where, any further or other provision or alteration is made by provision* by any other act or acts of parliament now in being, touching or*&* of pariia-Donceming any the fubfiidies, rates or duties, which were grant- 5™*to **** ed for certain terms, as aforesaid, such othor provisionv and al—p tendons shall be observed and take place, in .relation to the like fuhfidksj ratesand duties, by this act intended to be. made perj

petuaL

XI. And

tyS Anncfprimo Ge!orgii L Stat. i. C.I2. [17142

The money to XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the to theExch^' mon^C8 to ar^e ty the iaid subsidies, rates and duties by this atf xc made perpetual, as aforesaid, when and as the fame respectively (after the expiration of the respe&hre terms formerly granted as aforesaid) shall take effect, by virtue of this present act (the necefiaiy charges of railing the feme excepted) shall likewise, from time to time, be brought into the said receipt of Exche- quer, for the uses and purposes in this act expressed; neverthe-lets the said duties and revenues hereby made perpetual, and the application thereof to the uses and purposes by this act intended, shall be subject and liable to such redemption as is herein after prescribed in that behalf.

5&6W.&M. XII. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the fifth yeat of the reign of their said late majeslies King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for granting to their Maiefties several rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and * upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for securing certain recompences and advantages in the said act mentioned, to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of fifteen hundred thotifand pounds towards carrying on the war against France, certain other rates and duties of excise were granted to their MajesHes, their heirs and successors for ever, and the monies arising thereupon as thereby directed to be divided into five seventh parts, and two seventh parts, and by virtue of that and other acts in that behalf the said five seventh parts are liable tp answer the original fund, of one hundred thou fund pounds.per annum to the said governor and company, and their Jut-ctffovs, subject to such redemption as is provided for the fame by laws now An force \ and the fend two seventh parts are liable to anfwef certain annuities for lives charged thereupon, and the said five seventh parti, and two seventh parts have respectively produced, and are like to product yearly more than sufficient to answer the said original fund, and all the annuities or payments by any act or acts of parliament charged thereupon respectively ; and the overplus monies kh mentioned are computable on the first day of June yearly \ be it further cn-The overplus acted by.the authority aforesaid, That all the overplus monies af 6 W' ^ ^ve sevent** Parts> an<*two seventh parts, which up-

mmropriated on any computation or computations to be duly made, after the wtheufesof f^id twenty-ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one this act. thousand (even hundred and fifteen, fhhll from time to time, or

at any time or times, appear to be or remain in the said receipt , of Exchequer; that is to say, of the said five seventh parts (over and above so much as shall be sufficient to discharge all the monies then incurred and grown due for or upon the said original fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum) and of the said two seventh parts (over and above so much as shall be sufficient to discharge all monies then incurred and grown due for the said annuities or payments charged thereupon, or necessary to be re-< served for that purpose) and all the monies which shall arise by the said five seventh parts of the said excise, after redemption of the said original fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, in case it shall be redeemed before all the uses and purposes in-

intended

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat 2. c. i % . 17^

tended by this act shall be satisfied, and all the monies which shall arise by the raid two seventh parts of the excise, after all the annuities for lives and other payments charged thereupon shall be determined, and fully dilcharged, shall also, from time to time be set apart, and the fame are hereby appropriated, and shall from time to time, be issued and applied to and for the several uses, intents and purposes in this act expressed, and to none other use, intent or purpose whatsoever, subject nevertheless to such redemption as is hereby prescribed.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- AH publick said. That all other publick monies which, from and after the monies not said feast of Saint Micbatl the archangel in the year of our Lord 2J,P.r?Priate? one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall come and be 2ko the u&? brought into the said receipt of Exchequer, not being appropri- of this act. ated or appointed to any use or uses, by any act or acts of parliament made or to be made, and not being monies arising from

any branch or branched of revenue, appointed or to be appointed for the service of his Majesty's civil government, or the expences thereunto belonging, shall likewile be set apart, issued and applied, to and for the uses and Cervices in and by this present act declared and intended, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared Provifofbrtbd

by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained theaftiGw°i shall hinder or obstruct, or be construed to hinder or obstruct, ‘ %

the making good any deficiency or deficiencies, which at any

time or times shall happen of or in the yearly fund of one hundred and sixteen thofifand five hundred seventy-three pounds twelve shillings, mentioned in an act of parliament of the first year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for rectifying tnijlakes in the names of the commissioners for the land-tax for the year one zGeo.i.stat.iJ thousand seven hundred and fourteen ; and for raising so much as is c. 2. ' wanting to make up the sum of fourteen hundred thousand pounds, intended to be raifid by a lottery for the publick service in the said year, but that every such deficiency shall and may be made good, and satisfied out of any publick unappropriated monies, as if this act had never been ra&c; any thing herein contained to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it enacted and declared by the authority afore- The several

said. That all the said subsidies, duties ana revenues, which by subsidies, &c. the said act of the twelfth year of her said late Majesty's reign, 0121,1 ** °ne Were appropriated for paying of interest and allowances relating the

to. the Exchequer-bills, issued upon that and the said former purpose* ot acts in that behalf, or towards cancelling the fame, and all ar- this act. rears thereof, and the several additional revenues and incomes by 14Ann. stat.i, this act granted or continued, for the uses and purposes hereafter Made perpetuai in and by this act expressed or intended, and all surplus monies, ty 3 GeoVu arrears, and other monies whatsoever by this act directed to be c. s. f. 17. brought into the receipt of Exchequer, or to be set apart or applied to or for the fame uses and purposes, as aforesaid, and like-

Wire the overplus monies of the yearly sum of seven hundred Vol. XIII. N thousand

t

t78 Anno prime Georgii I. Stat.2. c,n. *[1714*

thousand pounds herein after-mentioned, from time to time arising, are and shall be one general or aggregate'fund and lecuri--ty for satisfying and paying all monies which are, and from time to time shall be incurred and grown due or payable for iqjtereft, after the rates of two pence per centum per diem, and for the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, for all the Exchequer-bills abovementioned, or such of them as shall from 'time to time be uncancelled or undercharged $ and all the monies .which are or shall be grown due, from time to time, upon the said sums of forty-five thousand pounds per annum* and eight thousand pounds per annum, for so long time as those yeany sums are to continue or be payable; and for supplying to his Majesty during his life (which God long preserve) the yearly I sum of one-hundred and twenty thousand pounds, from the fern j of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, by quarterly payments, at the four most usual feasts of the year, by equal portions, or within ten days after every such feast-day, for the service of his Majesty's houthold and family, and other his necessary expences and occasions; and also for supplying the further yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds for ever, by like quarterly payments, to commence from the said feast of Saint Miehatl the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, in order to raise any sum or sums of money thereupon, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds,

* for publick services, and for making good any such deficiencies as shall or may happen, as aforesaid, and likewise for or towards fumilhing the said yearly Turn of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety-nine pounds and seven shillings, for paying off and cancelling the said bills, all which is to be done in such order, manner and form, as are herein after preforibed: and that such of the said subsidies, duties, revenues, additional revenues, surplus monies, remains and arrears, as are already commenced or arisen, and the residue thereof, as they shall arise and take effect, shall be and are by this a<5 appropriated, and shall be applied thereunto accordingly ; any other act or acts of parliament, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

The allowan- XVI. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authorises of 31. per ty aforesaid, That the said allowances, after the fate of three MicT' Poun<*s P^ per annum, and all arrears thereof, shall from to the bank time to time be paid and satisfied at the receipt of Exchequer to weekly. the said governor and company and their successors, weekly, or as soon as the fame can be satisfied, out of the monies of the said general or aggregate fund arising by the said duties and re-„ venues thereof, already commenced, or hereafter to commence,

or come in, as aforesaid, or by any of them, so as by such weekly or other payments, the whole of the said allowances, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, due to the said governor and company, and their successors, at the end of each quarter (reckoning die quarter to terminate at the four most

6 tifiial

4714*1 Aqnoprimo Georgii I. Stat. 2. C. 12. * 179

usual feasts of the year rofpe<SUvely) be not exceeded; and-that And the ad. the' commiflLoners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, P?r cent- P;rh or the lord treasurer for the time being,-(hall, and they are here- p^'n £ uc by impowered and directed, out of the monies of the said gene- the treasury ral or aggregate fund, arising by the said duties and revenues intrust, by already commenced, or hereafter to commence, or come in, as w^.°^ira' aforesaid, or by any of them, to issue unto such person or per- p 9 Ions, as the said commissioners of the treasury, or lord treasurer do or shall think fit to intrust in that behalf, and upon security given or to be given, to the good liking of the said commissioners of the treasury, or lord treasurer, such sum and sums of money, by way of imprest, and upon account, from time to time, and by such proportions at a time, as the lame commissioners or lord treasurer shall find necessary for discharging all the interest, after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, which is and shall from time to time be due or demandable upon the said Exchequer-bills made forth upon the acts aforesaid, or any of them, the said interest to be discharged at such time, and in such manner and form, as by the said former acts, or any of them, were prescribed in that behalf,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After f*tbfy-That after paying or reserving sufficient to pay or satisfy, from

time to time, so much as is or shall be grown due or demand- the 45,0001. able for the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, and 80001. and interest of two pence per centum per diem, then the monies Pef ann. to be which are or shall, from time to time, be grown due to the said P|4 to governor and company, and their fucceuors, upon their said D other allowances of forty-five thousand pounds ptr annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum, during so long time as those allowances are to continue, as aforesaid, shall quarterly at the relpeAive days and times before appointed for payment thereof, be paid and utisfied to the said governor and company, and their iiiCDzfibrs, at foe receipt of the Exchequer, weekly, or as soon as the fame can be satisfied, out of the monies of the said general or aggregate fond, anting or to arise by the said duties and revenues already commenced, or hereafter to commence or come In, as aforesaid, so a9 by such weekly or other payments, the films to be due to the said governor and company, or their fuc-ceflors, upon their allowances last mentioned, at the end of each quarterly day of payment thereof, be not exceeded.

XVIII, And it is hereby ertaded, That after paying or re- After that the serving sufficient to pay and satisfy, from time to time, to much yearly sum of as is or shall be grown due or demandable for the said allow- “OiOfxd/lhdl ance of three pounds per centum per annum, and interest of two cmTuft,or * pence per centum per diem, and the said allowances of forty-five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per an-

mm, then the said yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thou-fimd pounds for the service of his Majesty's houlhold and family, and other his necessary expences and occasions, shall grow due and be payable to his Majesty quarterly, from the said feast of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thou-

N z (and

answerthe perpetual annuities.

;*8o Armo primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 12Z [<71^

fend seven hundred and fifteen, at the four most usual feasts in the year, by equal portions, during his Majesty's natural life, as aforesaid, out of the monies of the said general or aggregate fund, arising or to arise by the said duties or revenues already commenced, or hereafter to come in, as aforesaid; and that the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or lord treasurer, and under-treasurer of the Exchequer, for the time being, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause the said yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds to be iftued and applied, weekly, or as soon as the fame can be satisfied, in the order and course aforesaid, for the fame services, out of the said monies of the said general or aggregate fund, or any of them, so as by such weekly or other payments, the sum of thirty thousand pounds to be due thereupon at the end of each quarter be not exceeded.

After that, the XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,.

That after paying or reserving sufficient to pay and satisfy, from 2cVct°apart totime to much as is or shall be grown due or demand-

able for the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, and the interest of two pence per centum per diem, and the said allowances of forty-five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum, and for or upon the said sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annumy then the said sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds per annum* from the^east of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, for ever, shall at the said four usual feasts in the year, by equal portions, without any deduction or abatement, be separated and set apart in the said receipt of Exchequer, out of the monies of the said general or aggregate fund, arising and to arise by the said duties or revenues already commenced, or hereafter to come in, as aforesaid, and shall, from time to time, be iftued and applied to answer and satisfy such perpetual annuities as shall be purchased thereupon, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, according to the true intent and meaning of such act or acts of parliament, as is, are, or shall be parted, for raising thereupon any sum or fum$ of money not exceeding the said sum of nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, for the service of the publick.

XX. And it is hereby declared to be the true .intent and meaning of this act, That the said allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum* and the said payments ibr interest, shall from time to time take place, and be preferred in point of payment, out of the said general or aggregate fund hereby establilned, before the said yearly Turns of forty-nve thousand and eight thousand pounds, or either of them; and that the said yearly sums of forty-five thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, shall from time to time take place, and be preferred in point of payment, before the said yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds; and that the said yearly

sum

The several preferences.

1714.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 12.'

sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds shall from time to time take place, and be preferred in point of payment, out of the said general fund, before the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds5 and that the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds shall from time to time take place, and be preferred before any sums herein after mentioned, for making good deficiencies (when any such shall happen) of or in other funds of the said governor and company, and before the yearly sum herein after mentioned, for cancelling and discharging the said Exchequer-bills.

. XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority How the defi-aforesaid. That after paying or reserving sufficient to pay and ciencie* shall Satisfy, from time to time, so much as is or shall be grown duebc made good, or demandable for the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, and interest of fwo pence per centum per diem, and the said allowances of forty-five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum, and for and upon the said yearly sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum, and fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, then the said deficiency and deficiencies for making good the payments, to be from time to time incurred and grown due, for or upon the said yearly sums of one hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred and six thousand five hundred and pne pounds thirteen shillings and five pence, and either of them (when and as often as any such shall happen) shall from time to time be Satisfied and answered out of the monies of the said general or aggregate fund, arising or to arise by the said duties or revenues already commencea, or hereafter to come in, as aforesaid; and the commissioners of the treasury, or the lord treasurer, and under-treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, are herely authorized and required to cause every such deficiency or deficiencies so happening, to be Satisfied and paid accordingly, with preference to any issues then to be made for cancelling the said bills, which deficiencies (if any such be) shall be annually computed at the Exchequer, from the produce of the said respective revenues there (to wit) the deficiency of the said original fund on the first day of June yearly, and the deficiency of the annuity Jaft mentioned at Afuhaelmas yearly.

XXtf, Provided also, and it is hereby enacted. That after How the prepaying or reserving sufficient to pay and Satisfy, from time to c^lra0u cy °* time, so much as is or shall be grown due or demandable for bill# flud) the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, and in- be paid off. terest of two pence per centum per diem, and the said sums of forty-five thousand pounds per annum, eight thousand pounds peranrtutn, one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum, and fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, and so much as shall be demandable by virtue of this act, to make good such deficiency and deficiencies, as aforesaid, (all which are always to be preferred, as aforesaid) then the said full and Entire yearly sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred fiinety-nine pounds seven Shillings, or (o much thereof*

N 3 W

l8l

Anno primo Georgii 1. Stat. 2. c. 12; [1714*

ai the remainder of the monies of the said general or aggregate fund, arising or to arise by the said duties or revenues already commenced, or hereafter to come in, as aforesaid, shall from time to time produce for that purpose, shall be, and is by this act appropriated for paying off all the principal money contained in all and every the said Exchequer-bills made forth upon the acts aforesaid, or any of them, and for cancelling the fame, until all the said bills shall be discharged and cancelled, and shall be issued and applied to and for that use and purpose, in such manner as the commissioners of the treasury, or lord trea-' surer for the time being, shall from time to time direct and appoint in that behalf; and that the issues thereof shall be made quarterly, or oftner, so as by the payments within any quarter, the fourth part of the yearly lum last mentioned for that quarter be not exceeded.

Overplus of XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the au-anLb'eb ^Dar* t*lor^ty aforesaid, That in case the produce of the said general or Sa:nent.ypar* aggregate fond, to arise-by all or any the subsidies, duties and revenues hereby appropriated for all the purposes aforesaid, shall at the end of any year, reckoning from the said feast of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, exceed all the money due at the end of every such year for all the purposes aforesaid, so that there shall be an excess or surplus of the said general fund, such ex-cess or surplus shall be disposable, from time to time* for the publick use and service by authority of parliament, and not otherwise j any thing herein, or in any other act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Deficiency to XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the au-be made good thority aforesaid, That in case the produce of the said general or by parliament, aggregate funcj, to arise by all or any the subsidies, mities and revenues hereby appropriated for all the purposes aforesaid, (halt at any time or times appear to be so deficient, that withlh any one year, reckoning from the said feast of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the fame shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy the said several and respective purposes to which the fame is hereby intended to be applied, Then and in every ftlch case,* and as often as any such deficiency of the said general fund shall happen, the fame shall be provided for, answered aVid thade a 1 c £00c* anc* out next aids to be granted in parliament. 700^0*- for XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by theatitho-ihe civil list, rity aforesaid, That if the revenues settled or appointed for the shall be part of service of his Majesty's houshold, and of the honour and dig- the aggregate nity of his crown, by the late act of parliament of the first year ftat! i!c. 1. * °? Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better support of his Majestfs houjhold^ and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, together with the said additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum, intended by this act to be fupnlied, as aforesaid, shall from the said feast of Saint Michael the*archangel in the year of our Lord one thou*

fend

1714-] Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 12. it3

fend {evenhundred and, fifteen, at any time during his Majesty'; fife, produce in clear money more than the yearly sum of fever* hundred thousand pounds, that then the overplus of such produce (being more than the said yearly sum of seven hundred thousand pounds) shall go to, and be deemed and taken to be' part of the general or aggregate fund by this act intended to be establiftied for the several purposes aforesaid, and be appropriated, ilTued and applied accordingly, till all the said Exchequer bills shall be paid off and cancelled; and from and after the cancelling and discharging of all the said Exchequer-bills, then the said overplus which from thenceforth shall arise, exceeding the said Yearly sum of seven hundred thousand pounds, shall not be issued, dilposed, made use of, or applied to any use or purpose, or upon any pretext whatsoever, without the authority of parliament ; and that all grants and difpositions whatsoever here- |2cli^we™iu«-after to be made by his Majesty of such overplus, or any part without au-thereof, from time to time, without authority of parliament, thority of par-(hall be utterly void and of none effect $ and the grantees, or. other persons to whom such grants or difpositions, or any of them, shall be made of such overplus, or any part thereof, shall be adjudged uncapable in law to take, hold, keep, detain, or enjoy the fame$ any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the au- Deficiency to thority aforesaid. That if the said revenues settled or appointed for the service of his Majesty's houshold, and of the honour and !Jjd8° iG«o.*f dignity of the crown, by the said act of the first year of his Ma^ ftat/i. c. 1. * jefiys reign, and the said additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum, taken together, shall at the end of any year successively during his Majesty's life, reckoning the first year from the said feast of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, appear to have produced in clear money, less than the said sum of seven hundred thousand pounds for that year re-fjpcdlively, then and in every such case, as often as any such deficiency shall happen, the feme shall be provided for, answered, and made good by and out of the next aids to be granted in parliament.

aXVII. And it is hereby enatfted. That the sum of seventy- 77*6941* «*»7<b seven thousand six hundred ninety-four pounds one (hillingand in theExche-seven pence, of publick unappropriated monies, which was l %

brought into the said receipt of Exchequer before the twelfth day faail be ap-of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and now rer plied to de-maining there, be applied towards defraying his Majesty's ex- .jffj traordinary expences relating to the civil government, from the ,1;,^ Mich# time of his accelfion to the throne, until the said feast of Saint 5‘

Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaitj, All the pow-That the said former acts above-recited or mentioned, and cf* j.n re“ every of them, and all the powers, authorities, privileges, ad-

N 4 vantages during this

184

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. ni [1714;

vantages and exemptions, and all rules, directions and precepts, and all pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, in them or any of them contained (being now in force) touching or concerning the said Exche-ouer-bills, issued as aforesaid, or the circulating or exchanging the said bills, or any of them, or touching or concerning any the subsidies, duties, or funds in the said acts, or any of them mentioned, or any way relating thereunto (such alterations as are therein made by this act only excepted) (nail continue, and be used, exercised, inflicted, raffed, levied, applied, and put in practice and execution, in relation to all and every the said Exchequer-bills, and in relation to the subsidies, duties, and funds settled by this and the said former acts, as fully as if the said powers, authorities, privileges, advantages, exemptions, rules, directions, precepts, pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters and things (except as aforesaid) were repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act 5 and that the said governor and company, or any the members thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

The bank e- XxIX. And it is hereby enacted and declared. That the go-ftabhfhtd. vernor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall continue a corporation, with all the powers, privileges and advantages thereunto belonging;, until all the said Exchequer-bills, issued by virtue of the said acts, or any of them, shall be discharged and cancelled, notwithstanding the redemption of their other funds, in pursuance of the acts by which the fame are establithed, or any of them; any thing in this or the said other acts contained to the contrary notwithstandin£.

When the ag- XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by lreifltc *u the authority aforesaid, That from and after the complete pay-ito^^be re- *nS an<* Charging all the principal and interest which frail deemed by ‘ be due upon all the said Exchequer-bills, issued as aforesaid, parliament, and cancelling the fame, and full payment made of all arrearages (if any mall be then due) as well for and upon the said allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum pir annum. and for and upon the said yearly sums of forty-five thoufanq pounds, eight thousand pounds, one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty-tour thousand six hundred pounds, and every of them, as also of such deficiency or deficiencies as shall then appear to be unsatisfied (if any such be) for or upon the said original fund of one bunared thousand pounds per annum, and for and upon the said annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence per annum, then, and not till then, the said general or aggregate fund by this act establifred, or intended to be eftab-lished, for the several purposes aforesaid, and the said subsidies, duties and revenues, contained or to be contained therein, and every of them, shall be understood to be redeemed by parliament, and shall not be issued, paid or applied, to any use, intent or purpose whatsoever, without the authority of parliament1,

other

714.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 12. 185

ther than and except the said duties called, the two thirds of a jbfidy of tonnage and poundage upon goods and merchandizes nported, and other than and except the said duties upon Exception, office, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-paste, tea, nutmegs, cin-tamon, cloves, mace, pictures and muflins, and other than nd except the said increased duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, hocolate, cocoa-paste, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace nd pictures, and other than and except the said farther rates nd duties upon all white callicoes, porcelan called china ware, nd drugs; all which said subsidies and duties so excepted, are ntended to be continued, and are hereby enacted to be conti-tued, for answering and paying out of the fame all the payments which shall after such redemption grow due for and upon he said yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand K>unds, by quarterly payments, for the service of his Majesty's loufhold and family, and other his necessary occasions, during lis Majesty's life, and also for answering and paying out of the ame excepted subsidies, and other duties, all the payments nrhich shall after such redemption grow due for or upon the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds^ for pay-nent of the said annuities to be purchased, as aforesaid, which mnuities are to continue for ever, unless the fame be redeemed ay parliament, according to the tenor and true meaning of the Taid other act or acts of parliament passed or to be passed in that behalf; and the said excepted subsidies and duties so to be continued for answering the payments of the said yearly sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and nfty-rour thousand six hundred pounds* or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the fame, are and shall be appropriated, issued, and applied thereunto, during the continuancenf the fame yearly sums respectively 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And it is hereby declared to be the true intent and Thisfundmay meaning of this a ft. That the said general fund by this a A ** redeemed established for the several purposes aforesaid, and all the said SecnS? *!£© subsidies, duties and revenues comprehended, or intended to originafbank be comprehended therein (except before excepted) may be re- fund, deemed in the manner and form prescribed in and by the fore*

going proviso and condition, without redeeming the said original fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum of the said governor and company, or their said annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence per annum> which original fund and annuity respectively shall and may be redeemed upon such notices, and in such manner and form, and upon such terms and conditions, as are prescribed by the respective acts of parliament now in force concerning the fame, and not otherwise; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted. That from Afterrcdcmp-and after the redemption of the said original fund of one hun- tion of theon-

r dred subfund,

1

186 Aimo primo Gedrgii I. Scat. 2. C.12; [1714c

&c. bank to dred thousand pounds annum, and of the said annuity of one; ccafe* hundred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen

shillings and five pence per annum, and from and after redemption Audi like wife be made of the general, fund establithed by, this a ft for the several pnnpofes aforesaid, (except before excepted) then* and not till then* the said corporation of the go-j vernor and company of the bank qI,England shall ceaife and de-t termine; but till then the said governor and company {hali.con-tinue a corporation* and shall have and enjoy all the powers . and privileges they are entitled to* as aforesaid.

Seho^aft?n XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted* That to be made good. muc^ of sum of one hundred and eighty thousand pounds*

' which was borrowed on the said former act* which laid a duty, on hops for four years, and the interest thereof* as is deficient and remains unpaid, shall be satisfied out of th? said sum* not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds* to be raised as aforesaid.

5 Ann. c. 4. XXXIV. And whereas in and by an act ef parliament paffid in the fifth year of her late Majesty's reign * intituled* An a £t for settling upon John duke of Marlborough* and his posterity* a pen-fion of five thousand pounds per annum* for the more honourable support of their d gnities* in like manner as his honours and dignities, and the honour and manor of IVoodftoek^ and house of Blenheim,, are already limited and settled* amougft other rentals therein, it was recited, That her Majesty was grac'umfiy Clause for fa- pleased, at her own expence, to erect the house of Blenheim* fs a tiifying an ar- monument of the glorious aftious of the feud duke: and whe eas also Ac^at Blen- ^e building of the house of Blenheim* and making the gardens and heim, whiift other conveniences thereunto belongings were begun and carried on carried on accordingly, at the oxtence of her said late Majesty, until the works «*P*nce thereof ceased; the charge of which said building and works, so far Majesty!* as t^e fame were carried on (except the debts remaining unsatisfied tf artificers and others) was born by her Majesty out of the revenues u Ann.ftati. which were appointed for the uses of her civil government: and c. ii. whereas by an act of parliament made and passed in the twelfth year

of the reign of her said late Majesty * Jhe was enabled to raise five hundred thousand pounds on the revenues appointed for the uses ofher 'civil governments to be applied for or towards the paytnent of such debts and arrears owing to her servants, trade fauns tend others* as are therein mentioned; by which act it was provided and enacted. That the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds Jhquld be applied and iifposed in aid of the revenues or branches which were appointed for support of her Majesty s boujhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crowns for or towards the paying and discharging such arrears and debts, as aforesaid: Nevertheless for the clearing of any doubt that may arise, whether the debts which incurred and became duo* end now remain unsatisfied to artificers and others* for work perr formed and materials delivered, for or upon account of the building and works aforesaid, whilfi the fame were carried on, as aforesaid^ ought to be paid and satisfied by and out of the arrears of per Ma-iefiy's said revenues, due at the time of her iemife* and the monies

now

1714.J Anno prono Geokgxx I. Stat. 1. c.i$. 187

mu remitting of the sum by the loft above recited

it raised; it is hereby declared. That all the debts which were usually incurred ana grown due, and now remain unsatisfied-to artificers and others for work performed, and materials delivered for or upon account of the said building, and other' works at Blenheim, on or before the first day of June in the year H our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve (when her Majesty first caused the payments on account of the said building to be stopped) ought to be, and the fame are hereby accordingly directed and enacted to be paid out of the monies now r

remaining of the aforesaid sum by the last recited act authorised to be raised, and out of the arrears -of the said revenues granted to her Majesty for the uses of her civil government, as afore-, said, due at the time of her demise, in such and the like manner, and by such proportions only, as other her Majesty** debts are or ought to be paid and latisfied.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the further fccierity of his Majesty's and government, and the fuccefjum of the crown in the bars of the late Princess Sophia, being pro , and for - 1

tingia/bingtbe hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twelfth year tf the reign of Reciting is it his late majesty King William, of glorious and immortal 13 W. 3. c. *. memory, intituled, An act for the further limitation of the crown, aifid better securing the rights and liberties of the subject; it was enabled. That the crown and regal government of the kingdoms ^England, France, and Ireland, and the dominions thereunto belonging, with the royal state and dignity of the find realms, and honours, files,titles, regalities, prerogatives, powers, jurisdifiioriS and authorities, to the fame belonging and appertaining, after the debt afeof his said Majesty, arid of the princess Anne of Denmark, and in default of ijjue of the find princess Anne of Denmark, and of his said Majesty rejpeltivily,should be, remain, and continue to

the most excellent princess Sophia, eleftorefs and dutchess dowager of

Hanovef, daughter of the most excellent princess Elizabeth, late Sueeti of Bohemia, daughter of our late lord King Jamei

the First,and the heirs of the body of the find princess Sophia, being

protestants: and whereas also an att was made in England in the 13&14W. j.. thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the said King WiL c. 6. liatn, intituled, An act for the further feourity of his Majesty's person, and the fuccelfton of the crown in the protestant line, and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors, whereby, among other things, it was provided. That all arid every person and persons, mentioned in the said last recited should

take the oath therein mentioned, and subjeri the fame, in the man-

ner, at the times and places, and under the pains and penalties therein axprefftd} and upon the demise of his late majesty King William,

there

188 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c. 13. [1714J

1 Ann. there was another afi made in the first year of her late majesty Queen

c*ia* Anrte, intituled, An act to declare the alterations in the oath

appointed to be taken by the ad, intituled* An act for the further security of his Majesty's person, and the succession of the crown in the protestant line; and for extinguiQiing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret abettors; and for declaring the association to be determined; and for the fame end there was another at! paffei in the fourth year of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intiAnn. c. S. tuled* An act for the better security of her Majesty's person and government, and of the succession to the crown of England in die protestant line: and whereas by the treaty of union, and second article thereof , it is provided* That the successton to the monarchy of the united kingdom of Great Britain, and of the dominions there-unto belonging* after her said late mofl sacred majesty Queen Anne, and in default of issue .of her said Majesty, should be* remain, and continue to the mofl excellent princess Sophia, eleftorefs and dutehefs dowager of Hanover and the heirs of her body, being protestants, upon whom the crown of England flood settled by the aforesaid ad, made in England in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty it fc i j W. 3. King William 5 pursuant to which treaty and state of union, there e. were sundry acts made in the reign of her said late majesty Queen

Anne, for taking certain oaths and declarations for security df her Majesty s person and government* and settling the crown in the pro-t eft ant line: and whereas the said pretended prince of Wales hath ajfumcd the stile and title of James the Third, King of England, Scotland and Ireland, in open defiance of the provisions made for the establijbment of the title and successton of the crown by the fata acts of parliament* on whichfaid acts the fajfety of your Majesty s royalperfon and government* the continuance of the monarchy ^Great J&ritain, the preservation of the protestant religion, the maintenance of the churches ^/"England and Scotland, as by law establifbed, the security of the ancient and undoubted rights and liberties, and the futuh peace and tranquillity of this kingdom do (under God) entirely depend: and whereas the said pretended prince of Wales, since me dt-mise of the late Queen* in prejudice of your Majestfs just righf and title to the imperial crown of these realms, has continued to qffume the said name and title of James the Third, King ^England, Scotland and Ireland, in manifest violation of your Majestfs most lawful and rightful title to the crown, and of the alls and treaty above-mentioned* made for settling, and furthersecurity of the fame* and for kxtin-guijbmg the hopes of him the said pretender* and of all other pretenders, and their open and Jecret abettors: and whereas also fevered wicled and evil-minded perfens have* even since your Majestfs happy accession to the throne* in riotous, sedition* and treasonable manner, taken upon them to give to the said pretended prince of Wales the aforesaid name and title: to the intent therefore the said acts may be for ever inviolably preserved, and that all future questions and e&ui-fions, by reason of any pretended titles to the crown, may be prevented, we your Majestfs most dutiful and loyal subjects, the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, do

humbly

1714*1 Aniio pri(no GEOftGtl I. Stat. i: C. i$. 189

humbly beseech your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enabled \ AH officer*, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and ***“ with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal ***** and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by authority of the fame. That all and every person and persons, as well peers as commoners, that shall bear any office or offices, civil or military, or shall receive any pay, salary, fee or wages, by reason of any patent or grant from his Majesty, or shall have command or place of trust from or under his Majesty* or from any of his Majesty*s predecessors, or by his, her, or their authority, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, within Great Britain, or in his Majesty's navy, or in the several islands in Great Bri-of Jer/ey and Guernsey, or shall be of the houshold, or in thetain* service or imploymertt of his Majesty, or of his royal highness George prince of Wales, or her royal highness the princess of Wales, or their issue, and all ecclesiastical persons, heads or go- all ecclesiafti-vemors, of what denomination soever, and all other members person*, of colleges and halls in any university, that are or shall be of&c" the foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any exhibition, (being of the age of eighteen years) and all persons teaching or reading to pupils in any university, or elsewhere, and all schoolmasters all school-and ushers, and all preachers and teachers of separate congre- "?,*?*”*&c* Rations, all constables, and every person that shall act as a fer- jaW&^tiat jeant at law, counsellor at law, barrister, advocate, attorney, 9 solicitor, writer in Scotland, proctor, clerk, or notary, by prac-tifing in any manner as such in any court whatsoever, who shall inhabit, reside, or be within the cities of London or Westminster, redding within or within thirty miles distant from the same, on the first day of 3® ®f Michaelmas term next, at any time during the said term, (nail the foU personally appear before the end of the said term in his Majesty** ]owing oaths court of chancery, kingVbench, common pleas or Exchequer, in one of the and there, in publick and open court, between the hours of court* at West-nine of the clock and twelve in the forenoon, take the oaths

herein after mentioned; that is to say, euuJgidBy

1 Geo. 1. stat*

I A. B. do ftncerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, *c- *3-and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George* Thc

So help me God.

I A. B. do swear, that I do from my heart abhor, deleft and abjure, as impious and heretical, that damnable doflrine and potion, That princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, may be deposed or murthered by their subjeBs, or any other whatsoever. And I do declare, that no foreign prince, person, prelate, state or potentate, hath or ought to have any jurisdiflion, powk, superiority, pre-eminence or authority, ecclesiastical or spiritual, within this realm.

So help me God.

I A. B,

i$o

Anno primo Giorgii I. Scat. 2. c. rj. [1714.

11&13 w

C. %

I A. B. do truly and fmterely acknowledge, profess % testify and declare? in my confidence? before God and the world* That ear sovereign Lord King George is lawful and rightful King of (Us realm? and all other his Majesty's dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And / do fdcmnfy and fencerely declare? That I do believe in my conference? that the person pretended to beprince of Wales, during the life of the late King James, and fence, his dueafe pretending to be? and taking upon himself the file and title of King of England, by the name of James the Third? or rf Scotland, by the rname of James the Eighth, or the file and title of King of Great Britain, hath not any right or title whatsoever to the crown of this realm? or any other the dominions thereunto belonging $ ema / 4o renounce? refufe? and abjure any allegiance or obedience to buy. And I do fwear? That I will bear faith and true allegiance to his majesey King George, and him will defend to the utmtfi of my power? against all traiterous conspiracies and attempts whatsoever, which /ball be made against his perfon? crown or dignity>. And I will do my utmost endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesey? and his successors? all treafms and traiterous conspiracies which IfimUiyow to oe againfe him, or any of them. And I do faithfully prormfe? to the -utmost of my power to support? maintain and defend the Jiucession of the crown against him the said James, and all other persons what--fewer? which Juccession? by an all? intituled? An act for the further -limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject, is and Hands limited to the prmcefs Sophia, ileftorefs and dutchess dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being pretefeants. And all these things I do plainly and Jmcaneh qcr knowledge and swear ? according to these express words by me Jpoken?

1 and according to the plain and common sense and understanding rf

the fame words? without any equivocation? mental tvafion? or fearft reservation whatsoever. And I do make this recognition? acknowledgment? renunciation and promfe? heartily? willingly and truly?, upon the true faith of a chrifeian.

So help me God.

^nt0 wWch oaths so taken, every such person so taking the tnelame. fame, shall subseribe his name, or if he cannot write, shall ..make his mark, and during the time of taking the said oaths, all pleas and proceedings in the said respective courts shall . cease; and all and every the said respe&ivc persons and officers, ..not having taken the said oaths, and subseribed the fame, as . aforesaid, shall on or before the twenty-third day of Jameary next, at the general or quarter-sessions for that county, riding, m r , liberty, city, borough, town corporate or place, where-he or SSSEr be, inhabit or reside on the first day of December next,

amity, See, take the said oaths in open court, between the said hours of where they nine and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, and subseribe his r*dc* name, or if he cannot write, make his mark under the fame.

1L And

1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Seat* % . C. r^: ‘igt

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, AH person* That all and every person "and persons that shall be admitted, b*^or® entred, placed or taken, into any office or offices, civil or mi- Aug°i7i5. litary, or shall receive any pay, ialary, fee or wages, by reason ihali be ad-of any patent or grant from his Majesty, or shall have com- mitted into mand or place of trust from or under his Majesty, or by his au- Ml®®®**&c* thority, or by authority derived from him, within that part of S^'^onthi Great Britain called England, or in his Majesty's navy, or in the take the fame ■sevenri islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or that shall be admitted oath at West-into any service or imployment in his Majesty's houshold or fa- jpinster or family, or of his royal highness George prince oi Wales, or of her where royal highness the princess of Wales, or their issue, and all ec-rcti&c* defiastical persons, heads or governors, of what denominations

soever, and all other members of colleges and halls in any university, that are or shall be of the foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any exhibition, being of, or as soon as they shall abstain the age of eighteen years, and all persons teaching or reading to pu;.>ils in any university, or elsewhere, and all school-masters and ushers,- and all preachers and teachers of separate congregations, high or chief constables, and every person who shall act as a serjeant at law, counsellor at law, barrister, advocate, attorney, solicitor, proctor, clerk or notary, byprao-tifing in any manner as such in any court or courts whatsoever 'within that part of Great Britain called England, who shall, at any time after the tenth day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, be admitted into, or enter upon any of the before-mentioned preferments, benefices, offices or places, or "lhall come into any such capacity, or shall take upon him or eaiedby "them any such practice, imployment or business, as aforesaid,

shall wimin three months after he or they shall be admitted into, iter provisitms

or enter upon any such preferment, benefice, office or place, or relation hereto,

come into such capacity, or take upon him or them such prao-

tice, imployment or business, as aforesaid, take and subseribe

the lame oaths in one of the said courts at Westminster, or at the

general quarter-sessions of the county, city or place, where he

or they shall reside.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons In "That all and every person or persons, as well peers as com- Scotland to moners, who by virtue of any act or acts made since the union ****

of the two kingdoms, were bound to take and subseribe the

* bath of allegiance, subseribe the assurance, and to take and sign and subseribe

* the oath of abjuration, for or on account of any office, civil or the afliirance

military, or any other cause or occasion, within Scotland, shall f

on or before.the first day of December one thousand seven him- the church of dred and fifteen, take and subseribe the oath of abjuration Scotland fa-

. above-mentioned, and shall take and subseribe the said oath of vouredin re-allegiance, and subseribe the afiuranCe in the words following,

. videlicet. 5 Geo. 1. ?

c. *9. f. 6*

1A.B,

tyl Aono prime Georgii I. Stat.2. c.i$. {17144

I A. B. do fincereh promise and swear9 That I will be feuthfel, and bear true allegiance to his Majesty King -George.

So help me God.

Theafiurance. T A. B. do9 in the Jincerity of my heart, ajfert9 acknowledge and JL declare, That his majesty King George is the only lawful and undoubted sovereign of the realm9 as well de jure, that ts9 of right, King9 as de fadto, that is, in the possession and exercise of the government ; and therefore I do sincerely and faithfully promise and engage 9 That I will, with heart and hand9 life and goods, maintain and defend his Majesty*s title and government, against the ferfen pretended to be prince of Wales, during the life of the late King James, and fence his decease, pretending to be9 and taking upon himself the stile and title of King of England, by the name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, or the stile and title of King of Great Britain, and his adherents, and all other enemies, who either by open or secret attempts, shall disturb or disquiet his Majesty in the poftession and exercise thereof

And that in such courts, and within such times limited, before such judges, in such manner, and to be certified as in and by the several a As generally above-mentioned is directed.

IV. Jnd whereas certain doubts and Jcruples have arisen con-6 Ann. c. »j. cerning the sense and meaning of the clause following, contained in an act made in thefixth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act to make further provision for electing and summoning sixteen peers of Scotland, to fit in the house of peers in the parliament of Great Britain; and for trying peers for offences committed in Scotland; and for the further regulating of voters in elections of members to serve in parliament; whereby it is enacted, That every person who shall refuse to take the oath loft therein Aefore recited, or being a quaker, shall refuse to declare the effect thereof upon his solemn affirmation, as directed by an act of parliament made in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King William, intituled, An act that the solemn affirmation and de-7 & S W. 3. claration of the people called Quakers, shall be accepted instead c* H* of an oath in the usual form, (which oath or declaration the Jbt-

riff, president of the meeting, or chief officer taking the poll at any election of members to serve in the house of commons for any place in Great Britain, or commissioners for choosing burgesses for any place in Scotland, at the request of any candidate, or other person present at such election, are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall not be capable ofgiving any vote for the election of any such member to serve in the house of commons for any place in Great Britain* or commissioners to choose a burgess for any place in Scotland ; on account of which words, feme have pretended to vote in the meetings rf free elections in Scotland, at the choosing of the president and clerk of the meeting, without taking the oath mentioned in the last receited act, whereby it has happened that rolls of electors have been unduly made up, and wrong returns made; and alfe whereas divers of his

Majesty's

W

*93

.] Anna primo Georgii i. $tat 2. c.

f's good futjefls, tc/A* Aw/ g/v/» convincing marls of their to his royal person and government, have /erupted to take the A, apprehending that the reference in the said oath may be con-in feme respeits to be inconsistent with the eJiabUJbment of the in Scotland according to unv9 and to a chafe concerning oaths epefed in Scotland after the uniony contained in an act made Parliament of Scotland in the year one thousand /even hundred jtn9 intituled, An act for securing the protestant religion, elbyterian church government; which ait is declared to be a cental and essential condition of the treaty of union; to the end Persont fn >re that the said scruples, and all mistakes and divisions Scotland «-ount of the fame may cease, be it further enacted god de- th^,[ura-by the authority aforesaid* That every person who shall tion, incapa-to take the aforesaid oath of abjuration, or being a citated to vote shall refuse to declare the effect thereof upon his solemn at clcitiom. -ition, in manner aforesaid (which oath and declaration :mber last elected for any county or stewartry in Scotland, us absence the sheriff or ftewarrs clerk, until a person be . to proceed (a) in the said meeting, according to the di- (a) Examined ts contained in the twenty-first ad of the third parliament w*fA the record. ig Charles the Second, held in Scotland, intituled. Ait con-\tbe eleHion of commifjmers for /hires y and after such choice xfon so chosen to proceed, or any person chosen to pro*

1 any meeting of any county or stewartry there, in which it elections shall happen to oe made up, is hereby autho* and required to administer, at the request of any candi* r other person present at such meeting for election, before x the choosing of the president of the meeting, of making the rolls) shall not be capable of giving any vote for the n of a president of the .meeting, making up of the rolls, any member to serve in the house of commons for any in Scotland\ or commissioner to choose a burgess for any there; and further, that by no words in the said oath or formerly imposed, contained, it is or was meant to his Majesty's said subjedsto any act or alts any ways in« ent with the establilhment of the church of Scotland ac-ig to law.

And be it also further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Heads, &c. of all heads, mailers and members of colleges, halls, or colleges, &c. in the universities of Saint Andrew, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Jak^^oatluk dinburghy and also all probationers or licentiates of divi-before they enter upon their trials, or obtain licences to 1, and all schoolmasters in Scotland, shall take and fub-the aforesaid oaths, and subseribe the aforesaid ^durance ited to be taken for offices, civil and military, and other in Scotland\ before such judges, and obtain such cevti* t, as in and by this att, or the acts whereunto relation is y had, directed.

. Provided, That nothing in this a<5l contained shall ex- ^ ^ extend o any person now beyond the fcas, who by virtue of this to prrfons height to take the said oaths, so as such penon do, within.y°»d ,ea? Hha l. XIII. O three x*ke ,he °“h*

Aono prlmo Georgii 1. Seat. i. c. i } (17f+J

in three three months after his return to Great Britain, take the said

months after oaths, and subscribe thereunto according to the appointment of they return. ^

Penalty of re- VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fusing the That all and every the person and persons aforesaid, that do or 8> shall neglect or refuse to take the said oaths, and subscribe

thereto, as aforesaid, in the said courts and places, and at the respective times aforesaid, shall be ipso facto adjudged incapable, and disabled in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, to have, occupy or enjoy the said office or offices, imployment or imployments, or any part of them, or any matter or thing aforesaid, or any profit or advantage appertaining to them, or any of them; and every such office or place, imployment or imployments, shall be void, and is hereby adjudged void. Faulty of aff- VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such

ing as officers, person and persons who shall ncgleA and refuse to take the said ini? taken*the oaths,- within the times, and at the places aforesaid, and yet oaths. after such neglect or rcfofal shall, by himself or themselves, nis

or their deputy or trustee, execute any of the said offices or im-ployments after the said time is expired, wherein he or they ought to have taken the said oaths according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and being thereof lawfully convicted in or upon any information, presentment or indictment, in any of the King's courts at Westminster, or at the affixes, upon prose-cution before the court of judiciary, or circuits in Scotland, every such person or persons shall be di&bled from thenceforth to sue or use any action, bill, plaint or information in any court of law, or to prosecute any suit in any court of equity, or to be guardian of any child, or executor or administrator of any person, or capable of any legacy or deed of gift, or to be in any office within this realm of Great Britain, or to vote at any election for members to serve in parliament, and shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them that shall sue for the fame, to be prosecuted by any action of debt, suit, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, wherein no efioin, protection or wager of law shall lie, or any more than one imparlance, and by way of fummar complaint before the court of sessions, or prosecution before the court of judiciary in Scotland'.

Persons taking IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be rtic ^tha‘n|j0a lawful, to and for the respective courts aforesaid, to give and reciter to be administer the oaths aforesaid, to the person and persons afore-kept to enter said, and upon due tender of any person or persons to take the their names, said oaths, the said courts are hereby required and enjoined to administer the fame; for the taking and subseribing the said oaths the proper officer shall have, take and receive of every person, so taking and subseribing the find oaths, the f««« of two shillings, and no more; of the taking and subseribing whereof a register shall be kept in a book to be provided for that purpose, by the proper officer, where the names of all such persons, who shall take and subscribe the said oaths, shall be fairly a written,

tyH-) Anno primo Georgii I. Staf. 2. c. 13. 19^

Written, and when they took and subseribed the fame, to which said register any person may resort, and inspe<ft the fame without fee or reward.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Two justices, fill to and for two or more justices of peace, or any other per- may ten-ion or persons who shall be by his Majesty for that purpose specially appointed, by order in the privy council, or by com- person^ mission under the great seal, to admmifter and tender the oaths ^ '

herein before appointed to be taken, to any person or persons Whatsoever, whom they shall or may fufpelt to be dangerous or difaffe<sted to his Majesty or his government; and' if any person or persons to whom the said oaths shall be so tendred, mall neglect or refuse to take the fame, such justices, or any other person or persons specially to be appointed, as aforesaid, ten-dring the said oaths, shall certify the refusal thereof to the next quarter-sessions of the county, riding, liberty, city, borough, andcertify the town corporate or place in which such refusal shall be made; refusal to the and the said refusal shall be recorded amongst the rolls of that next felons, sessions, and shall be from thence certified by the clerk of the peace of such county, riding, liberty, city, borough, town cor-

Crate or place, - into his Majesty's court of chancery or king'st0 nch, court of sessions, or court of judiciary in Scotland\ there ch^cery°&ct to be recorded amongst the rolls of the said courts, in a roll or rolls there to be provided and kept for that purpose only, and that every person so neglecting or refuting to take the said oaths, an£ persons shall be from the time of his neglect or refusal, taken, esteemed **

and adjudged a popish recusant convidt, and as such to forfeit pjfa rectfantt and be proceeded against. convict.

XI. And to the intent and purpose, that no person may avoid taking the several oaths in this act particularly mentioned, upon any pretence tvbatsoever; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Puntthmentof That it shall and may be lawful unto and for two or more juf- persons sum-tices of the peace, or any other such person or persons, who [?on>d by iu^ shall be by his Majesty for that purpose specially appointed, by apC-~

order in the privy council, or by commission under the great pear and take seal, by writing under their hands and seals, to summon any the oaths, person to appear before them at a certain day and time therein to be appointed, to take the said oaths, which said summons shall be served upon such person, or left at his dwelling-house, or usual place of abode, with one of the family there ; and if such person who shall be so summoned, neglects or refuses to appear according to such summons, that then upon due proof to be made upon oath of the serving the said summons, which oath such justices, or any other person or persons specially to be appointed, as aforesaid, are hereby enabled to administer, such justices, or any other person or persons, specially to be appointed, as afonsfirid, are hereby required to certify the fame to the next general quarter-sessions of the peace to be holden for such county, riding, liberty, city, borough, town corporate or place, there to be entred upon the foils of the said sessions j and

Q 2 If

196 Anno primo Georgii I« Stats. c.i£ (1714?

if such person who shall be so summoned to take the said oaths,* as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear and take the said oaths at the said general quarter-sessions, the names of the persons so certified being publickly read at the first meeting at the said sessions, That then and in such case such person shall be taken, esteemed and adjudged a popish recusant convict, and ts such, to forfeit and be proceeded against as if such person had actually refused to take the said oaths; and the same shall be from thence certified by the clerk of the peace of such county, riding, liberty, city, borough, town corporate, or place, into his Majesty's high court of chancery or king's bench, court of session, or court of judiciary in Scotland, there to be recorded amongst the rolls of the said courts, in a roll or rolls there to be provided and kept for that purpose only.

Heads kc.of And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

colleges, &c. That if any head or member of any college or hall within either in Oxford and of the udiverftties of Oxford or Cambridge, that are or shall be Cambridge, of the foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any exhibition, being the (or as ^oon as attain) the age of eighteen years, shall

person in neglect or refuse to take and subseribe the several oaths in this

whom the ad mentioned, according to the true intent and meaning of this

right of elec* aft, or to produce a certificate thereof, under the hand of some Seftinff^ome 9*°?** officer of the refoeftive court, and cause the fame to be proper person entred in the register of such college or hall within one month in his place, after his having taken and subseribed the said oaths ; and if the the King may persons in whom the right of election of such head or member pmwiwtf, «c. ^ Jq negicft or refuse to elect some other fitting or pro-

per person, in the place or (lead of such head or member so neglecting and refusing to take and subseribe the said oaths, as aforesaid, by the space 'of twelve months after such neglect or refusal. That then, and from thenceforth, it shall and may be lawful unto and for the King's most excellent majesty, his heir$ and fuccefibrs, under the great seal or sign manual, to nominate and appoint some fitting person, qualified according to the local statutes of such college or hall, to succeed to the place of such person who shall neglect or refuse to take and subseribe the said oaths; and that every person so to be nominated and appointed, shall have and enjoy such place, to which he shall be nominated and appointed, as aforesaid, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and all benefits, privileges and advantages to the fame belonging and appertaining, as if such person had been elected and chosen by the proper electors of such college or hall.

The King's XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bench may if- That if the head of any college or hall in either of the univer-®t,es> or ot^cr Perf°n or persons lawfully authorized to admit, pel the adrnif- refuse or neglect to admit such persons (o nominated and Son of a per- appointed under the great seal or sign manual, as aforesaid, by (bn (b named, jbe space of ten days after such ddmission shall be demanded of him or them, who ought to make such admission, to such place as he shall be nominated to, as aforesaid. That then and in

such

197

1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 13.

liich case the local visitor or visitors of such college or hall is hereby authorized and required to admit and place such person so nominated and appointed, to such place as he shall be nominated to, as aforesaid, within the space of one month after the fame shall be demanded of such visitor; and in case such visitor shall neglect or refuse to admit, as aforesaid, during the space of one month after the fame is lawfully demanded of such visitor.

That then it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of king's bench at Westminster, to issue out a writ of Mandamus to be directed to such viator or visitors, to admit such person to such place, and to proceed upon the said writ, according to the course of the said court in such cases.

XIV. Provided always, That any person who, by any neg- Officer having

led! or refusal according tQ this act, shall lose or forfeit any of- forfeited fice, may be capable of a new grant of the said office, or or any *,*n<

other, and have and hold the fame again, such person taking king the oath* the said oaths in such manner as aforesaid, so as such office be

not granted to, or actually enjoyed by some person at the time of regranting thereof.

XV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be^This act fliatl

construed to extend to any person in his Majesty's service on no*5xtc”f to board the fleet, or to any person whatsoever who shall go be-™^nfeafwho yond the seas before the first day of November next, so as such foaii take the person take the said oaths, and subscribe thereunto, as afore-oaths in three said, according to the appointment of this act, within three months after llionths after his return. thwr

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After Sept. *9,

That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September in the ,7,5*N° .

year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, no ^iThouse of* person that now is, or hereafter shall be a peer of this realm, or parliament member of the house of peers, shall vote, or make his proxy in shall be capa-the house of peers, or fit there, during any debate in the said |?1e of.,*?**?& house of peers j nor any person that now is, or hereafter shall theab^ be a member of the house of commons, shall vote in the house juration.

of commons, or fit there during any debate in the said house of commons, after their speaker is chosen ; until such peer or member shall, from time to time, respectively take the abjuration-oath aforesaid, instead of the oath of abjuration which ber fore by law ought to have been taken, in such manner, and together with such other oaths, and declaration against transub-ftantiation, as the said former oath of abjuration ought to have been taken.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person that Punj^ment of now is, or hereafter shall be a peer of this realm, or member of members pre-the house of peers, or member of the house of commons, in fuming to this or any succeeding parliament, and after the said twenty- VQtc>

ninth day of September presume to vote, or make his proxy, not having taken the said oath, and subseribed the fame, as aforesaid, every such peer or member so offending shall be disabled to sue, or use any action, bill, plaint, or information in any Cpurt of law, qr tp prosecute any suit in any court of equity, of

o 3 W

198

Anno primo GeorcilJ. Stat. 2. e. rj. [<714*

fyall qualify himfeif,

*5 Car. 1.

to be guardian of any child, or executor or administrator of any person, or be capable of any legacy or deed of gift, or to be m any office within this realm of Great Britain, or to vote at any election for members to serve in parliament, and shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them that shall sue for the fame, to be prosecuted by action of debt, suit, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, wherein no eflfoin, protection, or wager of law shall lie, or any more than one imparlance, and by way of fummar complaint before the court of sessions, or prosecution before the court of judiciary in Scotland*

This aa not to XVIII. Provided, That neither this act, nor any thing ficers of°inhe-t*lere*n contained, shall extend, be judged, or interpreted to ritance, if a take away or make void any office of inheritance, so as such deputy be sub- person or persons having an office of inheritance, do or shall ftituted who fubditute and appoint his or their deputy or deputies, and such deputy or deputies shall qualify him or themselves, according to a proviso in the act made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for preventing dangers which way happen from popish recusants> and so as such deputy or deputies do likewise take and subseribe the oaths in and by this present act required and expreded, and lb as such deputy or deputies be, from time to time, approved of by the King's majesty under his privy dgnet.

XIX. Provided, That no office of inheritance in Scotland shall be forfeitable otherwise than according to the laws now in force there.

XX. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the office of any tithingman, headborough, overseer of the poor, church-wardens, surveyors of the highways, or any like inferior civil officer, or to any office of foreiter, or keeper of any park, chale, warren, or game, or bailiff of any manor or lands, nor to any like private offices, nor to any person or persons having only any the before-mentioned or the like offices, for or upon account of such offices only.

XXI. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein con? tained, shall not extend to any person who hath, (ince his Majesty's happy accession to the throne, taken the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and the abjuration oath, in any of the said courts at Westminster, or at the general quarter-sessions of the peace, or

Such offices in Scotland not

£rfei table, t according to the laws there.

This act not to extend to the office of any tithing-man, &c.

Nor to any who have taken the oaths (ince his Majesty's accession, except

on account of in either houses of parliament, unless by reason of such person's some new of- having some new office or imployment, or his coming hereafter ce< under some of the qualifications which require the taking the

oaths before-mentioned, by virtue of this act, or any other law now in being.

Persons oblig- XXII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted. That ed by any law all persons whatsoever, who, by virtue of any law now in being, to receive the are or wouid he obliged, if this act was not had or made, to re-fhalfconjinue cc*ve Sacrament according to the usage of the church of Eng-obliged. land, and to make and subseribe the declaration against transub-

ftantiadon

i7I4*3 Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 13. 199

ftantiation or either ef them, on any occasion whatsoever, shall continue obliged, in all such cases, to receive the said sacrament, and make and subscribe the said declaration, together with the oaths appointed by this act, in such manner,* and under such penalties in case of neglect, as is required by any former law.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the autho- Persons taking rity aforesaid, That all and every person or persons, who shall* the oaths, See. on or before the first of December next, take and subscribe the before Dec. 1. oaths in such manner as is appointed in this act, and also re- fromallpenal-ceive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the usage ties, See.

of the church of England, and make and subscribe the declaration against transubstantiation, in those cases where the sacrament ought to have been received, and the said declaration ought to have been made and subseribed, and has been neglcded, shall be and are hereby indemnified from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities incurred by any former neglect or omission of taking or fhbfcribing the oaths, or receiving the sacrament, or subseribing the aforesaid declaration, according to any former act or acts concerning persons in offices or places of trust, and is, are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the fame state and condition as before such neglect or omission.

XXIV. Provided also, That all and every person who has, likewise all

at any time since his Majesty's happy accession to the crown, w^o have taken the oaths, and taken and subseribed the abjuration, and

also subseribed the declaration, and received the sacrament, in Majesty's ac-such cases where the sacrament ought to have been received, and ce®on.

the said declaration ought to have been subseribed, according to any act or acts concerning persons in offices or pla/ces of trust,

shall likewise be, and are hereby indemnified, as aforesaid, though the fame has not been within the time appointed by law.

XXV. Provided always, That no person or persons, who by NQf^rfonwho reason of any such neglect or omission hath or have left or for- ^ccl&c. feited any office, benefice, place, dignity, or imployment what- shall be re'ito- soever, to which any other person or persons hath or have been red if another preferred or promoted, shall be restored to such office, benefice, he promoted, place, dignity, or imployment; any thing herein contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, That any person or persons who pophh rear-(hall become popish recusants convict, by virtue of any thing in fants conoid this act contained, and shall at anytime thereafter take and mb- |y this.ad, feribe the oaths, and make and subscribe the declaration, and barged on subscribe the assurance, in such manner, and in such place, as takir^ the is appointed by this act, shall be and are hereby, from such oaths, time, discharged from such conviction.

XXVII. Provided always, That the oath of abjuration, and Th,s abJ^ra" the assurance in this act contained, shall in all cases be taken ^iTin lieu to be in lieu of the oath of abjuration, and the assurance for- of the former, merly appointed.

XXVIII. And whereas in and by an att of parliament made in Reward for the last fejfirn of parliament, and in the first year of his Mayfly's taking the

O 4 n'ign %

zoo Anno primo Georgji I. Stat. 2. c. |j. f 1714.

pretender reign,, intituled, An act for the better support of his Majesty'i

s *'stat* houshold, and of the honour and dignity of the crpwn of

Britain, ;/ w enacted. That the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, Jbo\dd^ and ore thereby authorized and required, out of any monies granted qr to b{ granted by parliament, for the use of the publick, forthwith to iffie and pay the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, to any person or persons> who should seize and secure the person of the pretender % whenever he should landy or attempt to land in any of his Majestfs dominions ; to the end that the encouragement and reward for a fervitefi important, may be rendered sure and effectual; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord high treasurer of Great Britain % or the comrpiflioners of the treasury for the time being, shall and are hereby authorized and required, out of any mo* nies granted, or to oe granted by parliament, to the use of the publick, forthwith to lflue the sum of one hundred thousand pounds to any person or persons, being natives or foreigners, who shall seize or secure, alive or dead, the person of the pretender, whenever be shall land, or attempt to land in Great Britain ox Ireland^ or any other his Majesty's dominions; and jf any of the persons who have adhered to, or aflirted, or who shall adhere to, or assist the said pretender, shall seize and secure him, as aforesaid, he or they who shall so seize and secure him, shall have his Majesty's gracious general pardon, and shall also receive the said reward, to be paid in qnanner aforesaid.

To goto the JCXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any person

exccator»,&c.or persons, natives or foreigners, shall happen to be (tilled in fciilvnn ing seizing or securing, alive or dead, the person of the said prelum. 5 tender, as aforesaid. That then their executors or adminiltrar tors, or such person or persons, to whom the tight of adtnini-stration of the personal estate of each person so killed shall belong, (l>a)l have and receive respectively, the fame share and proportion of the said one hundred thousand pounds, as their several and refpc&iye testators or intestates would have been entitled untp had they been living.

TheKingmay XXX. And it is further enabled. That it shall and may he imTOwct pcr" law^ fr>rhis Msyefty to grant a commission or commissions, un-fonsto ad mi- der the great fcai of Great Britain, to such person or persons as niiter the oaths to him lnall seem meet, to impower him or them to administer to officers, the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and of abjuration, in ^hose'names mentioned, to all and every officer and - officers in his

shall be"regi! Majesty's service, either by sea or land, and all and every sea-fter'd and re- man and seamen, and private soldiers ; and such sea anp land turned into officers, and seamen and soldiers,. are hereby enjoined and re-f ffi PCb3 bag <lu*rc<*to ta^c t*ie fame, upon the pains and penalties in this a St FebTi. 1715. mentioned in case of refusal thereof; and that upon taking the said oaths.such officer and officers, seamen and soldiers, do subscribe the feme upon a roll to ^be kept by the person or peribos who shall administer the fame, which roll such person as hath pr shall h&ve the keeping thereof shall, on or before the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, deliver into

the

1714*] i^no primp GeoRGHI. StaL2. €.14; 201

the office of the jpetty-bag in the court of chancery, there to be kept upon record.

XXXI. Provided always, That no staman or soldier, under No teaman,

the degree of a commission or warrant-officer, shall be obliged &c* to pay any to ray any fee or reward on taking the said oaths. **'

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contain- Not to extend pd shall extend to the office of the lord great chamberlain of to the office of

England, (9 as the lord great chamberlain for the time being do lydgpeat , or shall substitute and appoint his sufficient deputy, who (nail cila,nberi*,,, have taken the oaths aforefiiid J any thing in this a ftto the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further epafted by the authority afore- The fame ab-

said, That from and after the nii>e and twentieth day of Septem- juration to be her one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the fame oath of abjuration by this act appointed to be taken in Great sept.** iyij.

shall be the oath of abjuration to be taken in the kingdom of

Ireland, and no other; and that the indemnities above-mentioned be and are hereby extended to the said kingdom of Ireland,

CAP. XIV.

jin a3 for making the militia of that part of Great Britain called England more useful, and for obliging an annual account to be made of trophy-money.

WHEREAS by an all of parliament made in the thirteenth Reciting the year of the reign of the late fang Charles the Second, inti- *l piled, An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this c‘ ** kingdom, it was (amongji other things) ena That in case of irrya-

fions, infurreflions or rebellions, whereby accafton should be to draw out the

soldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the said all, into fer-vict, the per font charged by the said ail with and ,

or with foot soldiers and arms,should provide each their soldiers respec-

tiyely with pay in hand, not exceeding one month's pay, as should be in that bjhalf dir cited by the respeilive lieutenants of the several counties, and in their absence, or otberwifeby their direHions, by their deputies, or any three or more of them-, for repayment of which laid monies, and forfatisj afiiott of the officers for their pay during such ttmey not exceeding one month, as aforefatdy as they shall be with their soldiers in attud service$ it was thereby declaredy That provision should be made for the fame by his said Majesty, his heirs and fucceJforsy out of his or their publick treasury or revenue \ neverthelejsy it was thereby further provided and enactedy That in ease a month's pay should be provided and advanced, as aforesaid, no person who Jbbuld have advanced his proportion thereof should be charged with any other like month's paymenty until he or they should be re-imbursed the said month's pay, and so from time to time, the said month's pay by him or themlajl provided and advanced, as aforesaid: and whereas in the late war it ipas found necessary for the publick defence and safety, to draw out the said soldiers into attual service, and to charge the said persons to Provide each their soldiers respectively with pay in hand, although the ftcnfb'f pay by several of them before that time provided and advanced

102 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c.r4.' [1714;

ted was not nor could he reimbursed: and whereas it may he necessary for the publick safety and defence of this realm, to draw out the fad forces into actual service, more particularly at this time, when tumults and rebellions are fomented at home, supported by hopes of of 1^*^!^**4(!.ance frm a f9rr'&n invasion, be it therefore enacted by the erdv themi- King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-Htia in Eng- lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this land to be a present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, ^wn^tin- That if at any time or times hereafter it shall be found necessary TiceT*1^ Cr" his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for any of the purposes in the said recital aft mentioned, to draw out the said soldiers into actual service, and the fame shall be declared and signified to the respective lieutenants or deputy lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, cities and places of that part of Great Britain called England, and to the lord-warden of the cinoue-ports, two ancient towns and thehr members, or in his absence, to his lieutenant or lieutenants, by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it shall be lawful for the said lieutenants, or their deputies, or for any two or more of them, and for the lord-warden of the cinque-ports, two ancient towns, and their members, or in his absence, for his lieutenant or lieutenants, in pursuance of such orders from his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and in the manner prescribed by the aforesaid act, notwithstsnding one or more month's pay already advanced, be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the said soldiers Into actual service, and to cmd? the persons charged, as aforesaid, to provide each their soldiers with pay in hand, not exceeding one month's pay, in such manner as if all their pay already advanced and provided had been folly reimbursed and paid$ any thing in the said act of the month's pav thirteenth year of King Charles the Second, or in any other 13& 14 Cans, fohfequent act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwith-c. 3. Handing.

The militia of H* And whereas it may so happen that the entire militia of any any city, &c. county or counties, within that part of Great Britain called England, JD mar^h» ** cannot he assembled and got ready to march in so short a time, as ne-furre^onl111* may require, for the fupprejjing of infarreftions and rebellion, ^ ^ ffpeUffig ofinvasions: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, for the proper persons impowered, as aforesaid, to raise, draw out and march such part of the militia of any etty, town, borough, riding, district or county, as they shall judge mod ready, proper and convenient for the purposes aforesaid; and the pay and expence advanced and laid out by the persons chargeable to and for such part of the miU-The pay ad- tia so imployed, shall be repaid and made good to them, within vanced to be the space of (ix months after such money is advanced, by such repaid in fix- persons chargeable to such part of the militia of any county, city, months. riding or place so imployed, by an aflefiment according to an equal pound-rate, to be laid and aflfefled throughout the whole county, riding, city or place to which they belong, for the bearing the charge of such part of the militia so called out, the said

The persons charged to

proTide their soldiers with pay, not exceeding one month's i

2714*1 Anno prime* Georgii L Stat.i. c. 14; tog

pound-rate to be aflefied upon and paid by such persons, and in ruch proportions as they are chargeable to the militia, according to such directions as shall be given, from time to time, by the said respective lieutenants, or their deputies, or any two or more of them, who are hereby impowered and required to make and levy, and to cause to be made and levied such assessment, imder the like penalties and forfeitures, and by the like ways and means, as the commissioners appointed in an act of this pre-

lent session of parliament, for collating the land-tax granted to his Majesty, are impowered to make and levy the afledment for the said land-tax.

HI. And whereas the arms and accoutrements 'directed to be pro- Accoutres vided for horse and foot soldiers of the militia, by former atts of parliament, art in a great measure become useless; be it further en- pcovided. acted by the authority aforesaid, That it mall and may be law- By 9 Geo. 1. ful for the several lieutenants, and their deputies, in that parte: 8* 7- thi of Great Britain called England, to cause and oblige the several persons chargeable to the militia, to provide for every horse and ,4, length, &e. Korfeman, a broad sword, a case of pistols, the barrels whereof of the mukets, to be twelve inches long, and a carabine with belt and bucket, a great faddle or pan with burrs and (traps, a bitt and bridle with peCtoral and crupper; and for every root soldier a mulket, the barrel whereof to be five foot long, the gage of the bore for bullets of twelve to the pound, with a bayonet to fix on the muzzle thereof, a cartouch-box, and a sword, under the fame penalties, and by the fame ways and means, as they might have compelled the said persons to have provided arms before for their soldiers, by virtue of any former act or acts, any thing in any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such money as Receiven of' hath been or shall be raised as for trophy-money, by virtue of trophy-money any law relating to the militia of England^ the pcrlon or per- **

fons receiving the fame shall and are hereby required to account for the fame, before the justices of the peace at some general

Suarter sessions of the peace in the respective county, riding, ivision, city or place, (that is tQ fay) For such money as is already received on or before the first day of February next, and for such monies as shall be received hereafter, within twelve months after the receipt thereof, and to pay the balance which shall be found due by the juftioes on such account within the space of one month then next en filing, to the treasurer os treasurers, clerk or clerks, for the time being, appointed to receive and pay the monies to be levied by virtue of any the said acts relating to the militia, or in default thereof the person or per- Penalty for fons so receiving such money shall forfeit and pay treble the sum pot account-unaccounted for or unpaid, the one moiety to the use of the respective county, riding, division, city or place, as such justices shall appoint, the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West-

tninfer,

204

Treaforers to give security.

Anno primo Georgii I. Scat.-2. 0,14; [1714*

ery wherein no protection, essoin or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such person or persons who shall be appointed treasurer or treaforers^ to receive and pay the monies to be levied by virtue of this act for the use of the militia, shall within three months after his or their said appointment, give such security for the due execution of the said office before three or more deputy lieutenants of the respective county, riding, division, city or place, as shall be by them approved; and such person or persons as are already appointed treasurer or treasurers for the said purposes, shall give the like security on or before the first day of November, one thousand fqven hundred and fifteen.

VI. And whereas fence the thirteenth day of February which was in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and eighty eighty several clerks have been employed under the lieutenants, or their de-futy lieutenants, in affairs relating to the militia, which clerks or others have in their hands or power refteftively, several books or other papers concerning the famey and which are or may be of use in execution of the powers contained in this all: be it therefore enacted

Former clerks, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to k ° £!iver anc* ^or lieutenants, and the deputy-lieutenants of any coun-*>0 ** &c‘ ty, city, riding, town or place in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy or any two or more of them, upon information that any such books or papers are in the hands or power of any such former clerk or other person, to issue their warrant, requiring such former clerk or other person or persons, to deliver the fame to such clerk or person as in such warrant or warrants shall Penalty of re- be named $ and if such former clerk or person so required shall fating to de- refuse or neglect to deliver such book or hooks, paper or papers, according to such warrant, within ten days after such demand thereof, or do not within ten days after such demand make oath Jbcfore jome justice or justicesof the peace, affirming, that such book or books, paper or papers, are not in his, her, or their power, or if such clerk or person, being a Quakery do not make an affirmation to the fame purpose, which oath and affirmation shall be delivered to the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants who sign the said warrants, or one or more of them, then every such person so refilling or neglecting shall forfeit the sum of onehunv dred pounds, the one moiety to the use of the respective coun-f tv, riding, division, city or place, in such manner as such justices (nail appoint, the other moiety to the person or persons who shall fpe for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint or inform mation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wefeminflery wherein no protection, effoin, wager of law, nor any more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord warden of the cinque-ports, two ancient

have the fame towns, and their members, and in his abience his lieutenant or powersailieu- lieutenants, shall and may put in execution within the said ports, towps and members, all the powers and authorities given and

granted

liver them-

Warden, &c. of cinque-porrs shall

trnrmts of counties.

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c f+. 205

d by this act, and to execute and perform all and every ings therein contained, in the like manner as the respec-eutenants of the counties, and their deputies' may do; and Inhabitants of he inhabitants of the Cud ports, towns and members, be- the cinque-1 regard of their lituation on the sea-coast, charged with a r proportion of arms and armed men than other parts of counties ngdom, shall not be charged with arms or armed men in for their e-mnties adjacent for their estates there lying, save only for totes there, proportion as they are liable unto, and either are not, or not be charged with within the said ports, towns and mem-any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any wise ithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act con-This 1 shall extend to take away any right of the lieutenants of of*^

ity of London, of assessing, levying and collecting of all rates the lieutenants Jleffments upon the inhabitants of the said city, and the of Londons ies thereof, or any other right or power which is now vest-the lieutenants of the said city by any former act or alts rriiament.

I. Provided nevertheleft, That nothing in this act contain- Norct,arBC all extend or be construed to extend to make any person wy per^ jeable to the militia, tha£ is not already chargeable by law not already e lame, or to enlarge the power of the lieutenants, or their chargeable, ties, in any kind beyond the authority already given them JJJjjy lie acts of the thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth years of ^tenants/' ; Charles the Second relating to the militia, saving only in >articular cases expressly directed and provided for by this pre-act; and that no penon who is by this act chargeable to the No person to ia, shall be obliged at any time or times hereafter to advance advance 5 than one month's pay to any horse or foot soldier, till such p”*1110111119 as the month's pay by such county, city, rising or place,p »be advanced, shall nave been repaia and made good to such ity, city, riding or place, by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-irs, out of his or their pubfick treasury or revenue.

!. Provided always, That the power and authority hereby Part of the act n to raise, draw out or march part of the militia of any ity, city or place, shall have continuance only for and dur- 9

the space of five years, and from thence to the end of the 1 next session of parliament. . By 9 Geo. 1. c. i.mf. 6. This s revived for [even years. See 9 Geo. 1. c. 8. j. 7. ft vide fta~ i Geo. 2. and Geo. 3.

CAfc

to6 Anno primo GE'oRGti L Stat.2. c. fijS fijri#

CAP. XV.

An act to make an act of the tenth yeat of hCr late Afajefoi intituled, An act for regulating, improving and encouraging of the woollen manufacture of mixt or medley broad-cloth, and for the better payment of the poor imployed therein, more effectual for the benefit of trait in general; and also to render more effectual an act of tht seventh year of her said Majesty's retgn % intituled, An act for the better ascertaining the lengths and breadths of woollen cloth made in the county of York.

xoAnn. c. i6. \KT HERE AS an act passed in the tenth year of her late Mb* VV jejtfs reign, intituled, An act for regulating, improving and encouraging the woollen manufacture of mixt or medley bfoad-cloth, aid for the better payment of the poor imployed therein, hath proved ineffectual to prevent the abuses committed it making and measuring the said cloth, to the great disreputation of the said manufacture abroad, and discouragement of the good makers end fair dealers therein; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by thd King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, id this present parliament afletnHed, and by the authority of tbd Ilow broad* fame, That from and after the twentieth day of September one ** tkoufand tom hundred and fifteen, all mixt or medley broad- cloth shall at the instance and request of any buyer, for proof thereof, be put into water, (as by ancient custom they ufuadly were) and then measured by any two indifferent persons to be appoint* ed and chosen, one oy the buyer, and another by the feller ctf the said cloth, and in case they disagree in ascertaining the length and breadth of the said doth, then the said admeasurement fnaH be made by a third person, chosen and nominated by the said two persons appointed as aforesaid; and in case the said two persons shall neglect or refiife, within the space of two hours, to chuse or nominate such third person, or if such third person fb chosen shall neglect or refiife to take upon him the adraeaforre-ment of the said cloth, at the request of the feller or buyer thereof, then such admeasurement (if in London) finally shall be made and determined by the keeper of Blackwell-Hall, who shall be fwom before some justice of the peace (which justice is hereby impowered to administer such oath) That he will well and truly perform such measuring, and be obliged to act for that purpose* and the admeasurement so made shall be conclusive on all parties, and accordingly be the rule of payment to the buyer; and if elsewhere than in "London^ the said cloth shall be measured by any two indifferent persons, as aforesaid, and in case they dil* agree therein, or refuse to make such admeasurement, or neglect or refuse to appoint a third person for such admeasurement, as aforesaid, then a fit person shall be nominated and appointed by the chief magistrate or chief officer of such city, town or place,

where

r.7i4‘] Apno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 15. 207

vhere the said cloth shall happen to be sold, which laid magi-Irate or chief officer, as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and retired to appoint and swear such person, which person so ap->ointed shall be and is hereby obliged to be fwom, and to a St or the purpose aforesaid, which said person or persons deter- Forfeiture for pining the measure of the said cloth (nail have and receive fix- * quantity >pnce, and no more, for each piece of cloth which shall be by m iim or them lb measured, to be paid by the buyer of the said SSthdun doth; and if upon such admeasurement, as aforesaid, there shall mentioned in x found a less or smaller content or quantity of doth in length, the leal* v the greatest part of the breadth, than is mentioned in the seal

seals directed by the said former act, to be fixed to such cloth y, the mailer, occupier or millman of the fulling-mill; in evexy uch case, every dothier, owner or feller of such doth, shall nrfeit and pay the sixth part of the value of every such doth, to lie uses as is afterwards herein provided for by this act; and he laid forfeiture shall be paid by the buyer, and by him deluded out of the price of the said doth so found to be wanting To be paid by n measure, as aforesaid, upon payment of the lame, upon a rertificate thereof made by any of the said persons or perfonmcc* measuring the fame, and upon such persons or person aforesaid ^ Making oath thereof before any justice of peace, which oath such justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to admi-'

(lifter, and thereof to give the said person or persons a certificate without fee or reward; and all such sums of money which the To be repaid clothier, owner or fdler of any such cloth, shall forfeit and pay by the master, upon account of such fraudulent seal of the master, occupier or.^*0^^^1* millman of the-falling-mill, being fixed to the said cloth, shall firol'tU' £aU upon demand be repaid by the said master, occupier or millman of the fulling-mill, who affixed the said seal, to such clothier, owner or feller of such cloth $ any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Mailer of a from and after the twenty ninth of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, it any owner, master, occupier or man of any fulling-mill, shall refuse or neglect to take the oath directed by by the said recited act directed to be taken by the owner, master so Ann. c. 16« or occupier of such fulling-mill, for his true performance of admeasurement of mixt or medley broad-cloth, or to fix a seal of or tofix .Mr lead at the head-end of every mixt or medley broad-cloth, be- See. fibre it is carried from the milt, mentioning his name, and the kngth and breadth of every such cloth in figures, or to enter in a book to be kept by such master, owner, occupier or mill-man, a fair and due register or entry of the marks, fort, number, length and breadth of every such cloth, or if any person or persons shall afterwards take off such seal, or deface, coun- aodperiont forfeit or alter the fame, or add any other seal before the cloth taking off, or is fold, except the millman who milled the said cloth, or some other fwom millman, who is in that case also to register the lame, fuc“ in manner aforesaid, every, person or persons so offending, being thereof lawfully conv&ed upon the oath of one or more credible

208

Ahfio primo GeorgIM. Stat. 2. 6. i5. '

dibit fritnefs or witnesses, shall for every such neglelt or offence flull forfeit xoL forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and dittri-buted as is afterwards provided for by this all, which forfeitures shall be taken and accepted in discharge of the forfeiture of twenty shillings a! doth that may be incurred by such matter* wwner, occupie? or millman, by virtue of the said recited addin' case of such riegttdf drfefufal of fixing or taking off such seal, or defacing, counterfeiting or altering the figures thereofr anything herein contained, or any law, custom or usage to the con- traiy notwithstandinsf.

A table to be III. Atti to the ena\there iriaj be the the fame method or aim-

provided in ner of measuring mixt or triedley ; be it further enacted HaUkfor the l"e *u*or*ty aforesaid, 'I'hatfrom and after the twenty-ninth measuring of ®* September one thousand feveri hundred and fifteen, the matter doth in Lon- or hall-keeper of Blachwell-HaUi at the cotts aftd charges of the-

don. governors of ChrifFs Hospita, fh'al) have in some convenient

place within the find hall, one table or board,- consisting of thirty' yards in length, to each of which yards shall be added one inch,-which shall be used instead of that called the thumb's breadth* so that each yard shall consist of thirty-seven inches, and shall be dittinguished by a nail, or other proper mark along the fiud table or board, and three foot wide at leatt, whereon the find cloth shall be doubled or crefied, and laid plain the flail length,. to prevent any dispute in respelt of such admeasurement by the yard, where the said admeasurement of any mixt or medley broad-cloth (if in London) by and upon the said table so to be1 placed there, shall be made and deterttoined, as aforesaid, and the said cloth shall, at the request of the feller, or his agent, be there put into water, into proper citterns to be provided for that purpose before such admeasurement shall be made. -The buyer to iV. And to prevent all undue amvidiom byferprif*, or ;

Sve notice to be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the buyer e- feller, of mixt or medley broad-cloths, by hifflfelf, his Kent or fer-Utobewettetf vant» within six days after delivery thereof to the buyer, shall

!rive two days notice to the feller or his faltor, of the time when uch doth is, for proof thereof, to be wetted and tried by the water, unless it be by the content of the buyer and feUer, or their respective agents, signified in writing, in which case, left And if the fel-notice mail be efficient; and in case the feller, or his falter ler do not at- or agent, doth not appoint an indifferent person, as aforesaid, tend,the buyer or <joth refuse or neglelt to attend the admeasurement of the said to*provTthe doth, which shall be made fonte time within the space of eight cloth, and the days after delivery, as aforesaid, then the buylr or his agent, keeper of may proceed in the absence of the said feller of his agent, to prove the said ploth by the water at ; and then

sure the same, t*,e ^keeper of Blackivtll-Hall shall proceed to take the mea-< and giveacer' sure thereof on the tabic, as aforesaid, and finally to adjudge and tificate of the ascertain the true measure and contents of the fame, and there-true measure j of to make a certificate, which certificate as also the other certificates, which may be made in manner aforesaid, shall, within ten days after such admeasurement taken, be filed with the

clerk

1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. ^. c. 25; 209

clerk of the peace for the county, city or place where such ad-measuremetit shall be taken, which certificate or certificates such clerk of the peace is hereby required to file among the records of such county or place, and for so doing shall receive only one shilling; and such certificate or certificates being so filed, as a- which shall be foresaid, shall be the rule of payment to the buyer, and shall be aconvittion deemed, adjudged and taken to be a sufficient conviction of the party or parties offending, so as to make him, her or them forfeit and pay, as aforesaid; and an attested copy of such certificate or certificates, such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, is hereby obliged to give to any person or persons demanding the fame, for which he shall receive one shilling, and no more; which attested copy, as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby declared to be a sufficient authority to enable the clothier, owner or feller of, any mixt or medley broad-cloth, to demand of the master, owner or occupier, or millman, the forfeitures deducted out of the price of any the cloths aforesaid, for want of length or breadth, contained in the seal or seals, as aforesaid; and upon refuial of payment, the said. master, owner, occupier or mill-man, shall be subject to the penalties and forfeitures, as afterwards is herein provided for by this a A.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority All broad-aforesaid. That all mixt or medley broad-cloths which shall bcclothsftall.be; sxposed to sale in England (other than cloth made before the commencement of this act) shall be stamped with the watch- measure- * treasure thereof on the seal of the master, owner, occupier or

millman of the fulling-mill, by whom the said cloth was wetted, fulled and milled; and every clothier felling or putting to clothiers fel-sale any of the said broad-doth, before such time as all and every line before of the lame cloths shall be sealed and stamped, as aforesaid, on jested and which foa 1 shall be specified.the name of the said mailer, owner, the° occupier or millman of the fulling-mill, together with the con- ft^thpart of tents of the said cloth in length and breadth, and marked with the doth, the distinguishing mark of a crown, which said mark shall be stamped on the rivet of the said seal, shall forfeit and pay the Gxth part of the said cloth, to be levied, paid and disposed of, as is afterwards herein provided for by this act, and to.no other ufo, intent or purpose whatsoever; any law, customor ullage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enabled and declared by The buyer to

the authority aforesaid, That all mixt or medley broad-cloths, pay no more made or to be made before the commencement of this act, may, ^de°before For proof thereof, be wetted and tried by water at the request of this act, than the buyer, as aforesaid; and if the lame shall be found upon the the true con-proof thereof, by any two indifferent persons to be chosen, one thereof 1

by the buyer, and another by the feller, or by the third person the,

by them to be chosen, or by the said keeper of Blackwell-Hall, to any penalty jis aforesaid to contain a less or smaller content in length or for ftort mea-breadth than is contained or specified in every the Feal or seals of fare.

the master, owner, occupier or millman of the fulling-mill or fulling-mills, then the said buyer or his agent shall be obliged to VoIm.XHL P accept

2io Anno primo GeoRgiI I. Stat. a. C. 15. [17144

accept of the said cloth*, and pay no more than for the true contents thereof ascertained and settled by the said measuremenf, as aforesaid, and the clothier, owner or feller, shall not be subject to any penalty for such short measure; any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Offence* to be VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

determined by That all offences against this act (half be heard and determined justice* of the by one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, te*cc' city, town or place where the fame shall be discovered, or where such offender doth inhabit, such justice or justices being not con*' cemed in the matter of the said complaint, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath such iuftke at justices of the peace is and are hereby impoweied ana required Row the for- to administer: and that all and every the said penalties and forfeiture* shall feitures, which shall happen by virtue of this act, shall be dif-bedisposed. tributed and paid, after the charges of such conviction being first deducted, if in Ltndtn, to the use and benefit of Chriffs-Hospitaly if in any other place, to the use of the poor of the panlh, township or place where the offence shall be discovered; Tobe levied an^ in case any offender shall neglect or refuse to pay any such by diftref* in penalties and forfeitures, being lawfully demanded, by the space case of retufid of thirty days next after the conviction for such offence, as a-toP*X* foresaid, or in case the owner, master, occupier or miilman, fhaD refafe or neglect to repay the forfeiture for want of sufficient length or breadth of admeasurement, as aforesaid, that then (and not before) it shall and may be lawful for the justice or justices of the peace, before whom such conviction was made, or where such owner, master, occupier or millmah doth inhabit, and such justice or justices is ana are hereby required to HTue out one or more warrant or warrants, under his or their hands and seals, to the constable or constables of the parish, town or place where such offender shall inhabit or can be found, to levy the feme by distress and sale of the offender's goods, returning the overplus f if any be) to the owner, and where no sufficient distress can be round, to commit the offender to the common gaol, or house of correction for the county or place where such offender shall be found) there to be - kept to hard labour for and during the space of three calendar months. frefeetitioniB VIII. Provided always, That all offences committed against 40 day*. this act, saving in the case of the owner, master, occupier or miilman, upon refofal or neglect of repayment of the forfeitures for want of sufficient length or breadth in admeafbrement, as aforesaid, shall be prosecuted within forty days after the offences are committed or discovered.

Peribn* feed IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That may pkad the if any action or suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons,by this act authorized to put the fame recover treble *n execution, all and every, person or persons so fueu or prose-coA*. cuted, may plead the general issue, and give this act and die

special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff shall be non fluted, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or » * a

1714*7 Anno prime GfioUGii I. Stat. a. c. 15. 111

a verdiCt to pass against him, or judgment upon demurrer, the

defendant or defendants shall recover his or their treble costs,

for which he and they shall have like remedy as in cases where-*

in costs by law are given to defendants; and this a Ct shall be

taken and allowed a publick act in all courts within this king-

dom ; and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby requir- a Pub“ck

ed to take notice thereof as such, without special pleading the

fa me.

X. Provided always, That if any person or persons find him Persons ag-or themselves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any Fjj***! by t*1® justice or justices, upon any such conviction before him or them, pciuo as aforefidd, such person or persons may appeal to the nert ge- the sessions, neral quarter-fcffions of the peace to be held for the county, whofedeter-riding or corporation, where such conviction shall be made,

giving fulheient notice of such appeal; and the determination of ■?-

nich justices in such sessions shall be final, and the said justices low costs to* shall allow such costs and charges to the party aggrieved, as they the party ag-(hall think reasonable, to, be levied and paid in such manner aggrieved, is ufinri in other cases of appeals from the orders of any justice orjustices of the peace to the quarter-sessions.

XI. Provided, That nothing herein contained, or any the This act shall

penalties or forfeitures which by means of this act may be in- ^t

cuired, shall extend or be construed to extend to affect any fac-

for or hisp agent, who shall be only imployed in the sale or mixt or medley broad-cloth.

XII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Clothiers, &c.

That from and after the twenty ninth day of Septtmbtr one to P*y the.ir thousand seven hundred and fifteen, every clothier, cloth-worker, orT '

cord-maker, or any other person concerned in the trade of the forfeiture of * woollen manufacture, shall make payment in money to all and *qs.

every person and persons any ways imployed or concerned in the said woollen manufacture, for all work to be done in relation thereunto, and shall not in lieu of payment in money, impose upon or deliver to them, any or either of them, any sort of eoodsor wares whatsoever for such work; and in case any perron or persons shall in lieu of payment in money, so impose upon or deliver unto any workmen or poor labourers, any goods or wares whatsoever for, in lieu of, or in (lead of money, every person or persons so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered and distributed in such manner as in and by this act is directed.

XIII. And whereas by an a ft of parliament pqffed in the eighth 8 & 9 W. % end ninth years of his late majesty King William the Third* intituled, c- 9*

An act to restore the market of Blackwell-Hall to the clothiers, and for regulating the factors there, it is, amongst other things, provided and enacted, That if the owner of the cloth shall neglect to fui for any of the penalties and forfeitures he /ball be entitled to by virtue of the said act, by the Jpate of six months next after the offeree None but the committed, then it shall and may be lawful for any other person to sue owner of the for and recover the fame 5 and one moiety thereof /halt be to the use of unCrtlf-fis Majesty^ his heirs and fucteffors, and the other moiety to the in- SaoMor

P 2 former j not demand-

fence.

This act shall not extend to

authorities in the act of 7 Ann. c. 13

Length and breadth of Yorkshire cloths, ker-fcys, &c.

212 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c. 15. [1714:

ing notes, pur- former \ which general liberty offuing hath, by experience, been found % ftiant to S & 9 i0 be very prejudicial: be it therefore enacted by the authority * Protections That no other person than the clothier, or owner of

$>r penalties doth unsatisfied, shall be capable of suing the factor, on account by trie said act of not demanding notes pursuant to the said act; any thing to be begun in therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: after the of- an<* no P*0®501111011 shall be brought or commenced for any the penalties or forfeitures mentioned in the said act, or by virtue thereof, by any person or persons, unless such prosecution shall be commenced or begun within twelve months next after the offence,committed.

XIV. Provided always, That any thing herein before con-. tained shall not be construed to extend to any cloth made or ma-

Yoikftrirc nor nu®l^urcd within the county of York; or to repeal or any wife to repeal the invalidate any of the authorities mentioned or contained, in an —- *- made in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty

Queen Anne* intituled, An act for the better afurtaining the lengths and breadths of woollen cloth made in the county of York.-

XV. Andfcrmakingthe fame aft more effectualy be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, all forts of Yorkshire cloths, called whole thick kerfeys, whole thick plains, huggabags and broken quilted kerfeys mall not be made under eighteen yards in length, and not less than three quarters and an half in breadth by the standard yard-wand, when fully wet, and shall be contented and sealed in such manner as Yorkshire cloths are directed to be by the same act, under the penalties therein mentioned; and that if any clothier or other person shall, after the said twenty-ninth day of September, offer or expose to sale any of the aforesaid Yorkshire cloths, which shall be made after the said twenty-ninth day of September, and not made according to the fame length and breadth, and be thereof convicted in such manner as offenders against the famead are to be convicted, he shall, for eveiy inch the said respective fori-shire cloths shall be less than the said breadth, and for every half yard they shall be less in length than eighteen yards, as aforesaid, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; and that if any perfiyi shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, stretch or drain any of the aforesaid Yorkshire cloths when wet, scoured and milled, more than one inch in every quarter of a yard in the breadth, or more than half-yard in every eighteqa yards in length, and so proportionably, or shall offer or expose to sale any of the said Yorkshire cloths, or any other Tortfl>ipre cloths mentioned in the same act, that shall not be contented or iealed in such manner as Yorkshire cloths are by the fame ait directed to be contented and sealed, every such'person so offending in any of those cases, and being thereof so convicted, as afoctr said, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings ; and that if any maker of any Yorkshire cloth, or other person concerned in that manufacture, shall at any time after the

than his own. said twenty ninth day of September, fix, or cause to be fixed,

any

Forfeiture for feUuig cloths wanting in length, See,

and for over-lt retching them.

or fixing a mark other

213

1714.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 16.

any mark upon his doth, whereby to distinguish the maker thereof, other than his own christian name and surname, and place of his residence, or the first letters of such christian and fumame, and place of residence, every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings, all which said respective forfeitures in relation to Yorkshire cloths shall be levied and paid in such manner, and to such uses, as forfeitures incurred by the Forfeitures, fame act are to be levied and paid, and any person offending in to be re-any of the cases aforesaid relating to Yorkjkire cloths, upon whom cove,cd* such forfeitures cannot be levied for want of sufficient distress,

Audi be liable to such imprisonment apd hard labour, for such time, and in such manner, as offender against the same act are (for want of such distress) made liable to.

XVI. Provided always, That the penalties incurred by reason Penaltiestobe of the same act, or of this act, in any matters relating to York* to *B

shire cloths, be inflicted within twenty-one days next after offences arc committed or discovered; and that if any person finds himself aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any justice or justices of the peace upon any such conviction, as aforesaid, in any matters relating to Yorkshire cloths, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quar- Appeal to the ter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding or cor- Jffions, whole poration where such conviction shall be made, giving sufficient notice of such appeal, and the determination of such justices in v

such sessions shall be final5 and the said justices shall allow such w*lth cofti and costs and chaiges to the party, on whose behalf such appeal shall charges, be determined as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in other cases of appeals from the orders of any justices of the peace to the quarter sessions.

CAP. XVI.

Jtn act for the attainder of Henry viscount Bolingbroke of high treafen, unless he shall render himself to justice by a day certain therein mentioned.

WHEREAS Henry viscount Bolingbroke hath been impeach- Preamble.

ed by the commons in parliament ajTembled, in the name of them-fehes and all the commons of Great Britain, of high treason, and other high crimes and misdemeanors; to which said impeachment, now remaining upon record in the house of peers, the said Henry viscount Bolingbroke hath not answered, but hath withdrawn himself from justice, without abiding his legal trial: be it enacted by the "King's most excellent majesty, by and with the consent and advice of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled. That if the said Henry viscount Boling- clause of at-broke shall not render himself to the u(her of the black-rod at- tainder. tending the house of peers, or the constable or lieutenant of the Tower of London, for the time being, (who are hereby required to receive and keep him in safe custody) in order to his trial in parliament, at or before the tenth day of September next ensuing,

P3 and

I

?H Anno primo GeoroiiI. Stat.2. c. 17,18.' {1714*

and also abide his legal trial for the treasons, high crimes and mi (demeanors, whereof he (lands impeached by the commons of Great Britain, then the said Henry viscount not

rendring himself, or not abiding his legal trial, as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said tenth day of , (land and be ad-

judged attainted of high treason, to all intents and purpotb whatsoever, and shall fufFer and forfeit as a person attainted of high treason by the laws of the land ought to suffer and forfeit

CAP. XVII.

An act for the attainder of James duke of Ormonde of treason, unless he shall render himself to certain therein mentioned,

.. WHEREAS James duke Ormonde hath been impeached *re*nu> * VV by the commons in parliament , in the name

Jibes and all the commons of Great Britain, of high treason, and other high crimes and misdemeanors; to which said , now

remaining upon record in the house of peers, the said James of Ormonde bath not answered, but hath from ftfikt.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the letter preventing frejhfi/h taken by foreignert being imported into this ; for tbeprejtrvatiou

of the fry of fish', and for the giving leave to import loir fters and turbets in foreign bottoms, and for the better prt-servation of salmon within rivers in that part of

this kingdom called England.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the many good lams made foe the preservation and improvement of the fisherj in that fart of thit kingdom called England, particularly an act of in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late Kim Charles xjCjr. *.e. 7. Second, intituled, An act for the encouragement cc trade j and * Car c. ene mber act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of biff aid late ” ■*' Majesty, intituled, An act against importing cattle from Ireland,

and other parts beyond the seas, and fish taken by foreigners, many evafionshave of late years been invented and whereby that useful design bos been very much and mkre tfpedally

by the fraudulent practices of divert persons English

and other vessels, who when they are off at buy great ptantitics Of fish caught by foreigners, and import and market the fane in ibis kingdom, to the great discouragemand impevtrijbment his Ma-After *9 SeptJtly* subjects, and manifejl detriment tf the fi/hcry and navigation;

,7, j. no fish for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent taken by so- majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual reig'ier^ex- an^j temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-ftanM inhabit- hied, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after ing in Eng- the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred land, (halfbe and fifteen, no herring, codd, pilchards, (almon or ling, fresh tUeUnedom or ^Ited, dried or bloated, nor any gril, mackarcl, whiting,

8 haddock.

1714*1 Anno pritno G&orgii I. Scat 2. c. 18. iig

haddock, sprats, coal-fish, gull-fish, congers, nor any sort of _fiat-fish, nor any other fort of fire fh fish whatsoever, shall be imported- into, (bid or exposed to sale, in that part of this kingdom called England, which shall be taken by, bought of, or re-

ceived from any foreigner or foreigners, or out of any stranger or Grangers bottom, except protestant strangers inhabiting within this Iringdom, nor dull any person of persons give or exchange any goods or other things in exchange for any sort of fish so taken, as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That every master or com- Every mailer, mander for the time being, of any (mack, hoy, yager, boat, &c. of any {hip or other veflei, in which any fish shall be imported or

brought to shore, contrary to the true intent and meaning of JbaiTbe*Sm-this act, being thereof lawfully convicted upon his appearance, ported, shall or default made after due summons, before one or more justice forfeit 101. or justices of the peace of the county, city or place where the { ^'ev'*d offender shall reside or be found, by the oath of two or more by <JlKre ** credible witnefim, which oath such justice or justices are hereby impowered and required to administer, shall forfeit for every onfence the sum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the band and seal, or hands and feats of such justice or justices, rendring to the party the overplus, if any lie 5 and in default of payment of the said twenty pounds, or sufficient distress, the fame justice or justices shall or fuller is commit every such offender to the common gaol of such coun- months impri-ty, city or place, there to suffer imprisonmefit during the fpgce fonment* at twelve months.

III. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, This act shall

or be construed to extend, to prevent the importing, buying or not extend expoflng to side any eels, stock-fish, anchovies, sturgeon, bo- Prev.ent th,e tame, orcavear. eels0^'"^ °*

IV. And whereat of late years the breed and fiy of fee fishbas*^ m^ies of

been greatly prejudiced and deftreyedby the nets of too fmailneti to be of

fisse or Mffb, and by other illegal and unwarrantable practices 5 be it the size of j enacted by the authority tuorefaid, That from and after the 'J'chei and twenty fifth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ^^|mlu>ot sixteen, if any person or persons shall use at sea, upon the coast ' of that part of Great Britain called England, any traul-net, dragnet or fct net whatsoever, for the catching of any kind of fish (except herrings, pilchards, sprats or lavianian) which hath any except for mefh or moke of less fixe than three inches and half at least catching of from knot to knot, or which hath any false or double bottom, hernng‘>&c* cod or pouch, or shall put any net or nets, though of legal fixe or mefh, upon or behind the others, in order to catch and de- Nor shall any ftroythe small fish which would have passed through any single "et> of net of three inches and half mefh, ail and every such person pi^behmd -and persons so offending shall forfeit all and Angular such net or Mother, nets, so used contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, . ' and also for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds of l^w- °*

ful money of Great Britain, to be recovered and levied in such thereof, and

P 4 manner sol. to be rc-

'916

corned at above.

One moiety to the informer, the other to the poor.

Nepal nett to be burnt.

Penalty of Cel ling unfcable

fife

.Anno pritno Georgii L Stat. a. c. it. [1714;

manner and form as the penalty above inflicted upon the matter of any vessel* wherein fish shall be imported contrary to this act* is above directed to be recovered and levied; and in default of payment of the said twenty pounds* or of sufficient diftrefe* the offender to be imprisoned in like manner* during the space of -twelve months.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures mentioned in this act* except nets of illegal or selfe bottoms* cods or pouches, as aforesaid, (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof bang first deduded) shall be distributed and disposed of in manner following, (that is to fey) one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed.

. VI. And it is hereby further enacted and provided* That where any illegal nets of less mdh or moke than three inches and half at lead from knot to knot* or of selfe or double bottom, cod or pouch, shall be proved* as aforcfeid* to have been forfeited, such net or nets (nail* by warrant of such justice or justices be publickly burnt.

VII. And for the furthtr prifervation of fry of fish, be

it enacted by the authority aforesaid* That if any person or persons shall, at any time alter the twenty ninth day of one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, bring to (bore in that part of Great Britan called England* fell, offer or expose to fele, or shall exchange for any other goods, matter or thing, any un-fizable fish, that is to (ay, bret, turbet, brill or pearl, codlin* whiting, mullet, bass* place, foies or flounders, which shall not be of the several lengths or sizes following, from the eyes to the utmost extent of the tail, (viz.} every bret or turbet, sixteen inches{ every brill or pearl, fourteen inches; eve^y codlin, twelve inches ; every whiting, foe inches; every bass and mullet, twelve inches; every foie, eight inches; every place or dab, eight inches; and every flounder, seven inches; aH and every person and persons so emending shall for every such offence forfeit all and every such unfizeable fish so brought on shore,- fold, offered or exposed to sale, or exchanged, as aforesaid, to the poor of the parish or place where such offence (halt-.be committed* and also shall* for every such offence, forfeit and pay-the sum of twenty shillings of lawful money of Great ty thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed* and to be levied and recovered as other penalties by this act inflicted are directed to be levied and recovered; and in default of payment of the said forfeiture, or of (ufficient distress for fetisfoftioB thereof, the offender shall, by warrant of one or more justice or justices of the peace, be font to the next house or hoofea of correction, or other common, gaol or prison of any county, city* town or place where such offence (lull be committed* there to be severely whipt, and kept to hard labour for the space of six days* and not longer than foipiecn days.

VUI, Pro.-

1714-] Anno primo Georgii 1. Stat. 2. c. 18. 217

VIII. Provided always, That where any person shall suffer Persons foflfer-imprisonment pursuant to this act, for any offence contrary here-

unto, in default of payment of, or sufficient distress for any pe- j^ble to such nalty hereby imposed; such person shall not be liable afterwards penalty, to pay such penalty.

IX. Provided also, That no person shall suffer any punishment Prosecution io for any offence committed against this act, unless the prosecution one month, for the fame be commenced within one month after such.offence committed; any thing herein contained to the contrary not* withstanding.

X. And whereas by an act made in the tenth and eleventh years of King William the Third, intituled, An act for making Billingf-gate a free market for sale of fish, the importation of lobflers and turbets in foreign vessels is prohibited: and whereas the faidprohibition has made lobsters and turbets much dearer than then were before

the puffing the said aft\ for remedy whereof, and for the better Lobflers and supplying this kingdom with lobflers and turbet9 at reasonable turbets may rates, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person whatfo- have been be-ever, as well foreigners as British, freely to import, bring in-tore the act to, and fell in the kingdom of Great Britain, in any ship or vef- «o& u W. j. fel whatsoever, any quantity of lobsters or turbets, whether they c* be of foreign or British catching, in the same manner they might have done before the said recited act of the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of his late majesty King William was made; any thing in the said act, or any other act since made, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XL And whereas in an act of parliament paffid in the fourth and fifthyears of the reign of her late tnajefly Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the encrease and better preifervation of salmon, and other fish in the-rivers within the counties of Southampton and Wilts, there is 'contained a clauft whereby it is enabled, That no person or persons {not being duly qualified) should thereafter kill, iefiroy, or wilfully hart any salmon or salmon^kind, or any other fish; and that The clause in neither they, nor any other person or persons whatsoever, should or ♦ * 5 AjJJJ: might, at ony time or times after the thirtieth day of June which tothecatchinf should be in the year of our Lord one thousand/even Hundred and fix, of salmon, &c. take, kiU or dejiroy any salmon, salmon-peal, or salmon-kind, by repealed, so hawks, racks, gins, nets, angles, or other devices whatsoever, until after the eleventh day of November in every year, or offer to sale of the fi&erh* any of the find fish so taken, under the pains, penalties, forfeitures therein meu-and imprisonments in the said act mentioned; be it enacted by the tioned. authority aforesaid, That the said clause, so far as the fame doth and may concern the respective owners and proprietors of the fishery and (idling in the respective rivers in the said act mentioned, and every other person and persons entitled to iifh in ihu fame, and every of them, and his and their respective fervanrs and agents, and every of them, shall be and is hereby repealed, gnd be deemed and taken to be hereby repealed.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. AfterNov. 11,

Th# it shall and may be lawful for such owners, proprietors wstWA«g-i, ^ * 7 »rr m every year.

in any year year between those days, take any fal-mon, &c.

21S Anno primo Georgii L Star. a. c. 18. [1714;

such owner*, and persons, and hit and their ftrvants and agents, and every, &c. mar take or Wy Gf them, at any time or times hereafter, from the eleventh laimon, tcc. ^ of November, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thou-

sand seven hundred and fifteen, until the first day of Jheguft in every year, to take, kill or destroy any laimon, lal on on-peal or salmon-kind, or offer to side any of the said fish fb taken between the times afore laid.

NoTuch owner XIII. Provided, and h is hereby enacted by the authority a-iball, after foresaid, That no such owner, proprietor or petibn afbrdaia, or

............................... ' any time

the year of and between

that day and the twelfth day of November then next following, or at any time or times then after, between the first day of Augvfl and the twelfth day of November in any year, take, kill or destroy, or wilfully hurt any salmon, salmon-peal or iaimon-kind, by hawks, racks, gins, nets, angles, or other devices whatsoever, or offer to sale any of the said fish so taken, under the like pains, penalties, forfeitures and imprisonments as are mentioned and contained in the said receited act.

XIV. And whereas the fevered parliament made

fer the preservation ef fishwg within the rivers of this realm, have hitherto proved ineffeitual inr to the rivers Severn, Dee, Wye, Tea me. Were, Tees, Ribble, Mersey, Dun, Air, Ouze, Swaile, Calder, Wharf, Eure, Darwent and Trent, for want of a due encouragement to be given to futh persons who could Sfctvtr the many illegal praiiices and abuses dene , and by reason the dilattri-

kefs and CKpenfrvenefs of the fusts and proceedings (United by the pud acts for pumfbtngfuth bbufes; wherefore Far remedy thereof, and

for the better securing the (pawn, fry, and young breed of fal-Deftroyingthe moQ in the (kid rivers, be it further enacted by the authority fry. of laimon afbrefiud. That if any pcrlbn or persons whatsoever shall at any time hereafter, lay or draw any kind of nets, engines or devices, or wilfully do or commit, or cause to be done or committed, any other act whatsoever in the said rivers, or in any of them, whereby the spawn, or small fry of salmon therein, or any kepper or Ihedder-salmons, or any salmon not being in length eighteen inches or more, from the eye to the extent of the middle of the tail, shall be taken, and killed or destroyed, or shall hereafter make, erect, or fet any bank, dam, hedge or stank, net or nets cross the said rivers, or any part thereof, whereby the salmon therein may be taken, or hindred from passing or going up the said riven to spawn, or shall at any tune and taking hereafter, between the last day of July and the twelfth .day of fcidriver*be"- November for ever, by or with any net, device, engine, ways twren the last or means whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, or wilfiilly hurt any of July and ftlmpn of any kind or size whatsoever in the said rivers, or fhaQ Nov. i*. with at any time after the said twelfth day of November fish there for thaiTare feta011 with any other net or nets than what is or are allowed of allowed by by an act of parliament made in the first year of the reign of a Eiiz. c. 17. Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for preservation of /Pawn and

fry

in the rivers, Severn, Dee,

i7H»l Anno primO Georgii I. Stat. a. c. i8, £19

fry of fish; and by another act made in the thirtieth year of the and 50 Car. * reign of our late sovereign lord King Charles the Second, inti- stat- *c- 9* tuled. An act for the preservation of fishing in the river Severn, every person so offending in any of the said cases, who shall be ^e110?en.<?er convicted thereof before any justice or justices of peace of the j^the county wherein the said offence shall be committed, either up- and nett, to on view of such justice or justices, by confession of such offender, be levied by or by one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath (which diftretij oath every such justice of peace is hereby impowered to administer) shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such offence, besides the fish so taken, and the nets, engines and devices used in doing or committing the fame; one moiety of die said sum to be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety ,

thereof to the poor of the parish where the said offence shall be committed; to be leyied bydiftrefs and sale of the offender's v\ ' ' jgoods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the -v * .2 justice or justices of peace before whom he shall be convicted, as aforesaid, rendring the overplus, if any be, over and above the charges of the distrest, to the person to distrained; and for for want want of such distress the offender shall be committed to the house ^ommkted to of correction, or other county gaol or prison, for any time not tt,e hourc of exceeding three months, not lets than one month, there to be coire&ion,&e. kept to hard labour, and suffer such other corporal punishment and thentt*, ks the (M justice or justices, upon consideration of the circum- fe**** ftanees of such offence, shall think fit; and the said justice or yea* justices of the peace, before whom the person so offending shall be convicted, shall order such nets, engines and devices made life of in taking such fish, to be seized and immediately cut in pieces, or otherwise destroyed in his or their presence, and (halland banks,&c. also cause such banks, dams, hedges or flanks, made or erected ^ of the cross the said river, to be demolished and removed at the charges ^n^er,° of such offender, such charges if not paid down on conviction, to be levied in the same manner as the said sum of five pounds it appointed to be levied.

XV. And whereas several fishmongers of London and other cities and towns, by Ihemselves, or their agents, frequently buy and contra ft with the fi/hermcn using the said rivers of Severn, Dee, Wye,

Teame, Were, Tees, Ribble, Mersey, Dun, Air, Ouze,

Swaile, Calder, Wharf, Eure, Darwentou/ Trent, or others im-ployed iy them, for great quantities of salmon to be taken in the said Sending to rivers, which gives great encouragement to the taking salmon there ^London from vnftzeable lengths, and at unseasonable times; be it therefore fur- the kid nvera, ther enacted, That no such salmon shall be sent to London to** ^Sn£i * Fuch fishmongers, or their agents, that shall weigh less than fix left than fix jxnmds each fish; and every person buying, felling or fending poundsweight any such salmon of less weight than six pounds, who shall be cacll> convicted thereof in manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum f .

of five pounds for every such offence, besides the fish so to bet0 618 5 * bought and sold; one moiety of the said sum and fish to be paid and distributed to the informer or informers, and the other moicry thereof to the poor of the parish where such offence

shall

220 Anno pritno Georgii I. Sat 2. c.19.' [1714.

to be levied by shall be committed; the said sum, if not paid upon conviction, to be levied by distress and Tale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the jufficeor justices of peace, before whom he shall be convicted, as aforesaid, rendring the overplus, if any be, over and above the charges of and for want, such distress, to the owner; and in default of sufficient distress, to be commit- the offender shall be committed by such justice or justices to the **** house of correction, or other county-gaol or prison, there to be

mon kept to hard labour for the space of three months, unless die

laid forfeiture shall be in the mean time paid, ntaied by this XVI. Provided, That where any offender in the said rivers, aft, (han not or in any of them, shall be punished by force of this act, he incur the pe. shall not be prosecuted, nor incur the penalty of any other law nalty of any or statute for the fame offence.

other law. XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted. That all per-Appeal to fef- fons who shall think themselves aggrieved by any judgment of determination any ju®ce or justices of the peace, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be may appeal to the justices of the peace of the county, city or place where such judgment shall be given, at their next general quarter session, who are hereby impoweted to hear and finally determine the fame.

The owners of XVIII. Provided, That this act, or any thing herein eon-anaent wears tained, shall not extend or be construed to extend, to any an-dent wears or locks upon any rivers j but that it shall ana may &c7notwith- be lawful for the proprietors or owners thereof to repair,- main-Handing this tain, rebuild, remove or take down any of the said^vedrtror aft. locks, as they might have done in case this act had rfotbe&v

made.

CAP. XIX.

/inaS forraifing nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for. publick Jerques, by salt of , after

five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by. parliament ■, and to authorize a treaty concerning private rights clamed by the proprietors of the sugar-botfes in Scotland.

For tbt aptlua- TV^OST gracious Sovereign, Whereas in and by an at^ of thit

tun of monty 1VA ft'(Jimof parliament, intituled, An act for enlarging the thit fond of the governor and company of the bank of ^ re*

oiEnfh

1 Geo. fating to Exchequer-bills; and for settling an additional revenue ?'« of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum upon

fiat. 1. c. is. * his Majesty during his life, for the service of the civil government ; and for establishing a certain fond of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, in order to raise a sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the service of the publick, by Tale of annuities, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, it is, ether things enacted,That for raising a sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, as part of the necessary fiuppfy for the service of your Majtfifs navy and forces, gnd ether

221

1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. St at. 2. c. 19.

a certain yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds, from the feast of St. Michael the archangel in the year of our Lori one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, for ever,. shall, by quarterly payments at the four most usual feajls of the year, by equal portions, without any deduction or abatement whatsoever, be separated and fit apart at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of the monies of a general or aggregate fund arising and to arise by several duties and revenues in and by the said act appropriated for that and other purposes therein particularly expressed; and that the said yearly sum of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds, shall, from time to time be ijfuea and applied to answer and satisfy such perpetual annuities as should be purchased after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, subject nevertheless to be redeemed according to the true intent and meaning of such act or acts of parliament as should be paffei in that behalf: and whereas it is by the aforesaid act provided, That from and after the complete paying off and discharging all the principal and interest which shall be due upon all the Exchequer-bills therein mentioned, and cancelling the fame, and full payment of all arrearages (if any shall be then due) for and upon the allowances, yearly sums, and deficiencies therein expressed; then and not till then, the said general or ag~ gregatefund by that act efiablished for the several purposes aforesaid* and all the subsidies, duties and revenues contained therein, /ball be underjlood to be redeemed by parliament, other than and except certain particular subsidies and duties therein described, that is to say, the subsidies and duties called the two thirds of a subsidy of tonnage and poundage* upon goods and merchandizes imported, and certain duties upon coffee9 cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-pafie, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, pictures, and mufiins, and certain increased duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-pafie, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures, and certain further duties upon all white callicoes, China ware, and drugs: and it is by the same act alfihenafied* That all the find particular fiubjidi'es and duties so ex-cepted, shall be continued for answering and paying out of the fame (amongjlother payments therein mentioned) all the monies which after such redemption shall grow due for and upon the find yearly sum of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds for the payment of the said annuities, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, intended to be purchased, as aforesaid* and that the fame annuities should continue for ever* unufs they be redeemed by parliament; and that the said particular subsidies and duties so continued for answeringfuch payments, or so much thereof as should be fitfficient to pay the fame* are and shall be appropriated, issued, and applied thereunto, in such manner as in and by the said act in part before recited (relation there-unto being had) may more fully appear; and whereas it is conceived* That the said sum, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the service of the publici, may be raised by sale of annuities* after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and confe-quently thatfortyfive thousand five hundred pounds per annum, part of the said sum of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, will be a fuffcient fund for answering the said annuities at that rate9 until Jwb redemption: now for the encouragement of such per-

fons

il2 Anno primo (jEoRgii 1. Stat. a. c.

fons and corporations as are or shall be willing to advance, for the service of the publick, any sum or sums of money. Hot exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, for purchasing annuities at the faii rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be settled upon the said yearly sum offorty-five thousand five hundred pounds, part of the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds, until re* demption by parliament, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act: we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal jubjefts, the com* mons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do numbly befeeehym Majesty, that it may be enacted and declared, and be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-. 45,5001. to be rity of the fame, That the yearly sum of forty-five thousand five the yearly hundred pounds, part of the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand for pay- gx hundred pounds, is and mall be a distinct and separate chper an<* ^ issued an<* applied as this act directs, for answering cent. and paying the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per

See 9 Geo. x. centum per annum, to be purchased upon this act, by quarterly c- 5; payments, until the redemption thereof by parliament, accortr-

inS to Prov^° h«*cin after specified : any thing in this or in c. IZJ * ‘ ' the said receited act, or in any other law or statute whatsoever, to

the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Officers, ca- And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all of*

ihiers, &c. li- ficers, cashiers, and other persons whatsoever, who are or shall able to the act be concerned in railing, receiving, or accounting for the several 9 W. 3. duties or revenues,' out of which the said yearly film of forty* five thousand five hundred pounds, part of the said yearly 'sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds, is to be Supplied, as aforesaid, or any of them, or in separating, paying, applying, or accounting for the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand nt hundred pounds, or any part thereof, during the continuance thereof, or any part thereof, shall perform their several duties in the premisses, as to them refoeftively shall appertain,. Under such and the like penalties, forfeitures and disabilitiesi fef any offence or neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting or mifap* plying any part of the said yearly sum of fifty-four thbiifand six hundred pounds, or of the said yearly fond of forty-five- thou* sand five hundred pounds to be supplied out of the fame. Or the monies appointed for raising them, or either of thetri^ or any part thereof, as are prescribed and to be inflicted by virtue of an act of parliament made and passed in the ninth year of the reign of King TVilliam the Third, of glorious memory, intituled, An act for raising a sum, not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for settling the trade to the East-Indies, for the uke offence or neglect, relating to the duties thereby granted or referred to, or Tor detaining, diverting, or misapplying any part of the monies which were granted or appropriated by the act last mentioned.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That yearly

9&10W. 3. c.44.

17x4*] Ann6primo Georgii 1. Scat.2. c.19. 223

ly and every year, from and after the feast of Saint Michael the Fond to take

archangel, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Place atMichr

and fifteen, for ever, the said yearly sum of forty-five thousand ,7*5#

five hundred pounds, arising as aforesaid, into the receipt of the

Exchequer, shall be the whole and entire yearly fund; and in

case all the monies arising into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall

not in any such year amount to so much as forty-five thousand

five hundred pounds, then the monies so arising, so far as they

will extend, shall be part of the yearly fund for or towards the

answering and paying all the annuities after the rate 'of five

pounds per centum per annum, to be purchased upon this act :

and that all and every deficiency and deficiencies of the said Deficiency to

whole yearly sum of forty-five thousand five hundred pounds, be supplied

or any part thereof, which shall appear at the end of any one °!J °fthc

year, to be reckoned as aforesaid, for payment of such annui- JJ—j1

ties as shall be purchased upon this act at the rate aforesaid, for

the fame year respectively, shall be supplied or made up, from

time to time, out of the first aids to be granted in parliament

next after such deficiency shall appear, and shall, from time to

time, be tiansferred thereunto, as soon as such aid shall be

granted.

IV. And it is hereby enacted. That all the monies by this or AUthetnoniet the said recited act, required to be brought into the Exchequer,

or to be there set apart, for or upon account of the said yearly a sum of fifty-four thousand (ix hundred pounds, shall be fairly and dulyentrefl in one or more book or books to be kept in the offices of the auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells, for that purpose, to which all persons concerned at all leasonable times shall have free access without fee or charge.

V. And for railing any sum and sums of money, not exceeding in Any persons the whose toe said sum of nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for may be con-publick services as aforesaid: be it further enacted by the authori- tributor8* ty aforesaid, That it (nail and may be lawful to and for any per-

(on oc persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay to the first or chief cashier of the governor and company or the bank of England, for the time being, at or before the respective days and times by this act limited in that behalf, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said lum of nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, for the purchase of any annuity or annuities, to commence from the said feast of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen ; and to be paid and payable to such contributor or contributors, or (neb as he, (he, or they shall nominate, his, her, or their executors, administrators, (uccessors, or assigns respectively, until the fame shall be redeemed according to the tenor or true meaning of the proviso or condition herein after-mentioned in that behalf $ so as such cashier or cashiers do first give security to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, or of the high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, for duly answering

224 Anno pritno Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.19. * [1714;

fwering and paying into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the publick use, the monies so to be advanced or contributed, and to account duly for the fame; which annuities before-mention* ed shall be computed at the rate of five pounds pgr centum fer annum, for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably for any greater sum so to be advanced or paid; and the purcnafe*. money for every such annuity at the rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid to the said cashier, as aforesaid, at or be* fore the respective days and times herein after limited, that is Tiroes of pay- to fay, one fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day meilt* of September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred

and fifteen; one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and fifteen; one other fifth, part thereof on or before the twenty-eighth day of January then next ensuing; one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of March then next following; and the remaining fifth nart thereof on or beforeahe twenty-ninth day of May which mall be in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and sixteen; all which annuities so to be purchased, shall not exceed in the whole the said sum of forty-five thousand five hundred pounds per annum, and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual feasts or days of payment in the year, that is to say, the feasts of the birth of our Lord Christ, the annunciation of the blessed virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John Baptist, and Saint Mi~ chael the archangel, by even and equal portions, or within six days ^fter every of the said fcaft-days ; the first payment thereof to be due at the feast of the birth of our Lord Christ, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and; fifteen, or within six days after the fame feast-day; neverthelefc the said annuities shall be redeemable according to the purport and true meaning of a proviso or condition herein after contain-Cashier to give ed in that behalf and not otherwise; and the said cashier of the a receipt to said governor and company, for the time being, is hereby au~ contributors, thonzed and required, upon the advancing and paying to him any such sum and sums of money, as aforesaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing, signed by himself, for each payment, to the contributor or payer thereof; and from time to time to and to pay in pay into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all the monies to the Exche- which he shall receive, of or for the said sum not exceeding nine quer, &c* hundred and ten thousand pounds, as fast as he shall receive the Came, or any part thereof, pr within five days at the farthest; and to account for all the monies so to be advanced to him, in his Majesty's court of Exchequer, According to the due course thereof; in which account the said cashier mall have just allowance of all monies which he shall have paid for prompt payments pursuant to this adh Accountant VI. And it is hereby enacted, That in the office of the ac* general of the countant general of the governor and company of the bank of ^cfP England, for the tiqne being, there shall be provided and kept a comributorsj book or books, in which there shall be fairly entred the names

of

225

1714*] Anno primo Georgii L Stat.2. c. igi.

of all who shall be contributors for such annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, as aforesaid, and of all persons by whose hands the said contributors shall pay in any of the said Aims upon this act, and also the sum so paid; to which book it shall be lawful for the said respective contributors, their executors, admiriistrators, successors and assigns, from time to time, at all seasonable times, to have resort, and to insped the famO without fee or charge ; and the said accountant general, for the time being, shall on or before the twenty- fourth day of June one thoilfand (even hundred and sixteen, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written in paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That AnnirHes all and every the annuities so to be purchased at the rate afore- chni . said, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and the hi payable, from time to time, out of the monies arising and to a- 45>Jooi”x,: rile, of or for the said yearly fund of forty-five thousand five hundred pounds, or by other the provisions or supplies made or to be made by or in pursuance of this act, for the payment there- * of, in the manner and form by this act prescribed in that behalf i and that all and every contributor and contributors upon this act, duly paying the consideration or purchase-money at the rate aforesaid, at or before the respective days and times in this act limited in that behalf, for such annuity or annuities, as aforesaid, or such as he, (he or they shall appoint, his, her or their fespective executors, administrators, successors and assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entituled by virtue of this act, to have, receive and enjoy the respective annuity and annuities so to be purchased out of the monies by this act appropriated or appointed, or to be supplied for payment thereof, as aforesaid*

2nd shall have good and sure estates and interests therein for ever, subject only to the proviso or condition of redemption in this act afterwards contained concerning the fame; and that all the said annuities to be purchased on this act, and the principal monies paid for the fame, and every of them, during the Taic-fre^ continuance thereof, shall be free from all taxes, charges and impositions whatsoever.

VIII. And for the more easy ami sure payment of the said annul- Bank to im-//>;, to be purchased, as aforesaid^ according to the true meaning of P^y a chief this present act \ it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- cashier a;^ forclald, That the governor and company of the bank of Eng- general land, and their successors, shall from time to time, until the said 6 annuities shall be redeemed by parliament according to this act,

Appoint and imploy one sufficient person, within their office in in* city of Londony to be their chief or first cashier, and one other ^e easier to sufficient person, within the same office, to be their accountant receive the general; and that so much of the monies which shall or ought fond at the to be from time to time separated or set apart in the receipt of Exchequer Exchequer, for or upon account of the said yearly fund of fifty Suarttyrv» c‘ four thousand six hundred pounds, for answering the said anna*

Vot. XIII. Q* . ities

32 6

Accountant general to in-sped the receipt* of the Caihier,

Annuities a personal citate, See.

interest at 81. per cent, for prompt payment.

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat 2. £.19. [1714.

ities to be purchased upon this act, as shall bear a full proportion to the whole sum, which shall be advanced or contributed Upon this act, after the said rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall by ordef of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or of the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury of his Majesty, his heirs and successors for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf, be from time to time, quarterly, as aforesaid, issued and paid at the said receipt of Exchequer, to the said first or chief cashier of the said governor and company of the bank of England^ and of their successors for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account, for the payment of the said annuities to be purchased upon this act, at such times, and in such manner and form as are by this act prescribed in that behalf; and that all and every such cashier or cafliiers, to whom the said monies shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his accounts thereof according to the due course of the Exchequer , any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted. That the said accountant general for the time being shall, from time to time, insped and examine all the receipts and payments of the said cashier, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay 5 and that all and every person and persons whatsoever, who (nail be entitled to any of the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof, as of a personal estate, and the fame shall not be dependable to the heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise $ any law, statute or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And for the encouragement of the contributors to advance and pay readily to the said cajbier the sums by them intended to be advanced upon this act; it is provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such contributor who shall advance and pay to the said caftiier within the times limited by this act, the purchase-money payable for any annuity or annuities at the rate aforesaid, his, her or their executors, administrators, successors and assigns respectively, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution-money arising by this act, interest, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annumy for the prompt payment of the purchase-money, or of such proportions of the purchase-money as shall be so advanced before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifteen : the said interest to be computed for the respective sums so advanced and paid to the said caftuer, from the time or respective times of the actual advancing and paying the fame to the said cashier until the said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

2 That

17f4-3 Anno primo Georgii I. Stac.2. c. 19. 227

That all the monies to be advanced or contributed upon this act All the monies for or towards the said sum, not exceeding nine hundred and ten ^vaa—edtto thousand pounds, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one jtotkf&c! capital or joint-dock, on which the said annuities, after the rate uGeo.i. c. 2, of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending; and that all and every person and persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money by him, her or them advanced upon this act, shall have and be deemed to have an interest or share in the said (lock, and in the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforesaid, for the monies so by him, her or them advanced ; and that the said capital or joint-dock, or any share or interest therein, and the rajyportional annuity attending the fame, shall be assignable and transferable as this act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall be constantly kept at all reasonable times in the office of the said chief a. transfer accountant for the time being, within the city of London, a book book to be or books, wherein all assignments or transfers of the said (lock, kept by the or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforesaid, shall be entred and registred, which * entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be ligned by the parties making such assignments or trans* fers, or (if such party be absent) by his, her or their attorney thereunto lawfully authorized by writing under his, her or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the person or persons to whom such transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of affiening or transferring the said (lock and annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law.

XII. Provided always, That any person or persons possessed Devises of an-of such (lock, with the annuity or annuities attending the fame, nuitie* to be or any estate or interest therein, may devise the fame by will in c2rcJ mthc writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses, but that such 0

devisee shall receive no payment thereupon, till so much of the said will as relates to the said (lock or annuity, be entred in the said office, and in default of such transfer or devise, the said (lock and annuities attending the fame, shall go to the executors or administrators ; and that no stamp-duties whatsoever shall be chargeable on the said transfers, or any of them $ any No (lamp-dtr-other law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding. ties.

XIII. And it is hereby enabled and declared. That all per- Assignee of Tons who shall accept any assignment or transfer of any (lock (b>ck liable to from any contributor, who shall have paid only part of the con- pay the refi-tribution-money for the fame, to the use of the publick, (lull ^ution mo-rl-be liable to pay the residue of the said contribution money, and

to such forfeitures for non-payment thereof, as tlte original contributor would have been liable if no such transfer had beta made.

XIV. Provided always* That no person or persons whatsoe^ Nocontribu-ver shall or may purchase or obtain,- or be admitted to purchase rion after , r obtain any of the annuities at the rate aforesaid, upon this 1?lSr

Q.2 aft.

21$ Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 19,. [1714.

aft, unless the whole or one fifth part at lead of the considera-tion-money for the fame, at such rate as aforesaid, be advanced and paid to the said cashier on or before the said twenty-ninth* day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

Penalty for not XV. Provided also, That in case any such contributor, as a-

paying by who shall on or before the said twenty-ninth day of

umes appoint* one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, have advance

ed to the said cashier one fifth part of his, her or their said purchase-money, or his, her or their executors, administrators, sucessors or assigns, do not advance and pay to the said cashier, one other fifth his, her or their consideration-money so to be

paid for such ^fepeftive annuity or annuities, as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-ninth day of November then next ensuing; and one other fifth part thereof, on or before the twenty-eighth day of January then next coming; one other fifth part thereof, on or before the twenty-ninth day of March then next following; and the remaining fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of May which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; then and in every such case respectively, so much of the consideration-money as shall have been actually paid for the first payment to the said cashier for such refpaftive annuity, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and no interest, at the rate aforesaid, shall be payable for the said first payment; any thing in this act contained to the contraiy notwithstanding.

Bank to con- XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au-tinue a corpo- thority aforesaid. That the said governor and company of the ration till the bank of England, and their fucceflprs (notwithstanding the re-demption of alL or any their own funds, in pursuance of the redeemed, «c. a(^s for eftabij{hing the fame, or any of them) shall continue a corporation, with .all the powers, privileges and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purposes in this act expressed, till all the annuities to be purchased on this act shall be redemed by parliament, according to the proviso herein after contained in that behalf; and that the said governor and company, or any members thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act*

No fees to be XVII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, taken. * That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall or may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies, or other receipts concerning the fame, or for ifiiiing the said yearly fund, or any part thereof, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them; and that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any transfer of any sum great or small, to be made in pursuance of this act; upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratui~ ty contrary to this act, shall forfeit the sum or twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full costs, in any of his Majestyrs courts of record at Westminster.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority

1714*1 Anno-primo Georgii I. Stott, c. ig 229

thorky aforesaid. That at any time upon one year's notice and When theft repayment by parliament of the said sum of nine hundred ten thousand pounds, or so much thereof as shall be advanced 10Geo. 1. c. 5. upon this act, unto the respective contributors of the fame, or to such person and persons, as by, from or under them, shall be then entitled to the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, in respect of the money so advanced, according to such interests as they respectively shall then have in the fame annuities, and also upon full payment and satisfaction of all arrears of the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, if any shall be then due, then and got till then, the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall cease and determine, and from thenceforth so much of the said general or aggregate fund, and of the said particular duties chargeable with the said annuities, as aforesaid, as the fame annuities shall amouqt unto, shall be under-stood to be redeemed by parliament, but without prejudicing any other of the yearly sums or payments, by this or the said receited act charged or intended to De chargea on the said general or aggregate fund, or upon the said particular duties which shall then remain to be satisfied out of the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas several exemptions from customs and excise have

been, and are claimed as private rights by the proprietors of the sugar- Clause for a bpufes in Scotland, touching which exemptions several questions have treaty con-artfen, not as yet decided: and whereas it is evidently prejudicial to kis v^right*-Majesty's revenue, and to all other traders in sugars, and drilling claimed by the

/pints, that such exemptions Jbotdd fubfijl and continue; and yet ne- proprietor* of vertbelefs it is just that reasonable satisfaction should be made to the tbeTugar-faidproprietors for any such private rights; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the trea- By % Geo. 1. fury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer c. 4. /. 6, 7, for the time being, shall be and are hereby impowered to treat * Such propri-with the proprietors of the sugar-houses aforesaid, for such a ^JtleTajur^ sum or sums of money as may be a reasonable satisfaction for March 17 % % . such private rights of exemption from custom and excise, to which the proprietors are entitled. ■

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That the comr-missioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being. The caftier shall have power to allow to the cashier or cashiers, who shall re.- and account-ceive the said contribution or advance-money, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, as aforesaid, for his or their a

pains and charges in receiving and accounting for the fame, a sum not exceeding five hundred pounds, out of the contribution or advance-money aforesaid, and shall also have power (out of the remainder of the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds, to arise over and above so much as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to discharge all monies which shall be due on the annuities to be purchased on this act) to allow and pay to the said cashier for the time being, a salary or allowance not exceeding (wo hundred and fifty pounds per annum, for receiving the mo-

3 ney

*30 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. i. C. *o. [1714.

ney to pay the annuities upon this act, and applying the fame to that use, and for his pains and charges in keeping and rend* ring his accounts thereof; and a salary or allowance not exceed* ing two hundred pounds per annum to the said accountant general for the time being, for his service and charge in performing the duty and trust incumbent upon him by this act; any thing in this or any other a<5 contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act for encouraging all superiors, vaffalsy landlords and tenants in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their duty and loyalty to his wajesty King George , and for dif couraging all superiors, vajfals, landlords and tenants there, wkp have been or shall be guilty of rebellious practices against his said Majesty \ and for making void all fraudulent entails, tailzies and conveyances made there, for barring or excluding the effeii of forfeitures that may have been, or shall be incurred there on any such account \ as also for calling any suspected person or ter fans, whose estates or principal refidenct are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expediency to find bail for their good bebavionr; and for the better disarming difaffeSed persons in Scotland.

WHEREAS the person who, in the life of the late King James, pretended to be prince of Wales, and Jtnce his de~ cease has taken upon him the stile and title of King of England, by the name of James the Thirds and King of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, or the file and title of King of Great Britain, being bred in the principles of popery and tyranny, has prejfnmed to declare his intention to make an invasion upon Scotland, or feme other part of his Majestfs kingdom of Great Britain, or his other domv nionsy meaning to seduce his Majesty's subjefls from their duty and allegiance, and to overturn the settlement of the Jufcelfion in the pro-tejiant line, upon which the subversion of the reformed religion in theft kingdoms, and ruin of the liberty of the subject mud follow of necefi fary consequence: and whereas in such conjuncture especially, it is mofi just to punish rebellious subjefls, and at the same time to reward such as continue firm and loyal to his Majestfs person and government \ therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent maiefly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituai and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Persons hold- and by authority of the fame. That if any of his Majesty's inScoUand^in ^u^Je<^s Great Britain, having lands or tenements in Scotland, property or m property or superiority, has been or shall be guilty of high superiority, treason, by holding, entertaining or keeping any intelligence or and adhering correspondence in person, or by letters, messages, or otherwise. to the pretcu- with the pretender, or with any person or person* imployed

by

1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.20. 231

by him, knowing such person to be so employed, or shall, by bill der, shall be of exchange or otherwise, remit or pay any (um or sums of mo- j* ney for the use or service of the said pretender, knowing such jjfgj^treason. money to be for such ufc or service, and that whether the said fiuSb or things be done within or without this realm, or has been or shall be adherent to the said pretender in this realm, giving him aid or comfort in this realm, or elsewhere, every such offender, who shall be thereof duly convidlcd and attainted, shall be liable to the pains, penalties and forfeitures for high treason, all and every vassal and vassals in Scotland, who And peacea-shall continue peaceable and in dutiful allegiance to his Majesty, ulcj7aflra}s d his heirs and successors, holding lands or tenements of any such ^ (Jch offen-offender who holds such lands or tenements immediately of the der shall hold crown, shall be veiled and seized, and are hereby enacted and them of the ordained to hold the said lands or tenements of his Majesty, his crown* heirs and successors, in fee and heretage for ever, by such manner of holding as any such offender held such lands or tene~ ments of the crown at the time of the attainder of such offender; And if such and where lands or tenements belonging to any such peaceable !ands with-iand dutiful subje£ts to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, lie within any regality or constabulary in Scotland, the fame shall be diflolv'd be and they are hereby dissolved from every such regality or therefrom, constabulary for ever; and in like manner all and every tenant »oGeo.».c43. and tenants in Scotland, who shall continue peaceable ana in du- Ten.ant*s con-tiful allegiance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors aforesaid, bruicking and occupying any lands, inilns, mines, woods, fish- jelly shall bold ings or tenements, as tenant or tenants, taxman or taxmen, their lands, from and under any such offender shall, and they are hereby &c. ofperfoiu ordained to bruick and occupy ail and every such lands, mines, ^bout pav-milns, woods, fiftungs and tenements, for the space of two ;ng any j^nt, years or crops, to be accounted from and after such attainder, &c. for two lireely, without payment of any rent, duty or service for the yfaw* said two years or props; and the court of Excheqt^er in Scotland Exchequer in is hereby authorized and required, on production of any such attainder, to revise, compound and pass signatures, and that j£ ya* Qf without paying any composition in favours of every such vassal such vassal* 4or vassals, and his, her or their heir or heirs of the said lands without any and tenements above-mentioned, respecttvely, to be holden of composition his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in fee and heretage for ever, and by such holdings as is above-mentioned, with clauses of nova damus3 and (where such lands or tenements hold waird or few cum maritagio, or with clauses irritant) with change of holdings from waird to taxed waird, according to the rules now pbferved in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, dispensmg with ^recognition and clauses irritant in favours of the crown in time /coming, in the mod ample and best form, to the end that chary tours and infeftments may be thereupon duly expect.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 'Th* lands of if any subject of Great Britain, holding lands or tenements of a ^VlrcafonfoSl subject superior in Scotland, has been or shall be guilty of such recognofce high treason or trcaibns. as aforesaid. every such offender, who into the bands * Q.4 Dull

ors.

By 5 Geo. v. c. 2a. f. io. juperiors, &c. are to pay a proportionable Jbarc of the debts of at-

232 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2: c. 20. [17*4.

of the fuperi- shall be thereof duly convicted and attainted, shall be liable to the pains, penalties and forfeitures for high treason, and his lands or tenements held of any subject superior in Scotland, shall recognofce and return into the hands of the superior, and the property shall be and is hereby consolidated with the superiority, in the same manner as if the fame lands or tenements had been by the vassal resigned into the hands of his superior ad perp*-taintedperfons. tuam remanentiam \ and in case any tenant or tenants, taxman or taxmen, bruicking and occupying any lands, mines, milns, woods, fishings or tenements, being guilty of such higl) treason pr treasons, as aforesaid, and shall be thereof duly convicted and attainted, the title by which all and every such tenant or tenants, taxman or taxmen, does bruick or occupy, as afore.-said, shall cease and become void; and the lands, mines, milns, woods, firtiings and tenements so bruicked or occupied, together with the Angle and life-rent efeheat of such tenant or tenants, taxman or taxmen, 'shall return to and be enjoyed and possessed by the person or persons from or under whom such title is derived respectively, who shall continue peaceable and dutiful to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

III. And for preventing of frauds or collufton in order to evade

Superiors, See

^emfcWes'in- ^ts <lX furt^er enarfeef by the authority aforesaid. That

feftwftbin fix" if the superiors, vassals or tenants, to whom the lands, mines; months, o- milns, woods, fishings and tenements above-mentioned, are therwife the declared and ordained to belong, shall not within* six months, AalfbeCne tot0 recHone<^ from the time °* the attainder of the offenders the crown?10 respectively, obtain themselves infeft, or do diligence really and without cqllufion for attaining poflession^ in'every such case the forfeitures shall belpng to his Majesty, his heirs andsuccessors. ‘ IV. Provided always, That none of his Majesty's subjects, whether superior, vassal or tenant, shall have the benefit of this act, excepting such who being lawfully called out or required to join with his Majesty*s host in oppofirion to the said pretender or his adherents, shall do the fame, or who (not being so called out or required) shall continue peaceable and dutiful to his Ma~ jesty, his heirs and successors.

V.

Who shall have the benefit of this act.

Trilzwjj See. r V. And whereas there is reason to believe that several perfetn Auk 1/1714. winding to commit high treason or treasons, as aforesaid^ have made by persons at- tailzies ^ entails or settlements of their efatesy in favours of their tainted shall children, or other heirs of tailzie, or conveyances, securities or atiena-be void. lions, with a fraudulent intent to avoid the punishment of the law due to the offences above-mentioned; be it therefore enacted by die authority aforesaid, That all tailzies, entails, settlements and conveyances in favours of the grantees children, or other heirs of tailzie, or trusts, securities, or alienations of any estates or inheritances made in Scotland, in the name of whatsoever person or persons, since the first day of August one thousand seven hun* dred and fourteen, or that shall be made there in time coming: by any person or persons who shall be con viewed and attainted df any such high treason or treasons aforesaid, shall be, and they arc hereby declared void and null to all intents and purposetf,

excepting

*33

1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 20.

excepting such deeds, securities and alienations as have been made since the time aforesaid, or shall be made there in time coming, for just and onerous causes, the said onerous causes being always otherwise instruded than by the writings themselves.

VI. And whereas also at this juncture it is necessary for the publick safety* and for the safety of every particular subject, to prevent their being seduced to rebellious, seditious and unlawful practices again]} his Majesty's sacred person* government* and the laws* and that by such methods as may be most easy to the subjects ; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Mktr Sept. s. day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and un-til the twenty-third day of January one thousand seven hundred and justice

fifteen, the King's advocate, or in his or his deputy's absence, general, 8cc. his Majesty's foncitor in Scotland, may and shall, upon a war- to issue letters, rant under his Majesty's hand or sign manual, or warrant from such person or persons as his Majesty shall impower under the fog States in Teal appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland in Scotland, to place of the great seal, for that effect, apply to the lords justice appear at E- , general, justice clerk, or lords commissioners of judiciary in duiburgh, Scotland* craving that letters may be iftfued, and (upon proauc-:ion of such warrant) the said lords justice general, justice :lerk, or lords commissioners of judiciary there, are hereby authorized and required to cause letters to be issued in his Maje-ty*s name, and at the instance of his advocate, or in his or his leputy's absence, his Majesty's solicitor in Scotland, for his high-left's interest, in common form, commanding and charging uch person or persons as have their estates or ordinary residence irithin Scotland* to appear at Edinburgh* or any other place or 4a6es in Scotland* and at such times as his Majesty, or the per-ons so impowered shall think fit to appoint; and if his Maje-ty, or such person or persons impowered in manner aforesaid hall think fit, then and there to find sufficient bail and caution and find bail, or the loyal and peaceable behaviour of every such person or bcc.

>erfons, and to appear when and where such person or persons

hall be appointed; and in case of contempt or wilful difobedi- Penalty of not

:nce, every such person or persons being charged by authority appearing.

if such letters as is herein above directed, shall incur the pe-*

laity of (ingle and life-rent efeheat, to be brought in for his

tlajesty's ute, and shall be further fined in the sum of five hun-

Ired pounds sterling, and be liable to one year's imprison-

nent; which letters are to contain a warrant for citing of the How the per-.

aid person or persons, being within Scotland* personally, or-at^?*1?1?*1^.

heir dwelling-houses; and m case of any disturbance or oppo- of diiturbanct

ition made to the messengers or witnesses imployed in such fer* Uc.

rice, to cite in the ft me manner as by the law of Scotland

where there is no tutus accejfus) is directed, upon seven free

lays where the charge is against any person or persons living

ipon the south side of the river of Toy, to appear at Edinburgh;

nd upon fifteen free days, where the charge is againstany

►erfon or persons living upon the north side of the said river j

and

234

Anno primo Georgii I. Seat. 2. c. 20. [1714.

and when such person or persons are not in Scotland, uponsixty days, according to the forms used for citing persons who ait ablent out of Scotland.

^rroni^whose for fur^ir encouragement of becoming zeal and

^ds^reheld bravery in his Majesty's and the country's service, against the fend waird of the pretender and his adherents5 be it also further enacted by the au-crown, and thority aforesaid. That if it shall happen any subject of Great Britain having lands or estate in Scotland held waird of the Ity'sfemoKa- crown, or of any subject superior there, as well vassal as fub-gainst the pre. vassal, to be killed in his Majesty's lervice against the said pretender, shall tender and his adherents, or to receive wounds whereof any Pcr^on or Persons shall afterwards die, the heir of every ButtbeKina perf°n or persons shall be and is hereby enacted and or-or superior 8 dained to be free of the duties and casualties of waird, relief may appoint and marriage, for and on account of such lands or estate; ex-foa,rd' cepting only, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, vision for the* *>is ^e*rs an(* fucc*flbrs, where the lands of such person or per-wife, kc. fons hold immediately of the crown, and to the immediate fu-aoGeo.ax.50. perior, where such lands hold of a subject, to appoint the said casualties of waird, relief and marriage, to be applied for pro-vision of the wife, or younger child or children unprovided for, or not competently provided for; due consideration being always had to the condition of the heir.

No attainder VIII. And because it is bard that any creditor, remaining in shall exclude peaceable and dutiful allegiance to his Majesty, his heirs and success-peaceable^re-ors' should suffer by the rebellion of his debtor; be it therefore fur* Sitor. ther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no conviction or

attainder, on account of the high treason or treasons abpve-mentioned, shall hurt or exclude the right or diligence of ?ny such creditor remaining peaceable and dutiful, for security or payment of any true, just and lawful debt, contracted before the commission of any of the forelaid crimes.

None fluUbe IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a eutoefs if aforesaid. That no person or persons, who may reap or hay? whofc attain^ any b«*fit or advantage by the attainder, conviction, or forfei-der he receives ture of any person or persons by virtue of this act, shall be ca-benefit. pable of being a witness or witnesses against any person or persons, by whole attainder, convidioa or forfeiture, any benefit shall or may accrue to such witness or witnesses. lieutenants X. And for the better securing the peace of the kingdom, be it niitstqfeixe ^Jrt^crenacted and ordained,That the respective lieutenants in arms, &c. of that part of Great Britain called Scotland shall, over and above persons dan- their power of commanding the militia, and sensible men, and pttxnis, constituting deputy-lieutenants, and other oflicers, be hereby enabled and authorized by themselves, or any two or more ct their deputies, to grant warrants undpr their hands and seals, appointing such person or persons as they shall think fit (of which a commissioned officer, and the constable or his deputy, pr in the absence of the constable and his deputy, some other, person bearing office within the shire or stewartry where the £§rfh shall be, (h?U be two) to search for and feise all arm^

23 5

1^14.1 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. a. c. 20.

ammunition, and other warlike (lores, in the custody or possession of any person or persons, whom the said lieutenants, or any two or more of their deputies, shall judge dangerous to the peace of the kingdom, and to secure such arms, ammunition, or other warlike (lores for the publick service, and thereof, from time to time, to give accounts to the said respective lieutenants, and in their absence, or otherwise by their directions, to their deputies, or any two or more of them.

XI. Provided, That no such search be madem any house or When the houses between fun-setting and fun-rising, other than in cities search may be And their suburbs, boroughs royal, boroughs of regality and macie*

of barony, where it shall and may be lawful to search in the night-time by warrant, as aforesaid, if the warrant shall so direct : and that no dwelling-house of any peer of this realm be Houses of searched by virtue of this act, but by immediate warrant from {£7eanSed his Majesty, under his sign manual, or in the presence of the war-lieutenant, or one of the deputy lieutenants of the fame shire or rant of the stewartry; and that m aH places and houses whatsoever where? King, &c. search is to be made, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful, Entry by force hi case of resistance, to enter by force; and that the arms so ***

seized may be restored to the former owners again, if the said Arfn# lieutenants, or in their absence, as aforesaid, their deputies, or may be re-any two or more of them shall so think fit. (fared to the .

XII. And be it further enacted, That all magistrates, and owners.

.other officers within the said shires or (lewartries, cities, bo- Magistrates, roughs or places aforesaid, be and are hereby required to be &c. toaffift. hiding and assisting to the said respective lieutenants and their deputies, or any of them, in execution of the premisses; and

that all and every pfcrfon and persons, who shaft act or do any thing in execution thereof, shall be hereby saved harmless and indemnified.

XIII. Provided also, That from and after the first day of No peer capa-

OtJober next to come, no person being a peer of this realm. We of being a shall be capable of acting or fenring as lieutenant or deputy .

lieutenant, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland* unless Jlnec li c lie or they shall first, before fix lords of his Majesty'* privy allegiance,&c. council for the time being, or such other persons as shall be authorized by his Majesty by order in council, to administer

the fame, take and subseribe *the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, and subseribe the afiurance appointed by law; for persons having offices or places of triift j and that from and alter the Nor any under Taid first day of October no person under the degree of a peer of the degree of this realm, shall be capable of acting as lieutenant, deputy ***** wnlefr, lieutenant, or other officer, in* that part of Great Britain called *c‘

' Scotland* unless he or they shall first take arid subscribc the oaths, and subseribe the afiurance aforesaid, which oaths and afiurance any one justice of the peace of the respective shires or flewar-tries is hereby enabled to administer; and the said lieutenant* pr any one justice of the peace of the respective shires or stew-artries aforesaid, is enabled to administer to the respective deputy lieutemyits, not being peers$ and the said respectivelicu-f tepants,

236 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 2n [1714;

tenants, and in their absence, or otherwise by their directions when they are not absent, their deputies, or any two of them shall, and are hereby enabled to administer the said oaths and afTurance to the said officers.

Persons hav- XIV. And be it further enacted, That such person or persons ing taken the who shall, in pursuance of this act, have taken and subscribed ud from ta£" t^c °aths, and subscribed the affiirance aforesaid, shall not be ing them a- further obliged to do the fame for the said matter or cause by gun* virtue of any other law or statute 5 and the said person or per-

fons, their taking and subscribine the said oaths, and their fub-Tobe certified scribing the said affiirance, shall be certified into the next quarto the (essions. ter-sessions of the peace which shall be held for such shire or stewartry, together with the original fubscription or subscrip-tions of the tame.

Penalty of XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such per-n€K,c~inSto son or persons who shall act as lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or take them, other officer, after three months neglect to take .or subscribe the oaths, or to subscribe the affiirance, as aforesaid, shall be liable to all penalties and disabilities, as persons executing offices or

5daces of trust, after three months neglect of taking and fub-bribing; the oaths as appointed by law.

The aft 1W. XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, & That from and after the tenth day of September next to come,

edtoScmland 2X1 a<^ made in the parliament of England in the first year of the ' reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for the better securing the government, by disarming papists and reputed papiftsy shall be in force in that part of Great Britain Exception, called Scotland^ excepting only that in lieu of the declaration mentioned in the said act, the oaths of allegiance and abjyra* tion shall be taken and subscribed, and the declaration called the Formuldy recited in an act of the parliament of ScotlandJ, pafie4 in the year one thousand seven hundred, intituled. Act for preventing the growth of popery, shall b? likewise made and subscribed ; and also that the counties, ridings, and divisions mentioned in the aforesaid ad, shall be construed and understood in Scotland to be shires or stewartries; and nothing in the said act contained shall be construed to establish any office which is not now in being in Scotland*

CAP. XXL

din act for enlarging the capital stock and yearly fund of the South-Sea company, and for supplying thereby eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four fhiUings and eight pence to publick uses; and for raising one hundred Jixty-nine thousand pounds for the like ufesy by fate of annuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned \ and for appropriating several supplies granted to his Majesty.

MAY it pleafeyour mofl excellent Majesty* Whereas the capital cr joint flock of the governor and compatiy of merchants of Great Britain trading to the Sopth-Seas, and other parte rf Atn$-

r»ca,

1714-] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2, c. 21; 2

rica, and for encouraging the fishery, being adjusted and settled, pursuant to an act of parliament made and passed in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, of blessed memory, intituled* 9 A®11* c An act for making goodde/iciencies, and latisfying the publick debts; and for eroding a corporation to carry on a trade to the South-Seas, and for the encouragement of the fishery; and for liberty to trade in unwrought iron with the subjects of Spain ; and to repeal the acts for registring Teamen, doth amount to the sum of nine millions one hundred seventy-seven thousand nine hundred sixty-seven pounds fifteen shillings four pence, and the yearly fund payable in respect thereof to the said governor and company, and their successors, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, at the receipt of the Exchequer, until the fame shall be redeemed pur-fiiant to that, and an act of the tenth year of her said late MajeJlfs I0 ftnn reign, intituled, An act for continuing the trade to the South-Seas, granted by an act of the last session of parliament, although the capital stock of the said corporation should be redeemed, doth amount to five hundred and fifty thousand six hundred seventy-eigbt pounds one Jbilling and four pence, besides the sum of eight thousand pounds per annum for and towards the charges of the said company for management: and whereas the said governor and company of merchantsfor accommodating your Majesty's publick affairs, are willing that the sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four shillings and eight pence may be added to the present capital or joint-flock of the said governor and company, whereby the whole capital or joint-flock of the said governor and company will a-mount to the sum of ten millions, and whereby the stock for the said sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four.

shilling* and eight pence may be disposable for such publick uses and services as are herein after prescribed, so as the sum of forty-nine thousand three hundred twenty-one pounds eighteen shillings and eight pence per annum (being after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum for the said sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four shillings and eight pence) may also be added tty the said yearly fund of five hundred and fifty thousand six hundred fe-venty-eight pounds one Jbilling and four pence, from the feqft of the nativity of Saint John Baptist in the year of our Lord one thousand (ruen hundred and fifteen, whereby the increasedfund of the said governor and company of merchants, from and after the feast-day loft mentioned, will amount in the whole to six hundred thousand pounds per annum (besides the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds for charges of management) and so as the said increased yearly fund be continued unto them until the fame shall be redeemed by parliament, as is herein after, mentioned, and so as the monies due to them upon their present yearly fund, and to grow due to them on their said increased yearly fund, and the monies due and to grozv due to them upon the said eight thousand pounds per annum (untilfuch redemption) be paid and secured, according to the tenof and true meaning of this present act: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great .Britain in parliament assembled, being defir-ous to aid your ijdajesty with such supplies as may be least bur-

thenfome

238 Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c«.* [1714*

thenfome or vexatious to your subjects, do humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it' enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by au-8»*,o3»1. 4s. thority of the fame. That the said sura of eight hundred twenty-Sd.to be added two thousand thirty-two pounds four shillings and eight pence, of the South1 *s an<* un*tc<^> and by force and virtue of this act shall

Sea stock” " be, and be deemed and taken (as firdm the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen) to be added and united to the said capital or joint-dock of the governor and company before named $ and that the said capital or joint-dock, with the fame addition, from the fead-day lad mentioned, doth amount, and shall be edeemed to amount in the whole to ten millions fter* Treasurer of ling ; and that the treasurer of his Majesty's navy now being, or the navy to the treasurer thereof for the time being shall, before the feast of fbm^n th<5 Saint Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thou-company's sand seven hundred and fifteen, write and be admitted to write book by Mich, the said Ann of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two *7*5- pounds four shillings and eight pence in the proper book of the

said governor and company, as part of the capital or joint* stock of the fame; and that the said stock of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four shillings and eight pence, so to be written in, shall be transferable, and from the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist shall have the fame dividends, benefits and privileges, and be subject to the same rules, directions and powers, as the rest of the capital stock of the said corporation from that time is to have, enjoy or be subject unto.

And to trans- II. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That oTthTcom11^ t^ie ^ treasurer of the navy, who shall write in the said Aim of pany * eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four 583,339!. 8<1. shillings and eight pence, as aforesaid, shall immediately there-part of the upon transfer and assign (in due form) to the cashier of the said raid stock so governor and company, or whom the court of directors of the writ cn in, c. gOVernor an(j company shall appoint, for the use of the said governor and company, the foil sum of five hundred eighty-, three thousand three hundred thirty-nine pounds and eight pence, part of the said stock which shall have been so written in, as aforesaid, that is to say, two hundred seventy-five thousand three hundred thirty-nine pounds and eight pence, part thereof, in full satisfaction of their said original fund for the half-year, reckoning from the feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and ended at the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen ihdufively j three hundred thousand pounds more thereof in fid^satisfactknvof thefr. said increased fond for the half-year, reckoning from the £lid feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen* and to end at the

*39

1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 21.

fcaft of the birth of our Lord Christ in the fame year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen inclusively; and the remaining eight thousand pounds thereof in full satisfaction of the said allowance of eight thousand pounds per annumy for their charges of management for one whole year, beginning from the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and to end on the like feast-day in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen inclusively.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared to be the true Chrifhnaa intent and meaning of this present act, That the said governor 1715. an ac-and company, or their caftiier for their use, shall and may (not- count to be withstanding any provision made by this act) proceed to receive Monies arifinlr so much of the money ariiing by the particular duties on (alt, jj£ {he duties rock-salt, and candles, and by the several rates on monies given on salt, can-with clerks, apprentices, and servants, mentioned in the said dies. See. of ad of the ninth year of her late Majesty's reign, as they might

have received if this act had not been madej but that within y 1 ten days after the feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, an exact account shall be made up by the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of all the monies, which, within the whole year ending at the fame feast, shall have been received by the said governor and company, or their cashier, of those particular duties or rates, and the (urn total of the monies so received or to be received by them within the said year, shall go and be reckoned and accounted as

!>art of the said increased fond, which shall first grow due to the aid governor and company, after the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and shall be deduded out of the fame increased fond accordingly; any thing in this or any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the remain-fom of two hundred thirty-eight thousand six hundred ninety- ing 238,693!. three pounds and four shillings, residue of the said fora of eight 4s. transfer ra^ hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four shillings ule

and eight pence, to be written in, as aforesaid, for the use of Davy> the publick, shall be, from time to time, transferable as any three or more of the commissionets of the treasury now being, or the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, by any warrant or warrants under his or their hands shall direct, for the use of his Majesty's navy or land-forces, or other publick services, and not otherwise.

V. And it is hereby enacted. That all the several duties. All the duties, revenues and surplus monies, whiclf, by the said act of the &c- 9 Anna, ninth year of her late Majesty's reign, were settled, appropri- prj^d to™* ated, appointed, or intended, for answering the yearly fond makegood which was to be adjusted by that ad, and the said yearly sum the increal'ed of eight thousand pounds, that is to say, such of the fame du- fund-ties, revenues and surplus monies as are already come into pof-fcflfon, and the rest of them as they shall severally take effect,

are

240

Anno primo Georgii I. StaL 2. c. 21. [1714.

are hereby appropriated, and shall be applied to and for the answering and making good all the payments which, after the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall grow due, for or upon the said increased fund, amounting to six hundred thousand pounds per annum, as aforesaid, and the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds for or towards charges of management, as aforesaid, and to none other, use, intent, or purpose whatsoever, under ' such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and disabiliries to be incurred and inflicted for diverting, misapplying, or detaining any the monies applicable to the payments by this act directed, as by the said act of the ninth year of her late Majesty's reign, or by any other act or acts relating thereunto, were in the like case intended to be infiifted or incurred for diverting, misapply-ing, or detaining any the monies which were to be paid in pursuance thereof.

A quarterly VI. And to the end there may he no failure in the payment of the account tohe Ja'tg increased fund of six hundred thousand pounds per annum, and Exchequer of £/*&*. thousenipoundsper annum, /««

monies anting fal(* f*act of hirth of our Lord Christ one thousand from hundred to pay the and fifteen, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to fund. the proviso herein after contained; be it further enacted by the

authority aforesaid. That the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, or the high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall, from and after the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, quarterly, at the four most usual feasts in every year, that is to say, the feasts of the annunciation of the blessed virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, and the birth of our Lord Christ, or within twenty days next after every of the said feast-days, cause a true and exact account to be made of all the monies which, on or before the said respective quarter-days within the quarter then . ended, shall have come, or was brought into the receipt of Exchequer, of the said duties and revenues, and surplus monies, or any of them, for or towards payment of the said increased fund, and the said yearly sum for charges ; and if upon making Deficiency to every or any such account, the monies so come or brought in be made good shall appear to fall short of one fourth part of the said yearly by the treafu- film of six hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand rer of the na- pounds, for the preceding quarter of a year, then, and so of-c* ten, and in every such case, all and every sum and sums of money, so deficient, shall, upon demand to be made by the said governor and company, or their cashier, by writing under the common seal of the said governor and company, of signed by the said cashier, and to be left with or for the treasurer of the navy of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for the time being, at or in the house or place used by such treasurer of the navy for the time being, for making payments for the use of the navy, or within twenty days after fuen demand, be anfwef-ed, made good, and satisfaed by the treasurer of the nay,* for

the

1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat' 2. c. 2 1. &41

the time beings of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, out of any monies then in his hands or power, or first coming to his hands or power, for the service of the navy, or the victualling thereof; all which monies are hereby charged to make good the said payments which shall be incurred and grown due to the said governor and company from time to time, with preference to any other payments to be made out of the fame for any use or service whatsoever; and the said payments to the said governor and company, or their cashier for their use, shall be made without fee or charge, and without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had or obtained from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any other person or peri'ons whatsoever ; and the said treasurer of the navy for the time being, is hereby authorized and required (in default of specifical money to answer the payment of any such deficiency or deficiencies, as aforesaid) forthwith to dispose so much of any tallies, ordm, annuities, or other parliamentary securities, which then or afterwards shall or may be in his hands or power, for the service . of the navy, or the victualling thereof, as will be sufficient to enable him to discharge the deficiency then due to the said go* vernor and company; and within twenty days after such demand, as aforesaid, to pay the fame in money without any deduction, discount or abatement to be borne or sustained by them; and such treasurer of the navy, from time to time, shall be allowed upon his account in the Exchequer all such payments so made by him ; and the said treasurer of the navy shall also be allowed ail such loss as shall happen by disposing such securities, upon the oath of the said treasurer (which the proper auditor hath hereby power to administer) verifying the truth thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Treasurer of the treasurer of the navy of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, the navy not shall at any time or times refuse or delay to make such payment Paying forfeits and applications, as aforesaid, of any of the publick monies hls 0 cc> *c# which shall be in or come to his hands or power, or (in default of specifick money) to sell and dispose of any the tallies, orders, annuities, or other parliamentary securities, which shall be in or come to his hands or power, and to apply the money ariiing by such sale or difpofifion, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient for that purpose, for or towards making good such deficiency or deficiencies of the said annual sums of nx hundred thou*

(and pounds, and eight thousand pounds, or either of them, as shall have incurred or become due, according to the true meaning of this present act, when and as often as any such deficiency shall happen, such treasurer of the navy shall Forfeit his office or place, and shall be liable to pay unto the said governor and company, and their successors, the value of all and every sum and sums of money so refused or negletfed to be paid, with treble damages and full costs of suit; the fame to be recovered by the said governor and company, and their successors, by action of debt, or of the case, bill, plaint or information founded upon Vol. XIII. ' R this

242

Treafnry to make an annual estimate

Anno primo GtoRGH I. Stat. 2. c.21. [1714*

this act, in any court of record of his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege bf parliament, or other privilege whatsoever, wager of law, or more than oos imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

VIII. And to the end the service of the navy or victualling may not be prejudiced by such application of the money or difpofttion of any of the produce parliamentary fecuritiesy which shall be applied to make good any huh of the fund, deficiency or deficiencies, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty- fifth aay of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, till such redemption by parliament, as aforesaid, there be annually within twenty days after the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, an estimate in writing made by the commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, by a medium of the three preceding years, of how much the revenues settled for payment of the said yearly fund of fig hundred thou-w oeoi sand pounds, and the said yearly sum of eight thousand pouods, jGcoTiV £9. produce for the year commencing from the twenty-fifth day

I*. 1, a, 3. ~ ' " r ' “J J 1

This fund re~ duced to 500,000!. by

to be laid before the parliament.

of December preceding such account, and ending the twenty-fifth day of December lucceeding such account, and how much the fame are like to fall short of answering and paying thereof; and shall caulb such estimate to be laid before the commons in parliament at their then session (if then actually fitting) or if the parliament shall not be then fitting, in such case, at their first or next session, to the end a fumcient provision may be made for the service of the navy, and vidualling thereof for that year; but the delay of making such provision shall not be miy (top or detriment to the making good, in the manner aforesaid, the deficiencies which shall happen in the payment of the said yearly fund of six hundred thousand pounds, or the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, but the fame shall from time to time, and at all times, until such redemption as herein after is mentioned, be answered, paid and made good by the treasurer of the navy, as aforesaid; any thing herein, or in the said former acts, or any of them contained, or any custom or usage of the navy, or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided dlways, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any time upon one year's notice, after the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, upon repayment by parliament of the said (urn of Sec 3 Geo. i. ten millions, and of all arrears of the said yearly sums of fix c. 9.1.1, 2,3, hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, or upon ax? 9 Ann?1 * payment thereof by and out of the surplus monies of the said duties and revenues settled for payment of the said yer/ly films; then, and not till then, all the impositions and duties by the said act of the ninth year of her late Majesty's reign, or by this present act appropriated, shall and may be disposed of by parliament ; and the said yearly fund of six hundred thousand pounds, ■and all annuities out of the fame, and the hid yearly sum of

eight

On one year'* notice and repayment, duties to cease.

c. st.

*43

1714*] Anno prlmo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.ar.

eight thousand pounds shall ccafc and determine; but that the said corporation by the name aforesaid, after such redemption of the said yearly sums, shall continue for ever, and have perpetual succession, and shall hold and enjoy all such forts, factories, ac-quifitions, lands, tenements and hereditaments, and all such be* nefits of trade, and other benefits, profits, powers, privileges, and advantages whatsoever, whereunto they would be entitled by the said aCfc of the tenth year of her late Majesty's reign, in case the redemption of their yearly fund were made pursuant to that act ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And it is hereby enacted, That the said several former But corpora* acts of the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty's reign, tion to conti-and all the powers, privileges, advantages, exemptions, rules, tQl'€?cr,r directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things

therein contained (bring now in force) touching or concerning

the said corporation, or the said duties and revenues by the said

acts or either of them settled, and the said yearly or other sums

to be paid out of the fame, or any of them (such alterations as

are made therein by this act always excepted) shall continue

and be put in execution in relation to the said corporation, and

the said duties or revenues appropriated by this act, and the

yearly or other sums hereby charged thereupon, as fully as if Adsof9Anm

the lame powers, privileges, advantages, exemptions, rules, confirm*

directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things ed.

(except as aforesaid) were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

XI. yfni whereas by an act of this feJTm of parliament, intituled*

An act for railing nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for publick services, by sale of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and to authorise a treaty concerning private rights claimed by the> proprietors of the sugar-houses in Scotland\ the yearly sum offorty* five thousand five hundred pounds, part of tht yearly sum of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds therein mentioned, is tnafted to be a dif* tin61 and feparote fund for answering and paying certain annuities* after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to he purchased upon that act, by quarterly payments, until the redemption thereof

by parliament, according to a proviso in that act contained in that *Oc0#I behalf: now for the encouragement of such persons and corpo- ' rations as are or shall be willing to advance for the service of the publick, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the farther sum of one hundred (ixty-nine thousand pounds, for purchasing annuities at the said rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be settled upon the yearly sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, other part of the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds, in the manner herein after mentioned 5 it is hereby further enacted and declared by to ** * the authority aforesaid, That the said yearly sum of eight thou- nu^detat^l" fund four hundred and fifty pounds, is and shall be a distinct percent. 5 * and separate fund, and be issued and applied (as this act directs) Ofthtfe, pa^t

R % for wrejujjcnbti

1

5-c. 5.

Fond to take

24} Anno primo GeorgIi 1. Stat.2. c. 4f .* [1714!

£y6Geo.i.c4. for answering and paying the annuities, after the rate of five *2* thj rir£ pounds per centum per annum, to be purchased upon this act, “ '^Geol ty quarterly payments, until the redemption thereof by parlia-' xnent according to the proviso herein after ()>ecified, and under the fame penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, for any offence or neglect touching the said fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum, or the payments to be made out of the fame, as are by the said act to be incurred for the like offence or neglect, in relation to the said yearly fund of forty-five thousand five hundred pounds, or to the payments charged thereupon ; any thing in this or the said recited act, or in any other law or fiatute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That place at Mich, yearly and every year, from and after the feast of Saint ATtthae) 171the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, for ever, the said yearly sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, other part of the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds, arising into the receipt of Exchequer, shall be the whole and entire yearly fund; and in case all the monies arising into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall not in any one year amount to so much as eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, (over and above the said yearly sum of forty-five thousand five hundred pounds) then the monies so arising, so far as they will extend, shall be part of the yearly fund, for or towards the answering and paying all the annuities, afjter the rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

Deficiency to to be purchased upon this act; and that all and every deficiency be made good and deficiencies of the said whole yearly sum of eight thousand aid/iVpwSa- our ^un(*rec^ an(* fifty pounds, or any part thereof, which shall *m appear at the end of any one year, to be reckoned as aforesaid, for payment of such annuities as shall be purchased upon this act, at the rate aforesaid for the fame year respe&ivchr, shall be supplied or made up, from time to time, out of the nrft aids to be granted in parliament next after such deficiency shall appear, and shall from time to time be transferred thereunto, as foonas such aid shall be granted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance aipi pay to the first or chief cathier of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, at or before the refoc&ve days and times by this act limited in that behalf, any ltmi or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of tone hundred (ixty-nine thousand pounds for the purchase of any annuity or annuities, to commence from the said feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and to be paid and payable to such contributor or contributors, or such as he, (lie or they dull no* minate, his, her or their executors, administrators, fucoeflors or assigns respectively, until the fame shall be redeemed accord*

ing

raent.

Any ptrfons may be contributors.

Anno primoTJEORGll I. Stat. *2. c. 21. 243

ingtothe tenor or true meaning of the proviso or condition herein after-mentioned in that behalf, so as such cashier or cashiers do first give security to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, or of the high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of the Exchequer for the publick use, the monies so to be advanced or contributed, and to account duly for the fame; and the purchase-money for every such annuity at the rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid to the said cashier, as afore- laid, at or before the respective days and times herein after limited, that is to say, one fifth part thereof on or before the< twenty-ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand feveu hundred and fifteen; one other fifth part thereof,, on or before the twenty-ninth day of November in the year of:

Jut Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; one other fth part thereof on or before the twenty*eighth day of January' thence next ensuing; one other fifth part thereof on of before the twenty-ninth day of March then next following; and the remaining fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of May which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; all which annuities so to be purchased shall not exceed in the whole the said sum of eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum, and shall be. paid; and payable at the four most usual feasts or days of payment in the year, (that is to say) the feasts of the birth of our Lord Times of pay« (phrift, the annunciation of the blessed virgin Mary^ the nati- ment. vity of Saint John Baptist, and Saint Michael the Archangel, by evert and equal portions, or within six days after every of the said feast-days; the first payment thereof to be due at the feast of the birth of our Lord Christ which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, or within six days after the fame feast-day; nevertheless the said annuities shall be redeemable according to the purport and true meaning of * proviso or condition herein after contained in that behalf, and not otherwise; and the said caftiier of the said governor and Cashier to give company for the time being, is hereby authorized and required; contributors upon-advancing and paying to him any such sum and sums of ^ Ttl0 pa°rS' money, as aforesaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing, into the ex- % signed bjrhimself for.each payment, to the contributor or payer chequer, &c. thereof, and from time to time to pay into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer all the monies which he shall receive of or for the said sum, not exceeding one hundred sixty-nine thou-(knd pounds, as fall as he shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days at the farthest ; and to account for all the monies so to be advanced to him in his Majesty's court of Exchequer, according to the due course thereof; in which account the said caftiier shall have just allowance of all monies which he shall have paid forprompt paymentspurfuant tothis act.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted. That in the office of the Accountant accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of general of the

R 3 England) bank to keep

246

a hook of the contributor*.

Annuities charged on the tund of S450]. See,

' Tax-free.

Bank to im-ploy a chief cashier and accountant general.

Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. a. C.iiJ {1714.

England* for the time being, there Hull be provided and kept a book or books, in which there shall be fairly entred the names of all who shall be contributors for such annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* as aforesaid, and of all persons by whose hands the said contributors shall pay in any of the said sums upon this act, and also the sum so paid \ to which book it shall be lawful for the said respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors and assigns, from time to time, at all seasonable times to have resort and inspect the fame, without fee or charge ; and the said accountant general for the time being shall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, transmk an attested duplicate fairly written in paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XV. And it is hereby enacted by the 'authority aforesaid, That all and every the annuities so to be mirchafea at the rate aforesaid, shall be and are hereby chargea upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time out of the monies arising and to arise of or for the said Yearly fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, or by other the provisions or supplies made or to be made by or in pursuance of this act for the payment thereof, in the manner and form by this a ft preferibedm that behalf; and that all and every contributor and contributors upon this act, duly paying the consideration of purchase-tthoney at the rate aforesaid, at or before the respective days and times in this act limited in that behalf for such annuity or annuities, as aforesaid, or such as he, (he or they shall appoint, his, bar or their respective executors, administrators, successors and assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this act, to have, receive and enjoy the respective annuity and annuities so to be purchased, out of the monies by this act appropriated or appointed, or to be supplied for payment thereof, as aforesaid, and shall have good and fore estatea and interests therein for ever, fobjeft only to the proviso or condition of redemption in this act afterwards contained concerning the fame; and that all the said annuities to be purchased on this act, and the principal monies paid for the fame, and every of them during the continuance thereof, shall be free from all taxes, charges and impositions whatsoever.

XVI. And for the more easy and sure payment of the said annuities to be purchased* as aforesaid, according to the true meaning this present act, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the governor and company of the bank of England* and their fuccc(ior6, shall from time to time, until the said annuities shall be redeemed by parliament according to this act, appoint and imploy one sufficient nerfon within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier, and one other sufficient person within the same office to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies that shall or ought to be, from time to time, separated or set apart in the receipt of

E*.

?7V4*} Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c.ai. 247

Exchequer, for or upon account of the said yearly fund of eight Cafliier to rc-thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, for anlwering the said at^he^xche-annuities to be purchased upon this act, as shall bear a full pro- qUer quarter- portion to the whole sum which shall be advanced or contributed ly, &c. upon this act, after the said rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall by order of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or of the high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury of his Majesty, his heirs and successors for the time being, witnout any further or other warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf, he from time to time, quarterly, as aforesaid, issued and paid at the said receipt of Exchequer, to the said first or chief cashier of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and of their successors for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said annuities te be purchased upon this act, at such times, and in such manner and form, as are by this act prescribed in that behalf; and that all and every such cashier or cafliiers, to whom the said monies shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time without delay apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his accounts thereof according to the due course of the Exchequer; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVTL And it is hereby also enacted, That the said account- Accountant ant general for the time being shall, from time to time, inspedt general t° in-and examine all the receipts and payments of the said cashier, of the and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any cashier. fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all and every person or Annuities a persons whatsoever, who shall be intitled to any of the fame an- personal e-nuitics to be purchased on this act, and all persons lawfully rtatc. See. claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, and the fame shall not be defcendable to the heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVin. And for tic encouragement of the contributors to advance interest at 81, and pen readily to the said cajbier the sums by them intended to be ad- per cent, for vancedupon this act, it is provided and enacted by the authority prompt pay* aforesaid. That every such contributor who shall advance and ment* pay to the said cashier within the times limited by this act, the purchase-money payable for any annuity or annuities at the fate aforesaid, his, ner or their executors, administrators, successors and assigns respectively, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution-money arising by this act, interest after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, for the prompt payment of the purchase-money, or of such proportions of the purchase-money as shall be so advanced before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen ; the said interest to be computed for the respective sums so advanced and paid to the said cashier, from the time or respective times of the actual advancing and paying the fame to the said cashier, until

R 4 the

248

advanced to be a joint-(lock, See,

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. C. 21: [1714.-

the said twenty ninth of September one thousand fever* hundred and fifteen.

All the monies XIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to be advanced or contributed upon this act, for or towards the said sum, not exceeding one hundred (ixty-nine thousand pounds, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one capital or joint (lock, on which the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending; and that all and every person and persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money by him, her or them advanced upon this all, shall have and be deemed to have an interest or share in the said (lock, and in the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforesaid, for the monies so by him, her or them advanced ; and that the said capital or joint stock, or any share or interest therein, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, shall be assignable and trans-ferrable or devifeable, in the same manner as the joint stock for the said monies, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, is by the said'altassignableand transferable or devifeable, and not otherwise j and in default of such transfer or devise, the said stock and annuities attending the fame, shall go to the ex-And free from ecutors or adininistrators; and that no damp-duties whatsoever itamp-dutie*. ^ cjiargC3i)|e on tjlc fajj transfers, or any of them j any other law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Affiance of XX. And it is hereby enalfed and declared. That all persons stock liable to w]10 f}iall accept any assignment or transfer of any (lock from due of^ontri- any contr*butor, who shall have paid only part of the contribu-hution-money tion-money for the fame upon this all, shall be liable to pay the

Stock trans-ferrable.

unpaid.

No contribu. tion after 19 Sept. 1715.

Penalty for

residue of the said contribution-money, and to such forfeitures for non-payment thereof, as the original contributor would have been liable, if no such transfer had been made*

XXI. Provided always, That no person or persons whatsoever shall or may purchase or obtain, or be admitted to purchase or obtain any of the annuities, at the rate aforesaid upon this all, unless the whole, or one fifth part at lead of the considera-tion-money for the fame, at such rate as aforesaid, be advanced and paid to the said cashier, on or before the said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

XXII. Provided also, That in case any such contributor, as not paying by aforesaid, who shall, on or before the said twenty-ninth day of limited” September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, have advanced to the said cashier one fifth part of his, her or their said purchase-money, or his, her or their executors, administrators, successors or assigns, do not advance and pay to the said cashier one other fifth part of his, her or their consideration-money so to be paid for such respeltive annuity or annuities, as arbreuid, on or before the twenty-ninth day of November then next enfu- ing; and one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-eighth day of January then next coming; one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of March then next

follow-

249

1714*1 Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 21.

following; and the remaining fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of May which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen ; then and in every such case refpdtively, so much of the consideration- money as shall have been actually paid for the first payment to the said cashier for such respeltive annuity, shall be forfeited for the use of the publick, and no interest, at the rate aforesaid, shall be payable for the said first paymentj any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Bank to conti-authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the nu'e a corpora-bank of England, and their successors (notwithstanding the re-demption of all or any their own funns, in pursuance of the

alts for establiftiing the fame, or any of them) shall continue a corporation, with all the powers, privileges and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purposes in this act expressed, till all the annuities, atter the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be purchased on this act, shall be redeemed by parliament, according to the proviso herein after contained in that behalf; and that the said governor and company, or any members thereof, shall not incur any disability for or b^ reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, No fees to be That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall or may be demandedtaJccn* .

or taken of any his Majesty's fubjdts for receiving or paying the said contribution monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or other receipts concerning the fame, or for issuing the said yearly fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, or any part thereof, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them; and that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any such transer, as aforesaid, of any sum great or small, to be made in pursuance of this all, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this act, shall forfeit the (urn of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered with full costs, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au- When these thority aforesaid. That at any time upon one year's notice, and annuities shall repayment by parliament of the sum of one hundred sixty-nine £ thousand pounds, or so much thereof as shall be advanced upon 9& % see

this act, unto the respeltive contributors of the fame, or to 9 Geo. 1. c. 5. such'person and persons as by, from or under them, shall be 10Geo. i.c.'$# then entitled to the said annuities to be purchased on this act, after the rate of five pounds per eentum per armumy in respelt of the money so advanced, according to such interest as they re-fpeltively shall then have in the fame annuities, and also upon full payment and satisfaltion of all arrears of the fame annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, if any shall be then due, then and not till then, the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum to be purchased on this act, shall cease and determine, and from thence-

2 5°

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. a. c. ar. [1714*

forth so much of the general or aggregate fund in the said recited act mentioned or referred unto, and of the said particular duties chargeable with thele annuities, as aforesaid, as the fame annuities shall amount unto, shall be underftooi to be redeemed by parliament, but without prejudicing any other of the yearly sums cr payments by this or any other act charged or intended to be charged on the said general or aggregate fund, or upon the said particular duties which shall then remain to be fe-tisfied out of the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

The cathier XXVI. Provided always, ana it is hereby enacted, That ths *■£ commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the tune

ESai?! &c7* being, shall have power to allow to the cashier or cashiers, who * * shall receive the said contribution or advance money, not ex-

ceeding one hundred sixty-nine thousand pounds, as aforesaid, for his or their pains ana charges in receiving and accounting for the fame, a sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, out w the contribution or. advance money aforesaid; and shall alib have power (out of the remainder of the said yearly sum of fifty-four thousand six hundred pounds, to arise over and above lb much as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to discharge all monies which shall be due on the annuities to be pure ha fed on this and the said former act) to allow and pay to the said cashier for the time being, a salary or allowance, not exceeding one hundred pounds ptr annum, for receiving the money to pay the annuities upon this act, and applying the feme to that use, and for his pains and charges in keeping and rendring his accounts thereof} and a salary or allowance, not exceeding one hundred pounds ttr annum to the said accountant general for the time being, for his (etyice and charge in performing the duty and trust incumbent upon him b/ mis ad; any thing in this or any other ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Additional al- XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all lowance for md every person and persons, who have or hath contributed or Pay- advanced any sum or sums of money upon the said former act for an annuity, after the rate of five pounds ptr an turn ptr annum, and hath paid to the said cashier the whole, or one fifth, or any greater part of the contribution-money for purchasing such annuity} and all and every person and persons who shall contribute or advance any sum or sums of money upon this or the said former act for the like annuity, and shall, on or before the twenty-ninth day of Stptttnbtr one thousand (even hundred and fifteen, pay to the said cashier the whole, or one fifth, or any greater part of the contribution or consideration money for such annuity, shall, over and above all other encouragements before by this or the said former acts given or allowable, be repaid out of any monies which are or shall be in the hands of the said cashier, arisen, or to arise by contributions, for the use of the publick, as aforesaid, not only so much as an additional allowance after the rate of twenty shillings per centum, to be computed upon the whole contribution or consideration money,

advanced

*5*

1714*1 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 21.

advanced and to be advanced by such person or persons, doth or shall amount to, but also lb much as another additional allowance, after the rate of five pounds centum per annum, shall amount unto, to be computed upon every sum advanced, or to be advanced before the days limited in this or the said former act (the first payment excepted) from the time of actual payment thereof to the said cashier, until the respective days when the fame by the limited days aforesaid would become due.

XXV111. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Appropria-all the loonies lent and to be lent to his Majesty, upon one ad tion of the fe-of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid veral.'“P?™ io his Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the ft^n.

fervid of the year one thousand seven hundred and , and so 1 Geo." 1.

much money, if any such be, of the tax thereby granted, as flat. ». c. 1. shall arise and remain after all the loans made or to be made on that ad, or thereby transferred or diieded to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said tax, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame; and all the mo- , <3^ l( Dies lent and to be lent unto his Majesty upon the duties on fat. *. c s* malt, mum, cyder and perry, charged and continued by another ad of this session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and so much money of the said duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain (if any such be) after all the loans made or to be made on that ad, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the in* terest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties thereby granted, shall be satisfied, or moniesTuffi-dent shall be referred to discharge the fame; and all the mo- , Geo. *. nies advanced or contributed, or to be advanced or contributed fat.». c. 19. upon an act of the present session of parliament, for railing any fiim not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for publick services, at the rate of five pounds per tentum per , the allowances prescribed by that ad only excepted; and all the monies not exceeding one hundred sixty-nine thousand pounds, authorized to be advanced for the like services, and at the like rate, upon this present act, and all the proceed of the said flock by this act added, and intended to be added to the capital stock oF the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas (the Hock for the said sum of five hun* dred eighty-three thousand three hundred thirty-nine pounds and eight pence, to be transferred to or for the life of the said governor and company in manner as aforesaid, only excepted) mall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several uses, intents and purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such restrictions as are herein after prescribed: that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared.

That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the font of one million one

hundred

252 The navy.

Office of ordnance.

Land forces.

.Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c.2i. [f7r4*

hundred forty-six- thousand seven hundred and forty-eight pounds and eleven pence, for the naval services following, that is to say, for defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half-pay to sea-officers, and for victual, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for sea-service in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards the extraordinary repairs of the navy, rebuilding of ships, and other extraordinary works of the navy performed and to be performed, and for or towards completing the furniture and ltares of his Majesty's ships in repair or to be repaired ; and any sum or Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of ninety-three thousand six hundred twenty-nine pounds nine-teen thillings and nine pence, for services relating to his Ma~ jetty's office of ordnance herein after mentioned, that is to (ay, for the charges of the said office for land-services performed and to be performed, and to complete half-pay for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, to the military officers and chaplains who served in the train of artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several expeditions ;.*and any sum or Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million twenty-four thousand nine hundred and seven pounds five shillings and two pence half-pcny, for maintaining his Majesty's land-forces, arid other services herein after expressed, that is to say, for maintaining his Majesty's guards and garrisons in Great Britain, Jersey and Gvernfry, and his forces in America, and twelve companies of invalids, and three independent companies in North Britain, for one year, from the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in Minorca, for the fame year: and for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrison in Gibraltar^ for the fame year; and for the charge of the officers servants of the regiments in Minorca and Gibraltar, from the twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and for maintaining the three regiments of Harrison, North and Grejy and Sterne, (in Flanders or elsewhere) from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for maintaining seven battalions, confiding of the royal regiment of foot, and the regiments of Webby Forfar, Hilly Orrery, and Suttony (in Flanders or England) from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, till the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, (at which time they were transferred to the establiftutient of Ireland;) and for bounty-money to difoanded men of several regiments which were reduced in order to transferring those regiments to the establishment of Ireland; and for maintaining fhc additional forces, confining of threp thousand dragoons.

Hi

1714..] Anrto primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 22.

and four thousand foot* (including commission and non-commission officers) and four companies of foot added to the Cold-stream regiment offoot-guards, for one whole year, and to defray the levy-money for the said additional forces; and for support of the royal hospital at Chelsea, and pay of the out-pen? Chelsea ho& iioners for one year, from the twenty-fourth day of December Pital* one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, (over and above the several poundages and days pay applicable there- . :

unto;) and for defraying such pay or naif-pay as his Majesty Half-pay offi-hath allowed, or shall think fit to allow to the officers of the cerfa land-forces and marines disbanded, being his Majesty's natural-born subjects, or naturalized, including such officers of lieutenant general Hamilton's regiment of foot, and excepting such officers as are or shall be otherwise provided for, from the time of making such other provision for them respectively j and for anfwenng other extraordinary Services or augmentations relating to his Majesty's land-forces; and any sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, towards satisfying the monies due for subsidies and arrears or other debts upon account of Subsidies and the land-forces; and any sum not exceeding fifty-three thou- arrcars* sand three hundred and twenty-two pounds, for supplyingthe deficiency of the fund for the classis lottery, of the year one Deficiency of thousand seven hundred and eleven, for the year ended at Mf?the clairi8 ,oU cbatlmas one thousand seven hundred, and fourteen; and anytery*J?llm sum not exceeding fifty-two thousand nine hundred thirty-eight pounds nine shillings and eight pence, for supplying the defir ciency of the fund for the classis lottery in the year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for the year ended at Michaelmas Deficiency of one thousand seven hundred and fourteen: and that the aids orthe classis.lot-supplies provided, as aforesaid, (except before excepted) fbiall »l?l2' not be iilued or applied to any ule, intent or purpose whatsoever, other than the uses and purposes before mentioned. Provided always, That such sums as by auy other alt of this fession of parliament shall be payable to any cocnmissioners of accounts, Commission-for their salaries, or for their clerks, or other incident charges, ers of ac-shall and may be paid out of the aids or supplies aforesaid, counts, &c* any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Vide 3.Geo. 1. c. .9. W 6 Geo. 1. c. 17.

CAP. XXII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to settle a revenue for supporting the dignity of her royal highness the princess, in ' case fie shall furvrve his royal highness the prince of Wales.

MOST gracious fever sign* We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjetlsy the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being truly sensible bow acceptable it will be to your Ma-je/ly9 that a goody certain and competent revenue be settled for sup-perti'lS tk* honour and dignity of her royal highness the pruicefi in

case

*54

s Aim. Hat-1 C-7-

f Ann. c. 10.

9 Ann. c.it.

Anno primo Geokgii L Scat. 2- c.13. [1714.

tafejhe foaU survive her royal comfort the mast exuBemt prince Gtorn prince of Wales, ycur Majesty s most dearly beloved foot; csi cm-fidering the happing ft which this kingdom* by the blessing zf Abmghy God* cannot fail to enjoy* by a long fiucession of prim cs derived from her most illustrious royal highnefo the princess* who ha:* with m cm-fancy and greatnef: of mind peculiar to kerjeif* given early and never to be forgotten inflames of her zeal for the pr defiant reSgim : ad wtU knowing* that by an act made tn the fxrft year of the reign if , her late majesty Queen Anne, (of blejfod memory) far prefonag the inheritance of Jevtral revenues of the crown* intituled* An act for the better uipport of her Majesty's houshold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, all grants thereof (other than fed as are therein exprejfod) are declared to be void; and that by the act made in the ninth year of her find late Majestfs reign* intituled* An act for cstablishing a general pod-office for all her Majesty's dominions ; and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majesty's oc-caftons, it was enacted, That such part of the duties and revenues artjing in or by the general letter-office or post-office* which was thereby vested in her Majesty* her heirs and successors* and therein mentioned to be undeterminable* should not be alienable* chargeable or grantable for any ejlate* term or time whatsoever* to endure longer than the life of the King or Queen that should make such alienation* charge or grant respectively; and that all gifts* grants* alienations and assurances whatsoever* to be bad or made of* and charges upon the fame duties or revenues* or any part thereof contrary to the prow-fion of that act* should be null and void; do never thclrfs mo ft humbly* cheerfully and unanimoujly beseech your Majesty that it may bt enacted* tec.

Bit Majesty, by letters patent, may grant to'the princeft of Wales an annuity of 50,0001. per annum, in case (he survive the prince, to be paid quarterly, viz. 40,000). per annum out of the poll office. 9 Anns, c. 10. The remaining io.oooI. out of the hereditary excise. it Car. 1. c. j# His Majesty, by letters patent, may attire to the princess Somerset-house, Ac. His Majesty's grant of 100,0001, per annum to the prince of Waka, fin b? paid without foes, and free from taxes. This annuity may be fpocifcUy charged on such branches of customs and excile as are applicable Xa die civil list, &c. EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for making provision for the ministers of the fifty new

churches, which are to be built in and about the London and Westminster, and suburbs thereof \ and far rebuilding and finishing the parish-church of Saint Mary Woolnoth in the said city of London.

MOST gracious Sovereign, by an all

made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Syoet Anne, intituled, An act for granting to her Majesty feveraldu-tics upon coals, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, and

other

*55

.] Anno primo Georgii I. Star. 2. c. 2$.

purposes therein mentioned, it was enactedy That for aO f coals and culm,, which frm and after the fourteenth day of me thousand /even hundred andfxteen, and before the nine and eth day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty fbsuld be imported and brought into the port of the city of mi, or the river of Thames, within the liberty of the said in the fame river9 there should be paid to her said late Maher heirs and JuccefJorsy by way of imposition thereupon, over ffides all other impositions and duties^ according to the rates 1 and herein after mentioned; that is to say, from and after d fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ftxteeny fore the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand hundred and fixtec the chalder

mchester measurey the sum of two shillings j and for ort of coals as are sold by the tun, for every tun thereof con-I twenty hundred weight, the sum of two shillings; and from her the eight and twentieth day of September one thousand hundred and sixteeny and before the eight and twentieth day of tiber one thousand seven hundred and twenty four y there should i for every fuel) said chalder of coals and cubny and tun oj coals* n of three shillingSy the fame to be raifedy levied-, collected and 0 her said late Majesty, her heirs and fucceJforsy as therein u ned: and it is thereby furtherenafteiy That all and every such, 'id sums of money, which should be raifedy collected and levied tue of that act (the neceJJary charges of raifingy managing and ting for the fame, excepted) Jbouldy frm time to timey be St and paid into the receipt of Exchequer, and by force and of that act were and should be appropriated, ijfuei, applied fpofedy for the building of fifty new churches of stone and other materials y with towers or Jteeples te each of them; whereof as by the said act directed to be erected in the parish of East iwich in the county of Kent; and for purchasing of sites of ns % and church-yardsy and burying-placesy in or near the cities ttidon and Westminster, or the suburbs thereof; and for g such chapelsy as were then already built and capable thereof,\ churches, and for purr chafing houses for the habitations of the ers of the said churches \ and for applying the sum offour thou-rounds per annum, out of the said duties and impositionsy to-r the repairing and finijhlng the collegiate church of saint Peter minder, and the chapels of the fame\ and also for applying the ?fix thousand pounds per annum out of the said duties and im~ ns arising by that afty towards the finishing Greenwich-itaJ, and the chapels thereunto belonging, and to and for none use, intent or purpose whatsoever : and it was thereby farther dy That it should and might be lawfuly to and for her said lata ffy, by letters patent under the great fed of Great Britain, te vtey conjlitute and appoint such persons as her said late Majesty think Jit to be comrnijfioners for the purposes in that act mcn-f j which said cmm\Jfionersy or so many of them as should by tbf mmission be authorized, are by the said act drifted to enquire

and

2 $6 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 23 j [1714;

and inform them/elves, in what parishes the said new churches (except that for Greenwich) were most necessary to he built, and of proper places for the sites of the said refteftrue new churches, and aye a cemetery or church-yard for each of the said churches, for the burtd of christian people, /0 be purchased; also which of toe said chapels were fit to be made parish- churches; and to ascertain the fevered houses, lands, tenements and hereditaments, and the hounds and limits Which in their judgments or opinion might he fit to he made difiinft pari/bes; and to enquire and inform themselves, by the best means they could, */* value of such houses, iWf, tenements and hereditaments, and of the respective estates and interests therein, they

should think necessary to be purchajed for the said sites and cemeteries^ and j'or houses for the habitations of the respeflive mimfiers; and the said commissioners were by the said act required, on or before the fear and twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, to report or certify to her said late Majesty in writings under their hands and feats, such matters and things as should appear to them upon their enquiries aforesaid, with their opinions thereupon, and present a duplicate of fuen report or certificate to each of the two houses of parliament, to the end such further directions might he 1 given thereupon, as might be pursuant to her said late Majestfs pious intentions in the premisses: and whereas by one other act of par ha- I so Ann. c. ii. fnent^ ma^g m fa tentfj year gj' fa fag Majesty's reign, in- |

tituled, An act for enlarging the time given to the comfflissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an act for granting to her Majesty several duties on coals, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, and other purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said commissioners further powers for the better effecting the fame; and for appointing monies for rebuilding the parish-church of Saint Mary IVoolnoth in the city of London; reciting therein in part the said receited act, and that in pursuance thereof her said late Majesty, by letters patent under the gnat seal of Great Britain, did nominate, confiitute and appoint several commissioners for the purposes in the said first receited act mentioned,

^ Aim. c. 22. wjtjyJfa powgrs ang authorities as in the same act are expressed; and further reciting, that the said commissioners did apply themselves to the execution of the powers therein mentioned, but could not perfect within the time limited what was by the said act intended; it was therefore enacted by the said act of the tenth year of the reign of her said late Majesty, That notwithstanding the time limited by the said letters patent was expired, it should and might be lawful, to and for the said commissioners so appointed by the said letters patent, or any five or more of them, and they were thereby authorised and required to meet, from time to time, as often as there should be occasion, either with or without adjournments, and to enquire and inform themselves 9 Ann. c. 22. cf all and every the matters and things therein committed to them, or any Jive or more of them, in or by the said first receited act, or by that present act intended to be by them performed, until they should bow completed and finijbed the fame: and it was thereby further provided

and

k7*4*l Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2, c- 23. 257

and enactedy That it should and might be lawful* to and for her faii

late Majesty* her heirs and successors* tit any time before the twenty-

ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, by

letters patent under the great j'eal of Great Britain, to nominate* con-

Jlitute and appoint such persons to be commissioners to execute all and

every the powers in the said several acts mentioned, as her said late

Majesty should think fit; and from such appointment so made* the

powers granted by the said act of the tenth year of the reign of her 10 Ann. c. 11.

said late Majesty* to the commissioners in the former letters parent,

should determine: and whereas her said late Majesty did, in pursuance of the said last recited ady by letters patent under the great Jeal of Great Britain, bearing date on or about the seven and twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, nominate* constitute and appoint several persons to be commissioners for the purposes in the said recited acts mentioned; and that they, or any five or more of themy should do* perform and execute all and every the powers* matters and things in and by the find recited acts, and either of them* appointed to be done and performed: we your Alojejly's tnojl dutiful and loyal subjefls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fenabled* being zealous to provide such supplies as may enable your Majesty to pursue your pious and gracious intentions, to provide for the maintenance of the ministers who arc to attend the service of God in the new churches to be eroded^ pitrfuant to the said recited acts of parliament* in or.about the cities London and Westminster, and Juburbs thereof* for the honour of the church of England, and the advancement of our holy religion* do most humbly present to your Majesty, the several impositions* rates and duties herein after mentioned* and do befieeb your .Majesty* that it may be enacted; and be it Additional enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the on

advice and consent of the lord9 spiritual and temporal and com- ™\m brought mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho- into the port rity of the fame. That for all fort of coals and culm which, of London, from and after the twenty-seventh day of September out thousand *Ca *r°m seven hundred and twenty-four, and before the twenty-eighth Sept7ag,\7ij. day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-live. For the fa-(hall be imported and brought into the port of the city of fates relating London* or the river of Thames, within the liberty of the said to tbef* city upon the fame river, there shall be paid to his Majesty, 7

his heirs and successors, by way of imposition thereupon, over w. 3. c. 18. and besides all other impositions and duties, according to the rates hereafter mentioned, that is to say, For all such forts of coals and culm as are yfually sold by the chalder, for every chalder thereof, containing thirty-six bushels, JVmchester measure, the sum of three shillings ; and for such fort of coals as The rates, are sold by the tun, for every tun thereof, containing twenty hundred weight, the sum of three shillings: which said respec- Tohe rai fed, tive sums of three shillings for every chalder of coals and culm, &c. as by any and tun of coals, shall from time to time, during the term be- n°w ** fore-mentioned, be raised, levied, collected and paid to hisforcc' Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner, method and form, and at such places, and by such rules, ways VoL. XIII. S and

*5*

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2.c.2j. * £17^4^

and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures as are mentioned, expressed and referred unto, in and by any ad, hw or statute, acts, laws or statutes now in force, for raising, levying, collecting or answering any other duty or duties now payable to his Majesty for or upon any coals or culm whatsoever, imported or brought coastwise into the said port of London; and that all and every the powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, articles, rules and daufes in the lame acts, laws and statutes, or any of them, mentioned or contained (except such and so much of them for and concerning which it is otherwise provided in this present act) shall be of such force and effect, to all intents and purposes, for the railing, levying, collecting and answering the impositions hereby granted, for and during the said term herein before limited, as if the fame were particularly and at large set down and enacted by this act.

^brou2h^to And be !t further enacted by the authority aforesaid, into the Ex- That all and every such sum and sums of money, which shall chequer, and be raised, colledea and levied by virtue of this act (the necessary appropriated charges of railing, managing and accounting for the fame ex-

tenance^fthe cePtcc*) ^*om t*me to t‘me> b© brought and paid into the ministers. receipt of Exchequer, and by force and virtue of this act, are Part of this and shall be appropriated for and towards the providing due money boov to maintenances for the ministers to attend the service of God in c ncw c^urc^es t(* be erected in and about the cities of London fcd°i.2 C IC' and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, pursuant to the said recited acts of parliament, and shall for that purpose be issued, applied and disposed in such manner, as shall hereafter be diredod by parliament.

stot to extend M- Prov*ded, That this act, or any thing therein contained, to coals for the shall not extend, or be construed to extend to charge or lay any ufeofChelfea-of the duties or impositions hereby imposed upon such coals, hospital. (not exceeding one hundred chalders by the year) as lhail he ' brought into the port of London from Newcajtle upon Tim, or any other place, for the only use and service of the royal hospital at Chelsea; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

TheKingmay IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, appoint com- That it shall and may be lawful, to and for his Majesty, his missioners to heirs and successors, by letters patent under the great leal of StwsVn the Great Britain, from time to time, to nominate, constitute and former acts. appoint such persons as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think fit, to be commissioners, who, or any five or more of them, shall have power to execute all and every the powers, matters and things in and by the said recited acts, or either of them, appointed to be done and performed; any thing in the acts before recited, or in any other act or acts to the contrary And to Inform notwithstanding: and also to enquire and inform tfremselves in themselves what manner, by and out of the duties hereby granted, and nanc c may" >c otherwise, a due maintenance may be provided and settled for provided for the ministers who are to attend the service of God in the said

new

1714.] Anno primo Georgii I. Seat. 2. c. 24. 259

new churches, to be erelted and built in and about the cities the said minis-of London and fVefminster, and suburbs thereof; which .

commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall, on or be- foreMarch*cl fore the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred i7i6, certify5* and sixteen, report or certify to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-their enquiries cefiors, in writing under their hands ana seals, such matters10 his Majesty, and things as shall appear to them upon their enquiries as afore- p|icafeto each laid, with their opinions thereupon, and present a duplicate of house of par-such report or certificate to each of the two houses of parlia- liament. ment, to the end such further directions may be given thereupon, as may be pursuant to his Majesty's pious intentions in the premisses; and from such appointment of new commissioners The former so to be made, the powers granted to, or vested in the commis- c°rami(fioners fioners in the said last recited letters patent named, shall de- Ermine? termine; but nevertheless all contrails and agreements, which But their con. were made and perfelted by the said commissioners, in the said trash before last recited letters patent named, on or before the twentieth Aug*.ao».17*5* day of Auguf one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall beto m orcc* of the fame force and effelt as they would have been, if this present act had not been made.

V. And whereas the provision made by the said recited act of the Clause for re* tenth year of her said late Majesifs reign9 for rebuilding the parish- building the church of Saint Mary Woolnoth, London, is at present ineffec-tualy by reason of the great charges and incumbrances upon the duty Woolnoth^ and revenuefrom which the said provision was to issue; and it is ab- London. folutely necessary that the said church should be immediately rebuilt: be 1° Ann. c. 11. it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said parish church of Saint Mary Woolnotby and the tower thereof, shall be rebuilt and finished in such manner as the said cora-missioners already authorized, or the commissioners to be authorized by virtue of this all, shall direCt, out of the duties granted by the said recited alt of the ninth year of her said late Majesty's reign; and that the monies to be imployed for that 9 Ann. c. a*, purpose shall be replaced and made good out of, and by the monies applicable by virtoe of the said act of the tenth year of her said late Majesty*s reign, to the rebuilding and finishing the said church and the tower thereof. Vide 4 Geo. i.r. j.y 4 5 Geo. 1. c. 9. 1 Geo. 2. fat. 2. c. 8.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for appointing commissioner* to take, examine and (late the debts due to the army. EXP.

S 2

CAP.

t6o Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2.0.25. f 1714;

CAP. XXV.

An act to prevent disturbances by seamen, and others; and to preserve the Jlores belonging to his Majesty's navy royal\ and also for explaining an act for the better preventing the imbezilment of his Majesty's Jlores of war, and preventing cheats, frauds and abuses in paying seamens wages $ and for reviving and continuing an act for the more effectual fuppression of piracy.

WHEREAS divers fightings, quarrellings and difiurbances, Jo often happen in and about his Majesty's offices, yards and Jlores belonging to his Majesty's royal navy, and frequent difference and disorders are occasioned in and about the office of his Majesif x treasury of the navy, on pay dys in London, Portsmouth, and ether places of meeting for the service of the said navy, ly the unrea-sonable turbulency of seamen, and others, attending on or relating t$ that service, or their creditors, or by the rudeness of the officers in-trufied with his Majesty 5 Jlores on land, or in his royal Jh 'tps % when they are questioned by the principal officers and commissioners of tk't said navy, either for neglect or imbezilment of his Majesty's previ-fions, ammunition, or other equipage of the navy under their charge, not only to the disturbance of the peace, but sometimes to the danger and hindrance of his Majesty's service, both in point of husbanding his Majesty's revenue, and also in the dispatch of the ships, on which the honour and safety of his Majesty and kingdom so much depends, which inconveniencies require a speedier remedy than the ordinary eourfe of justice; the parties accused or offending being many times bound to fca, and the principal officers ana commissioners for want of authority to suppress such insolencies and disorders, and hear, determine and punish such offences, being necessitated to pass by many offences in which his Majesty might be righted, if their necessary attendance on that important service would permit the prosecution of the Treasurer, &c. offenders before other ordinary judicatures: for remedy whereof, be VereS to lX ena<^e<^ by King's most excellent majesty, by and with the pumfh persons *d v i ce and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com-who make dif-mons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the turbances in fame, That the treasurer, comptroller, surveyor, clerk of the the yards, &c. a^S5 ancj t^e COmmissioners of the navy for the time being, or any one or more of them shall, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September next ensuing, have power and authority, by warrant under any one or more of their hands and seals, to cause such offenders to be apprehended and brought before him or them, and to examine and punish all such person and persons whom he or they, upon their enquiry and examination of witnesses upon oath, (which oath he or they are hereby impowered to administer) or upon confelCon of the party or parties accused, or on view in his or their presence, shall find to make, or have made any such disturbance, fighting or quarrelling in any the yards, stores, offices or places aforesaid, at

pay-

T714O Anno primo Geoicgii I. Stat. 2. c. 25.' 26t

pay-days, or on other occasions relating to the naval services, in such manner as followeth (that is to say) that they, or any one or more of them, may punish any the said offences by fine, im-prisonment, or either of them, the fine not exceeding twenty shillings, and imprisonment not exceeding one week ; and have power in such cases to commit such person to the next gaol, or to the custody of the messenger or messengers for the time being attendant on them, who respectively are to receive and detain such person so offending; and that the said principal officers and commissioners, or any one or more of them then present, have hereby power and authority to discharge such fine or imprisonment, if they think fit, and for nonpayment of the fine so imposed and not remitted, to imprison the party offending until payment thereof, or otherwise to cause such offender or offenders to be sent to the next house of correction to the place where such offence shall be committed, there to be kept at hard labour for the space of two months, without bail or main~ prize, which said fines shall be paid to the clerk of the chest at Chatham for the use of the maimed seamen.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- And may bind, laid. That the said officers and commissioners, or any one orth*

more of them (in cases where greater example or punilnment is vtourand^to* needful) may also bind the person or persons so offending, to appear at the their good behaviour, and to answer the offences whereof they affixes, shall be accused, at the next assizes or general quarter-sessions of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall be committed, with or without securities, as occasion shall be 3 and in default of such securities, where the fame shall be required, to commit the person or persons offending, as aforesaid, to the common gaol of the county or place where such offence shall be committed, in order to their being prosecuted for such offence or offences at the next assizes or general quarter-sessions of the peace for such county or place.

III. And whereas divers of his Majestfs stores and ammunition jP* said of* pertaining to his navy and shipping, or service thereof\ are often pri* £ red* vately imbezilled or filched away: for the more effectual discovery quire of the of such stores and ammunition, it is hereby further enacted by imbezilment the authority aforesaid, That the said principal officers and com- of naval missioners of his Majesty's navy, or any one or more of them, the of, shall have hereby power to enquire, and by warrant under his fender* 1 or their hands and seals, to impower any person or persons to

search for the fame in all places, in like manner as justices of peace may do in case of felony, and punish the offenders by such fine and imprisonment, as aforesaid, the value of the goods so imbezilled or filched away, not exceeding the sum of twenty shillings, and cause the goods to be brought in again; and if the offence be of such nature as doth require an higher and severer punishment, then that they, any one or more of them, may commit such offender to the next gaol, or to the custody of their mefienger or messengers aforesaid, till he or they offending, enter into recognizance with surety or furetiest according

S3 *9

262

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.i£ [1714.

to the nature of the offence, to appear and answer to the fame in his Majesty's court of Exchequer, or other court where his Majesty shall question him or them for the fame, within one* year following, on process duly served for that purpose on such offender or offenders.

IV. And whereas divers ill-disposed persons upon pretence of carrying his Majesty's naval goods, provisions, vifinals, fores and ammunition from his Majesty's yards, wharfs, floreboufes, or other places, to his Majesty's flip or ships, or to such flip or ships as art imployed in his Majesty's service, or such persons as are imployed to recarry or remove from the said flip or flips such naval flaresy goods, provisions, vifiuals, flores and ammunition, to such his Majestfs yards, wharfs, floreboufes, or other places, do frequently imbezil, tab and carry them away, where they cannot be found, and remove themselves to places unknown, before they can be apprehended or convifiet by due process of law, by reason that those witnesses that should prove the said fafis are bound forth to flea, or otherwise imployed elsewhere, and it is found necessary that justice be more speedily done in such cases.

When the than by ordinary course of law it can be: be it therefore enacted by goods embez- the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer, comptroller, fur-thevalu^ofCr veyor> c^er^ a<^s anc* commissioners of the navy, for the

*oa. the of- time being, or any one or more of them, where the goods so tender shall be irabezilled, taken or carried away, shall be under the value of fined. twenty shillings, shall have full power and authority, upon the

oath of one or more witnesses (which they or any of them have hereby power to adminiffer) or confefiion of such party so offending, as aforesaid, or other legal proof thereof, to convict the party or parties so offending, by writing under his or any of their hands and seals, and to impose such fine or fines upon all or every such person or persons so offending and convicted, as aforesaid, as to the said treasurer, comptroller, surveyor, clerk of the acts and the commissioners of the navy, for the time being, or any one or more of them, shall in his or their discretion seem meet; the said fine or fines not exceeding double the value of the naval goods, proviffons, victuals, stores or ammunition k°Irr C" *mbezilled or carried away ; which fine or fines shall be le-trcfs and for v*cc* distress and sale of the goods of such offender, by virtue want thereof of the warrant of such officer or officers who shall so convidt the imprisonment said offender, directed in manner aforesaid, to the person or for 3 months, persons aforesaid, returning the overplus, if any be, to the owner of such goods; or in case no sufficient distress can be found, as aforesaid, the party or parties so offending shall, by virtue of the warrant of such officer before whom such person or persons shall be convicted, be imprisoned in the next gaol for any space of time, not exceeding three months, without bail or mainprize.

V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said treasurer, comptroller, surveyor, clerk of the acts and commissioners of the navy for the time beintu or any one or more of them, upon oath of one or more credible witnesses (which he and they have hereby power to ad'minister) tcftifymg.

That

1714*3 Anno primo GeorOII I. Stat. 2. C. 25. 2(>j

That his Majesty's naval goods, (lores, ammunition, or naval Naval (lores

provisions, or any part thereof, are conveyed into any ship or

vessel whatsoever, and mentioning the name of such ship or ^^^11 be

vessel being at anchor, and not ready to fail that tide, within, seized by war-

any of the roads, harbours, creeks or rivers within his Majesty's, rant off the

dominions, or any person or persons by their or one of their.^j^1^'

Warrant or warrants (in which warrant or warrants the quantity. urcr> c*

or quality of such goods shall bespecified) thereunto authorized

and appointed, in the day time, shall have full power and au-

thority to go on board any such ship or vessel whatsoever, being

within any of the places aforesaid; and in case resistance or re-

fu(al be made upon demand, to enter and break open the

hatches and cabbins, or other places of such ship or vessel, and.'

search therein for any such naval goods, (lores, ammunition or

provisions belonging to his Majesty's navy, which have been.

imbezilled, purloined and taken away 5 and the fame to seize,

take and carry away to any of his Majesty's yards or store-

houles, to be applied to his Majesty's use, unless the said officers,

and commissioners, upon hearing the matter, shall find they

were unduly seized, and thereupon restore them to the party

claiming the fame, which they are hereby impowered to do.

VI. And be it further enadfcd by the authority aforesaid* PunUhment of That every person or persons who shall counterfeit the hands of counterfeiting the treasurer, comptroller, surveyor, clerk of the acts, or of the tJjc of commissioners of the navy, or of any of them, or the hand or & */rcarurct#' hands of the signing or vouching officers of his Majesty's navy,

{hips or yards, or the hand or hands of any one or more of them, to any bill, ticket, or other papers, by virtue whereof his Majesty's naval treasure is or may be paid or disposed of, or shall knowingly produce any such counterfeit ticket, bill, or other paper, every such person or perfo.ns so offending, shall or may be lawfully committed to prison by the said officers or. commissioners, or any one of them, until he shall find surety tpt appear at the next general assizes or quarter-sessions. of the peace for the county, town or place where such offender shall be so committed to prison, to be there proceeded against accord-t ing to law.

VII. And whereas by an act made in the ninth and tenth years of & tow ti

the reign of his late majesty King William the Thirds intituled, An 41. '3

acl for the better preventing the imbezilment of his Majesty's.

{lores of war, and preventing cheats, frauds and abuses in pay-, ing seamen's wages, among other things therein contained, reciting^

That forasmuch as divers wicked persons for lucre and gain, had per-, fonatedfeamen who had really served, or were supposed to have served on board of his Majesty s ships9 and thereby had received divers J'ums of his Majesty s money at the pay-ojjice, or elsewhere, of his Ma~, jfjlys officers appointed for payment of his Majestfs feet and ships, in deceit as well of his Majesty as of the persons who had really served . on board any of his Majesty's ships \ and had also for such wicked purposes forged and counterfeited divers letters of attorney, or bills of [ale* and alignments, or last wills,. in the name or names of persons who . .. * S 4 had

t&j. Anno primo GeoRGii I. Stat. 2. C. tgl {*714;

had really f rued, or were supposed to have served on board his Ma~ jefy's foid ships; and had and did also procure daily divers tnen and women to perfinate, and divers wicked persons did of their own ac-. cord personate the wives, relations or creditors of such feameny who bad or were supposed to have served on board of his Majesfs ships, and thereby hadfalfly taken out letters of adminijiration to such seaman or seamen, having served or supposed to have served on board of bit Majesty's ships, or had forged and counterfeited letters of attorney, bills of sale, or other authorities, in the names of the executors or ad* minijlrators of such seamen, for the receipt of such wages as were due or supposed to be due to such seamen, having served or supposed to have

Persons convicted of any the ci imes in the recited act, shall be liable to the punishraent thereby in* Aided.

The judge may mitigate the penalties imposed by the said act.

served, as aforesaid: for the prevention of which said wicked prat* tices, it was thereby enacted, That all and every such person or per-fins, his, her or their aiders or abettors, that should be convicted of the said crimes and offences committed, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June which was in the year of our Lord one thoufini six hundred ninety-eight, should for every such offence, over and above the penalties to be inflicted by any laws then in force, forfeit the fism of two hundred pounds, together with cofis of prosecution: and whereas fime doubts have arisen, whether any offender or offenders, who shall or may be convicted of some or one of the crimes or offences mentioned in the said act, and shall not be convicted of all the fame crimes and offences, shall, as the said act is penned, be Subject and liable to the penalties in the said act imposed on such offenders: for explaining whereof, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, his, her or their aiders or abettors, aider or abettor, that shall be convicted of all or any the crimes or offences aforesaid in the said last recited act mentioned shall, for every such crime or offence, over and above the penalties to be inflicted by any other law now in force, be subject and liable to the pains and penalties inflicted by the said last mentioned act, to be recovered and distributed as in the fame recited act is mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the judge, justice or justices, before whom such offender or offenders shall be tried or convicted of all or any the crimes or offences before mentioned, to mitigate the said penalties and forfeitures by the fame ad imposed, according to his or their discretion, or in lieu thereof, to punish such offender or offenders in the premisses corporally, by causing him, her or them, to be publickly whipped and committed to feme publick work-house, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of three months, or h fs time, as to such judge, justice or justices, shall in his or their discretion seem meet; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, raity “&c! may That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high ad-ad mindter miral of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or the oaths iu cases commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of

S/XX*.«- **- -1-5

The ad mi-

1714-1 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 25.' 265

of them, the secretary or secretaries of the said lord high ad- &c- hit Ma-miral, or commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, and to and for the treasurer,. comp- urc*. # troller, surveyor, clerk of the acts, and the commissioners of his Majesty's navy for the time being, or for any one or more of them, to administer an oath or oaths, in any case or cases relating to the receiving, keeping, iffiiing and accounting for any part of his Majesty's treasure, victuals, (lores or provisions of his Majesty's navy, or for the preservation of due order and'difei-pline therein, or in any other matter or thing relating to his Majesty's navy, or the affairs thereof.

X. And it is hereby further declared and enailed by the au- treaforcr thority aforesaid. That the said treasurer, comptroller, survey- of the navy, or, clerk of the acts, and the commissioners of the navy, for &c. may exe-the time being, or any one or more of them, may execute all cute the poWi. and every the powers hereby, or by any other law given them, t^^them or any of them, on all and every the offenders aforesaid, in all £» well within places as well within liberties as without; any law, statute, or- liberties as dinance, charter or privilege to the contrary notwithstanding. without.

XL Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no This ail shall clause, sentence, or other matter in this ail contained, shall re- not repeal,&c. peal, alter, change, or be interpreted to make void any of the thea&of *1 * clauses, matters or things, specified or contained in one ail of Car. % , c. 5* parliament made in the two and twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King Qharles the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the benefit of clergy from such as steal cloth from the rack % and from such as /ball Jleal or imbezil his Majesty's ammunition and fores; but that the fame ail shall remain in full force and virtue, for and notwithstanding any thing herein contained.

XII. Provided also, and be it farther enaited. That all and xheadmiraltv rery the powers hereby given to any officer or commissioner of may execute

every 1

— j - / q— — j iifiiy CACwUlv

the navy, may be exercised by the lord high admiral of Great the powers in Britain and Ireland for the time being, or the commissioners for this act executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any one or more of them.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enabled. That no per- None shall be son or persons who shall be punished by virtue of this ail, shall aga'n

be punished by force of any other law for the fame offence. fame offence.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enailed by the authority aforesaid, That this present ail, and also the said ail made and

in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King William ^ c^i/fhalT the Third, shall be deemed, construed, allowed and taken no- be deemed

tice of in all courts of law and equity, and by all judges and ju- publick aits, dices whatsoever, and in all other places and jurisdiilions what -loever, without pleading or setting forth the fame, as and for publick acts to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enailed by the authority aforesaid, conditions That all and every the convictions and judgments which shall Qn this a&t# be had, made or given in pursuance of this ail, shall be final, be final, and not subjeil to any appeal or certiorari, nor be removed, fu-perfeded or suspended thereby, or by any of them* any law?

statute

266

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. C.2& [1714*

statute or provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Persons sued XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-may plead the foresaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued general issue, or prosecuted for or on account of any matter or thing by him c* or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or the said

act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, he or they shall or may plead the general issue, and give this act and the said last mentioned act, and the special matter in evidence for his or their defence, and if upon a trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his or their action or suit, or judgment shall otherwise pass for the defen-and shall reco- dant or defendants therein, then such defendant or defendants, vcr double shall have double costs to him or them awarded against such eofts. plaintiff or plaintiffs, to be levied in such manner as cods in

other actions may be levied.

The acts of XVII. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, c. % and /That an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his said Ann. c. 34. to late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act for the be in force more effectual fupprejfing of piracy, which was thereby to be in during this force for seven years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament, after the expiration of the said seven years, and which by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne* intituled, An act for continuing the laws therein mentioned relating to the poor9 and to the buying and feUing of cattle in Southfield, and for fupprejfing of piracy, was enacted to remain in full force for seven years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament, shall from and after the said twenty ninth day of September next ensuing, be revived, and the fame is hereby enacted to be in force during the continuance of this act.

Duration of XVIII. Provided, That this act shall be in force for five years, this act. and to the end of the next session of parliament, after the expiration of the said five years, and no longer. Made perpetual by 9 Geo. 1. c. 8. f 3.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for continuing several laws therein mentioned relating to coals 9 hemp and fiax9 Irish and Scotch linen9 and the afjize of bread; and for giving power to adjourn the quarter f efforts for the county of Anglesea, for the purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS divers temporary laws which by experience have been found beneficial and useful9 are expired or near expiring 3 therefore for continuing the fame, be it enacted by the King's raoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That tm act made in the session of parliament held in the ninth year

1714*1 Anno primo Georgu I. Stat2. c. 26. 267

of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An act to diflohe The ad of the present, and prevent the future combination of coal-owners, lighter-

men, masters of flips, and others, to advance the price of coals, iff Pcrpc“ prejudice of the navigation, trade and manufactures of this kingdom, and for the further encouragement of the coal trade, which was to continue for three years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament, which ad was further continued by an act made in the first year of the reign of his present ma-jelly King George, which will expire at the end of this felGon of parliament, shall be made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^ an act made in the session of parliament, held in the eleventh & 12 w. 3. and twelfth years of his late majesty King William the Third, in- c. 16. made tituled, An act for the better ascertaining the tithes of hemp and flax, perpetual, which was to continue for seven years, and from thence to the

end of the next session of parliament; which ad was further continued by an act made in the sixth year of her said late ma- 6 Ann. c. *8. jelly Queen Anne, for seven years, from the expiration thereof 5 which ad was further continued by an act made in the liiil year of his present majesty King George, and will expire at the end of this present session of parliament, shall be made perpetual.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The ad of 3 &

That so much of the act made in the third and fourth years of*An.njC. 8. the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act anti-

to permit the exportation of Inlh linen cloth to the plantations, and to mud by 3 Geo. prohibit the importation of Scotch linen into Ireland, as relates to 1. c.n.

the liberty of exporting lrish linen to the West-Indies, shall continue and remain in full force for the term of one year, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of

That an act made in the session of parliament held in the eighth g Ann. c. 18. year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, continued.

An act to regulate the price and afftze of bread, which was to conti- **Geo.*.c.i|. nue for three years, and from thence to the end of the next fef- *aGcaa*c-*6* lion of parliament; which ad was further continued by the said

act made in the first year of the reign of his present majesty King George, and will expire at the end of this present session of parliament, shall be, continue and remain in mil force for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament.

V. And whereas by the said act made in the eighth year of the reign 8 Ann. c.18. of her late majesty <$ueen Anne, intituled, An act to regulate the

price and assize of bread, a penalty of forty shillings is laid upon all persons baking or making bread for file, or expoflng to sale any bread wanting the due weight, or that Jbmld not be marked according to the direction of the said act; which said penalty hath by experience, been found to be too great a hardship, and tended very much to the of-pression of the bakers, sometimes for very minute and inconsiderable defaults, and such as they (through the many accidents the said trade is subject to) cannot always prevent some small diminution of weight, bg being overbaked, Jkde, or one loaf flicking to another, while the other

hath

263 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2.0.26! Zl7xV

hath the over-weight; and the mark put upon ,by reason of the fermenting of the yejl, becoming very often imperfeft\ and sometimes not apparent: for remedy of which hardships for the future, be The penalty it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said penalty of c,x8# forty shillings, mentioned in the said adfc for want of weight of rcpea * bread, or not being marked, and upon no other account, according to the directions of the said act, shall from and after the After 1 Sept. ^ay September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen be

1715. Bakers repealed ; and that from and after the said first day of September, making bread if any baker, or other person or persons, baking or making bread d?^CLenrk ^or or cxP°fing bread to sale, shall bake, make, fell or ex-for*every1 P°^c to any bread which shall be deficient in weight (accord-ounce Forfeit ing to the assize of bread to be fet pursuant to the directions of < s. and want* the said recited act) to the amount of one ounce or more, he, fng left as. 6d. (he or they so doing, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for every offence forfeit and pay the sum of five shillings for every ounce of bread so wanting, and for any bread wanting any weight less than an ounce, the sum of two shillings and six pence; such bread being complained of and weighed before a magistrate, or* justice or justices of peace, or before any person by him or them appointed, within twenty-four hours after the fame shall be baked or exposed to sale within the cities of London and Westminster, and bills of mortality, and within three days in all other cities, towns or places, within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed; the said forfeiture and forfeitures to be given to the use of the informer or informers, and to be adjudged, levied and recovered in such manner as the said penalty of forty shillings is by the said act of the eighth year of her said late Majesty's reign, to be adjudged, levied and recovered.

VI. And whereas in the said recited act of the eighth year of her said Majesty's reign, there is no provifon made for making and Jelling peck, half peck, quartern, and half quartern loaves, which feme ma-giflrates, pursuant to the power and authority to them given by the said ably have thought fit to allow of and licence in feme places, while others have thought fit not to allow of or licence the fame: and foraf

Peck loaves, much as federal of his Majesty's subjects, are desirous to have such fort &c. to be made rf bread, be it therefore further declared and enacted by the au-according to thority aforesaid, That every baker or bakers shall and may, the assize- from anj afler tj^e faij day of September, one thousand seven SAmvae c.18. hundred and fifteen, make, bake, fell, and expose to sale, peck, 9 ' half-peck, quartern, and half-quartern loaves, so as the fame are made and fold, both as to weight and price, in proportion to the assize-table contained in the said former act.

VII. And to the intent that the assize of bread may be truly fet, according to the real prices of wheats mealy or flour, whereof such bread is made ; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

grain, &c. to ^rom anc* a^tcr *he kid hril day of September one thousand seven be certified on hundred and fifteen, every time the assize is or shall be altered, oath before according to the powers by the said recited act given, the prices

the lord of grain, meal, and flour in the adjacent markets where such

A>a>ojr, &c, oSSxtA

When prose-cution to be.

Forfeiture to the informer, and to be recovered as by 8 Ann. c. 18.

After Sept, 1715. the prices of

4.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.27. 269

e shall be fet (the said prices to be ascertained according to 1Vinchester meaiure) shall, from time to time, be given in and ified upon oath before the said lord mayor and aldermen of city of London, or to the said chief magistrate or magistrates, iftices, who by the said adfc are respectively authorized and owered to fet such a(Sze,by the clerk or clerks of the respec-adjacent market, or such other person or persons as*the said ;istrate shall appoint; so that they may fet the assize accord-y, and make such a reasonable allowance to the bakers for The assize of r charges, pains, and livelyhood, as heretofore has been ac- bread for omed; and that the assize of bread for the city of London and kly bills of mortality (the city of Westminster and liberties L^^epted) eof, the borough of Southwark and weekly bills of mortality to be let by lie county of Surrey, excepted) shall, from time to time, be the court of 3y the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of Lon- lorJ* "™ay°r or by the lord mayor of the said city, for the time being, an crmcn* 3rder of the said court; any thing in the said former a A con-led to the contrary notwithstanding.

rJII. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the feconi year he reign of King Edward the Sixths intituled, An act for keep-of the great sessions, quarter-sessions, and county-courts at town of Beaumaris in the county of Anglesea: it was enacted, t as well the great sessions of the said county of Anglesea, as all Dyer 135. every shire, and county-day or days, and sessions of the peace, to PI- *4-yolden for the said county of Anglesea, shall be bolden and kepi bin the said town of Beaumaris, and within the liberties of the e town, and not elsewhere, except as in the said act is excepted; grant, law, usage, or prefeription theretofore had, obtained, or f, in any wise td the contrary mtwithstanding: be it nevertheless eby ena&ea, That it shall be lawful for the justices of the The justicet ce of the said county ,of Anglesea, to adjourn the quarter-fef- may adjourn 1$ to be holden for the said county, from time to time, to quarter-other part of the said county, as to them shall seem meet Scfca* for the I convenient, for the ease and benefit of such as shall be obligT fare of such as to take the oaths appointed by law to be taken to his Maje- shall take the* his heirs and successors, and to and for no other use, in- oathg* t, or purpose whatsoever.

CAP. XXVII. aCl for taking and fating the debts due and growing due so Scotland by way of equivalent in the terms of the union , znd for relief of the creditors of the fublick in Scotland, xnd the commissioners of the equivalent.

C7HERE AS by the fifteenth article contained in the acts for Reciting the * union of the two kingdoms ^England and Scotland, it is re- *5th article in i or mentioned. That by the terms of the treaty for the said union, VAnmcTc.V* subjects ^ Scotland, for preserving an equality of trade through-the united kingdom, would be liable to several customs and excises r payable in England, which would be applicable towards payment be debts of England contracted before the union; and it was a-

270 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 27. . [17144

greed, that Scotland should have an equivalent far what the subjeBs thereof should be so charged towards payment of the said debts ef England, in all particulars whatsoevery in manner therein mention* ed,, viz. That the sum of three hundred ninety eight thousand eighty-five pounds and ten shillings should be granted to her late Majesty by the parliament ^"England, for the uses therein mentioned* being the equivalent to be answered to Scotland, for such parts of the find cu-fioms and excises upon all exdfeable liquorj, with which that kingdom was to be charged upon the union, as would be applicable to the pay* tnent of the said debts i/'England, according to tie proportions which the then present cujioms in Scotland, being thirty thousand pounds per annum, did bear to the cujioms in England, computed at one tmuim three hundred forty-one thousand five hundred fifty-nine pounds per annum ; and which the then present excises on exdfeable liquors in Scotland, being thirty-three thousand five hundred pounds per annum, did bear to the exdfes on exdfeable liquors in England, computed at nine hundred forty-seven thousand six hundred and two pounds per annum ; and in regard that after the union, Scotland becoming liable to the said cujioms and duties payable on import and export, and to the fame excises on all exdfeable liquors, as in England, as wed upon that account, as upon the account oj the encrease of trade and people, the said revenues would much improve beyond the before-men* tioned annual values thereof of which no efiimate could then be made : yet nevertheless, for the reasons afore said* it is in the said article declared^ That a proportionable equivalent ought to be answered to Scotland ; and it was thereby agreed, That after the union there should be an account kept of the said duties arijing in Scotland, to the end it might appear what ought to be answered to Scotland, as an equivalent for such proportion of the said encrease as should be applicable to the payment of the debts ^England : and for the further and more effectual answering the several ends mentioned in that article ; it was a-greed, That from and after the union the whole encrease of the revenues of cujioms and duties on export and import, and excises upon excisable liquors in Scotland, over and above the annual produce of the said respecttve duties, as above stated, should go and be appUei for the term of /even years to the uses therein mentioned 5 and that upon the said account there should be answered to Scotland annually, from the end of /even years after the union, an equivalent in proportion to such parts of the said encrease, as should be applicable to the debts ^England $ and generally that an equivalent should be answered to Scotland, for such parts of the EngliOi debts as Scotland might-thereafter become liable to pay by reafin of the unions other than such for which appropriations had then been made by parliament in England, of the cujioms, or other duties on export and import, or excises on all exdfeable liquors; in respeCl of which debts, equivalents were therein before provided : and by the said fifteenth article it was provided, Tfmt the said sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five pounds and ten shillings, and also the whole mcrease of the said revenues of customSy duties and excises, above the then prejcnt vahte» which should arise in Scotland during the said term of /even years j together with the equivalent which should become due upon the improvement

2J1

1714*] Anno primo GfcokGii I. Scat 2. c. 27/

went thereof in Scotland after the said term; and also as to all other sums which* according to the agreements therein mentioned* should be-come payable to Scotland by way of equivalent for what that kingdom should thereafter become liable towards payment of the debts of England, Jboula be applied to the respeCltve uses therein mentioned > and her late Majesty was thereby impowered to appoint commissioners for the purposes therein mentioned; which commissioners should be impowered to call for* receive and dispose the monies aforesaid, and to in-fpeCl the bocks of the several collectors of the said revenues* and of all other duties from whence an equivalent might arise; and the collectors and managers of the said revenues and duties were thereby obliged to give to the fend commissioners subseribed authentick abbreviates of the produce of such revenues and duties arising in their reffective districts ; and that the said commissioners* should have their office within the limits ^Scotland, and should in such office keep books containing accounts of the amount of the equivalents* and how the fame should have been disposed of from time to time* which might be inspected by any of the subjects desiring the fame: and whereas the said sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five pounds and ten Jhilhngs was duly paid to Scotland, to be applied to the said uses* according to the act of union* and other acts of parliament since made in that behalf; and her said late Majesty* by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, did appoint commissumers for the purposes afore said, but the said commissioners* by reajon of several difficulties, and particularly for want of the proper vouchers and accounts, whereby the debts of England incurred before the union, and for whiih provision has been made since the treaty of union, might be distinguished from the charges end Jeryice of the severalfollowing years* could not keep such books as the said article directed: for remedy whereof be it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con- The Tent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this may appoint present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, commissioners That commissioners shall be appointed and authorized to the for 1 -purposes after mentioned ; which commissioners his Majesty is eqiuv cn hereby impowered to nominate and appoint under the great leal of Great Britain, with such salaries to the commissioners, and .allowances for clerks, and incident charges, as his Majesty shall think, fit, for taking, examining and stating the debts due and '

growing due to Scotland* by way of equivalent; which commissioners are hereby impowered and authorized to issue their precepts to all officers whatsoever, imployed or to be imployed in The comimf-the managing, collecting, receiving or paying the publick reve- fionen may nue, or in rendring, controlling or auditing the accounts of the fame, to give such accounts and abbreviates duly signed, as to * ° the publick these commissioners shall appear necessary for that purpose.; and revenues, particularly the said commissioners are hereby authorized to take and state the accounts of what equivalents and increase have And state the become due to Scotland* according to the agreements in the said accounts from treaty, from the commencement of the union to the first day of union to May one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and of the ap- ay **,71*' piication of the monies levied in Great Britain, in the several years

272 ‘ Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 27. [1714; .

years since the union, distinguishing the pans which have been applied for payment of the debts of England incurred before the union, from such parts as have been for the service of the united kingdom in the feveml subsequent years, and of all publick monies that by any ways or means whatsoever havearifcn and were due and payable in Scotland, during the first seven years after the union, according to the said treaty of union, and of all arrears yet (landing out proper to the account of that time ; and also of the publick money due and payable for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seven, or before that time, j which has (ince been paid, or is (till (landing out ; and of the civil and military edablishment for that year; and in like manner of what monies have been advanced and paid out of the treasury of England towards making up the actual expence which should have been provided for by the parliament of Scotland? and of the (late of the revenues of both nations, as computed at the time of the treaty, and for the several years (ince ; as also to take and date what proportion of the increase of the customi and excise of Scotland? over and above the annual produce of these respective duties, as dated in the fifteenth article of union, are and will, after the expiration of the term of seven years mentioned in that article, be applicable to the payment of the debts of England contracted before the union; and to take and date an account of what parts of the duties imposed since the union, are and will be applicable to the payment of the like debts incurred before that time, and generally to specify the parts and proportions of the revenue of Scotland? and every branch thereof which ore and will be applicable to the payment of the said debts in England? in consequence of the appropriations made since the treaty of union and the time of the continuance of these appropriations, to the end that a true and iud date and account of all these matters may be made up purmant to the agreements in the said treaty of union, according to the true meaning and in- ! tent thereof, and a report thereof may be laid before the King and both houses of parliament, for their final determination thereupon.

II. And it is further enacted. That the said eomtmffionere, erTmay admi-or “Y two them, shall and may, and are hereby impowered suiter oaths. " and authorized to adminider an oath to the proper officers horn whom they receive any accounts or abbreviates, as to the truth and judnefs of such accounts, to the bed of their knowledge.

. III. And it is hereby declared. That this commission, toge-

«Snm?ffion * ther with the powers hereby granted, shall continue in full force shall continue and virtue from the ifiiiing thereof, during the space of one whole in force. year, and till the end of the then next session of parliament, to the intent and purpose that the accounts between the two nations, upon the agreements in the treaty of union, may be fully dated, and laid before his Majesty and both houses of parliament, as aforesaid.

Officers not IV. Provided always, That none of the said officers or per-obliged totra- fons, who are hereby required to obey such precepts of the fqd

com?

17I4-] Anfio primo Georgii I. Star. 2. c.27.

commissioners, as aforesaid, shall be obliged, for doing thereof, to travel further than the cities of London, IVefminfer, and Edinburgh, or any of them.

V. Provided also, That if the said commissioners, in the execution of this act, shall meet with difficulties in points of law, the fame shall be specially dated in their report for determination in parliament.

VI. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any two of the said commissioners, before they enter upon the execution of this act, shall take an oath before the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or master of the rolls, (which oath they, or either of them, are hereby respectively authorized and required to adminider to them;) the tenor whereof shall be as followeth:

273

vel farther than London or Edinburgh*

Difficulties in point of law to be dated by the commit fioners.

Commissioners to be (worn s

I A. B. do fivear, That, according to the beti of my /kill and know- *phc ^ ledge, I shall faithfully, impartially and truly demean myself, in taking, examining and fating the debts due and growing due to Scotland, by way of equivalent, according to the agreements in the treaty of union, and in all matters and things, brought, or to be brought before me, in execution of an act, intituled, An act for taking and iiating the debts due and growing due to Scotland, by way of

Sui valent in the terms of the union, and for relief of the creditors the publick in Scotland, and the commissioners of the equivalent.

And every other of the said commissioners to be appointed by his Majesty, pursuant to this act, before he enters upon the execution of the said act, shall likewise take the fame oath before the dud commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to adminider the fame to them, after having taken the said oath themselves, as aforesaid.

VII. And fit the relief of the creditors of the publick in Scotland, and of the commissioners of the equivalent, until the accounts herein after mentioned are taken and fated, according to the true meaning of this act: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lords commissioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer The treasury for the time being, shall and may, on or before the fird day of may November one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, issue their or *5d' 'to the

his order or orders for the payment of a sum not exceeding fif- commissioners teen thousand eight hundred twenty-two pounds eight shillings of equivalent and seven pence three farthings, to the commissioners of cquiva- Scotland, lent in Scotland for the time being, or any person or persons to be appointed by them, or any two of them, out of any monies arisen or to arise by the said revenues of cudoms and excise of Scotland, or either of them; which sum of fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty-two-pounds eight shillings and seven pence for payment three farthings, shall be applied by the said commissioners of of one year's equivalent, and they are hereby directed and required to apply interest, the fame, for payment of one year's intered, viz. from the twenty-third of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen,

Vol. XIXL T to

274 Anno primo Georgii I. Sut-a. c.a8. ‘ [1714.

to the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, of the capital sum of two hundred thirty thousand three hundred and eight pounds nine shillings and ten pence, and fire dated due to forth parts of one peny, ftatfcd due to the said creditors of the the creditor* p^licfc in Scotland on the twenty-fourth of June one thousand in Sct'Uaud, seven hundred and fourteen, by an act of the twelfth year of her by 11 Ann* late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to discharge and acquit the fiat. 2. c. 13. commij/mers of equivalent for the sum of three hundred eighty-v.t thoujiJid five hundred and nine pounds fifteen shillings and ten penes half peny, by them duly issued cut of the sum of three hundred ninety-thousand eighty five pounds and ten fallings y which they rerdv-commhfioRers c^» anc^ for payment of the salaries of the said commission-falariis; ers of equivalent, and of the fees and salaries of their fervauts, and noceiTary charges, from the said twenty-third clay of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to the twenty-fourth The said sum day Qf June one thoufartcl seven hundred and fifteen ; which Turn iuto^ccount1 f° to ^ advanced and paid to the said commissioners of the equivalent for the purposes aforesaid, shall be brought into the accounts to be taken and dated by the said commissioners to be appointed by this act, and chargeable upon any monies which now are or hereafter shall be found due to Scotland.

Commission- VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority no ^cnalties11* a^orelai^» That none of the commissioners to be appointed pur-^ptn u s, j*uant to tjlis ji^jur any penalties, forfeiture, incapacity

or dilability whatsoever, for putting this act in execution. frtde 3 Geo,1. c. 14. & $Gco.i. c. 20.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for repealing an act, intituled, An act: for repealing part of an act passed in the parliament of Scotland, intituled, All for discharging the Tule vacance.

10 Ann. c. 13. TT7H E R E A S by an act passed in the tenth year of her late ma-Y V jejly A>U'en Anne, of bkfij'ed memory, intituled, An act for repealing part of an act passed in the parliament of Scotland* intituled, An for discharging the Yule vacance \ it was entitled and declared, That the Christmas vacation of the fession or college cf iuflicc, and all other inferior courts of justice in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, /hallyearlyin all time comings continue end endure from the twentieth day December to the tenth of January, fotb inclufwe; and whereas afo the fad vacation has been be esrperimt found to be a great interruption to the cturfe of business ana admimjhv-tion of iu/iii c, and greatly prejudicial to the subjells of that pari ef The ad 10 Great Britain : be it therefore enacted by the King's most ex-

regaled*3* ccllent majesty, by and with the a (vice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal and commons, in this.present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the tame. That the aforefrid aft passed in the tenth year of her late majetby Queen Antu % fluff be and is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP.

*75

1714.] Anno primbGEORGil I. Stat. 2.0.29,-33.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for allowing a time for two hundred and thirteen families of pro-testant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the oaths, in order to intitie them to all the benefits intended them by the act of the seventh year of her late Majesty's reign, for naturalizing foreign protestants.

AnnoRegni GEORGII I. Regis Magms Britannia Francice, & Hibe, pritno.

AT- the- parliament begun and bolden at Westrrinster, Note $ The the /eventtenth day of March, Anno Domini one ffile of the

thousand/even hundred and fourteen,, in the first year of the fouowingaae reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORG E, by the Grace * the fame u Godj of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender {JXSt any of the faith, &c. being the first fession of this present alteration/

ment :and from thence continued by adjournments to

the ninth day of January one thousand hundred and teen, in the second year of his Majesty's reign.

CAP. XXX.

An act for continuing the act of this present session, intituled, An Act t§ imptrwer bu Majesty to fccurt and detain such persons as his Majestj Jbeil fuf* fed are confpirissg against his person and government. EXP.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax in Great-Britakt, for the service of the year one thousand fcvea hundred and sixteen.

EXP. 4a. in the found, EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to attaint John earl of Mar, William Murray, Efqj commonly called marquess of Tullibardine, Tames earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond, Esq; commonly called lord Drummond* of high treason.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for the more easy and speedy trial of such persons as have levied or shall levy war against his Majesty.

WHERE A S a horrid.and unnatural rebellion and war has been openly and traiteroufiy rdiftd and levied against his Majesty within this realm, and is fill continued, with dejign to depose ami murder his mofi sacred Majesty, and to fet a popish pretender, bred fit and injirutted in Romifn fuperfiition and arbitrary principles, on the*throne of these realms: and whereas great numbers of fttch as have joined in the hid rebellion, have been, by his Majestyjs vigilance and tarty lately feixed, and for safer custody ntceffarily diftribtUed intofe-veral prisons in different counties: and whereas matey of the chief of the said rebels have been, in order to lay open and discover the foundations and caufis of the said rebellion and treasonSy with much trouble Qtti expense ip tie troym, bf ought up to London, and parts adjacent,

T 2 in

. Anno primoGEORGII I. Stat. 2. 0.34,—36. 11714,

in order to be examined: andforasmuch as bills of indiflmenty as the law now jlands, are to be found in the counties where the faidtreafms are committed: but as it will be very inconvenient to the publick ju/Hte of the nation, that the judges should remain so long in the said counties as will be necessary for the trying of the said offenders, Jo it will be very burthenjome and grievous to the freeholders of the fame tomtits to attend so many trials as may be necessary to be had for the safety tf the publick : to the end therefore that the said offenders may not conceive any hope of impunity from the distance of the several counties yjuhere the said treajons are committed, or from any power or intertft they may have therein, and that justice may more speedily and feeurdy be admtniftred against the said offenders*, and proper examples made, in such feajonable time as may be a means to suppress the remains of tbt said rebellion, and preserve the peace ana tranquillity of theft kingdoms : be it enacted, £*.

All persons in custody for high treason before Jan.*?, 1716, may be tried in such shire as his Majesty shall direct And no challenge for the shire shall be allowed. Peers shall be tried by their peers. The place of indictment or trial not to be altered, unless die persons indicted have beta it 'actual rebellion. EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for preventing mutiny and desertion, and for the better paymeat of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to appoint a commissioner for taking, examining and dating the debts due to the army, in the room of Thomas Smith, Esq; deceased 5 f and fof continuing the former act until the tenth day of March one thousand seven hundred andsixteen. EXP.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for charging and continuing the duties oh mm,

cyder and perry, for the service of the year one seven hundred and sixteen; and for compelling several receivers to finish and clear their accounts \ and for making duplicates of Exchequer-billslottery-tickets and

loft, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for ad-jufting claims to certain benefit-tickets j and for allowing the charge of executing the , for the service of

the year one thousand seven hundred and ten , and for recovering monies of several , reftir.g in the bands

of collectorsor constables at St. Albansand for prevent-

ing frauds in the duties upon fope j end for limiting time for persons who have certain annuities for life or fives, to demand the payments thereupon at the Exchequer \ and for preventing frauds in the duties relating to printed and painted paper, callicoes, and other things therein mentioned,

it- XIV. AND whereas by an act made in the tenth year of fin reign in jlV of our late sovereign lady £hucm Anne, amoneft other

up* things, for laying several duties upon all fope made in Great Britain,

£714-] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 36. *77

or imported into the fame: it is enacted. That if any makers of fope 10 Ann. c. 19* /bail fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to he hid or concealed, any l*m

fope chargeable by the said act* or any the materials for making the same, to the intent to deceive her Majesty of the jujl duties by the said act granted, that then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds: and whereas by one other act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her said iate Majesty, amongst other things, for laying additional duties on flAnn. fope, farther duties are granted upon fope; and by the said laji men- c. 9. tioned aft it is amongji other things enabled, That all the powers, authorities, rules, dir eft ions, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters and things whatsoever, contained in the said act of the tenth year of her said Maiejbfs reign, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering,■ feeuring and paying the said duties on fope, as are by the said laji mentioned act charged with new or additional duties thereupon, should be continued, practised and put in execution, for raijmg, receiving, levying, recovering, feeuring and paying the fame new or additional du-ties by the said laji mentioned act granted, and all arrearages thereof as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of the said laji mentioned act; except in such cases only where any alteration therein is specially made by the said last mentioned act, as by the said several acts mere at large may appear: and whereas the penalties by the before-mentioned acts provided, to prevent the hiding and concealing of fope, have by experience been found ineffectual, and not sufficient to prevent or refrain the fraudulent hiding and concealing thereof, in regard the duties of one boiling of fope so hid and concealed, may and often do amount to fifty pounds or more, whereby some ill-disposed persons have been encouraged and induced to hide and conceal several great quantities of fope', to the great diminution of the revenues arising by the duties laid upon fope, and to the great dijeouregement of other fair traders and makers offope, who duly pay thefull duties upon fope, according to the true intent and meaning of the fid several recited acts: for remedy 'Whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That After 16 April if at any time after the sixteenth day of April in the year of our 171s* conceal-iLord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, any maker fope shall fraudulently hide and conceal, or cause to be hid or ^dthe Spe. concealed, any fope chargeable by the said several recited act, or any the materials for making the same, to the intent to de-qeiye his Majesty of the just duties by the said acts granted, that then and in every such case the party or parties offending, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds for every such offence, and also all the fope so hid and concealed.

XV, And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty how That the penalties for hiding and concealing of fope, and ma-to he sued for, terials for making of fope, by this act imposed, shall and may &c* be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by such ways and means and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture imposed by any of the laws of excise may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated $ and that one moiety of such penalties and forfeitures /haft be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and

T 3 ths

t7$

Clause for limiting a time for persons who have annuities for life or lives, to demand t lie payments thereof at the Exchequer.

j&^Ann.c.a.

a&3 Ann.c.3,

Anno primo Gbqrgii I. Stat.2. c.36. [-1714,

the other moiety for the use of the person or persons- that shall inform or sue for the fame.

XVI. And whereas by an act pajpd in the third year of the reign, of her late majesty <*heen Anne, intituled» An act for railing monies by sale of l'everai annuities, for carrying on the present war, it was enacted, ‘That it should and might be lawjul to and for any per-fen or persons, natives or foreigners, to contribute, advance and pay into the receipt of her then said Mcjeflys Exchequer for her Atijefiyt use, at or before the respective days and times in the said act limited in that behalf any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of eight hundred seventyseven thou [and nine hundred end thirty pound? ninteeen Jbilliugs and three pence, for pur chafing fitch fiveral and respective annuities for ninety-nine years as are therein mentioned : and whereas liberty was given by the said act of the third year of her said late Majesty, That any person or persons being as original contributors, or by mefiu alignments, or by <v*y ether lawful ways and means, entitled to any estate for one, two or three lives in being, of or in any annuity purebajed cr obtained upon an act of the second year of the reign of her said late Majesty, intituled,' An act for granting an aid to her Majesty for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions, by selling annuities at several rates, and for such respective terms or estates as are therein mentioned, for changing or converting the said estate for one, two or three lives, into a certain term for ninety-nine years, upon and for the fiderations therein extirefjed: and whereas some of the nominees for whose lives some of toe said annuities are held, are foreigners, or live in foreign or remote parts of this kingkm, Jo as that they cannot be found cr beard of \ and that the parties that are cr were entitled to such annuities do not come or send to demand the said annuities, where-.by it is become uncertain whether such nomintes be living or dead, or were [0 at the time of purchasing J'uch reverfms, whereby the titles of the pur chafers of such r ever lions are become, and will become dijfutable; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority afonefaid. That in case any of the said annuity or annuities (whereupon the reversion or reversions were or shall be purchased, as aforesaid) have not, or shall not be demanded at the Exchequer for the space of two years next after the fame did become, or (haQ become payable; and in case certificates of the life and lives of any nominee or nominees, upon whose life or lives any annuities do depend, have not been, or shall not be .produced to the officers of his Majesty's Exchequer, or sufficient proof made thereof, according to the rules prescribed by former acts, wfthin two years next after the said annuities have or shall from time to time become payable; then and from thenceforth, and from and after the expiration of the said two years, such nominee and pomir.ee;,* of whose life or lives no such certificate hath been qr shall he produced, or proof made, as aforesaid, shall be takcq to be deati- and the person or persons that hath purchased, of shall hereafter pui chafe such reversion or reversions of such an-? nuity or annuities, expedant upon the death of such nomineo pr nominees, of yrhpfe life or live* po such certifyat? hath or

shall

179

1714.] Anno primo Georgii I. Sut 2. C. 36.

(lull be produced, or proof made, as aforesaid, shall receive the said respective annuity and annuities, from time to time, until such certificates shall be produced, or proof made, and shall not be accountable for such part of the said annuity as he shall then have actually received for default of such certificate or proof; any thing in this, or in any former act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And for the more effttlual preventing frauds relating to After 1 June, the duty laid upon printing, paintings or staining paper to ftrve for 1716* before hangings or other uses: be it further enacted by the authority a- l>aPc.rJ?e ~ foresaid, That from and after the first day of June one thousand

seven hundred and sixteen, before any such paper shall be print- count of the ed, painted or stained, the officers for the said duties on such auantitietwd printed, painted or stained paper, as aforesaid, shall be permit- ^ anfions,ha ted to take accounts of the quantities and dimeofions of all pa- ^me>amp t per for printing, painting or staining, which at any time or times shall be in the custody or poflession of any such printer, painter or ftainer, and upon taking such account thereof, shall mark or damp every sheet and piece thereof with a damp or seal already provided, or hereafter to be provided, in pursuance of the aot *0 Ann. c. 19. for granting of the said duties for the marking or stamping of silks, callicoes, linens or stuffs, printed, painted, stained or .died, thereby to denote that such account has been taken of such pa- such paper per y and in case any officer or officers shall miss any quantity missing, officer or quantities of such paper whereof he had before taken such ac- to c1ha^ge.it counts, and shall not upon reasonable demand receive satisfac- J-J*1 ^ du-lion what is become of the fame, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for such officer to charge such printer, painter or ftainer of paper, with the duties of such paper so missing, as if the fame were actually printed, painted or stained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, paper rem0y-That no person or persons, who shall print, paint, stain or dye ed before any paper chargeable with the said duty, shall remove, carry lumping* or fend away, or fufter to be removed, carried or sent away,

any paper by him, her or them printed, painted or stained respectively, until such time as the proper officer shall have taken an account of every particular quantity of such paper so to he carried away, and until every particular piece and parcel of such paper shall be duly marked with such stamp or seal, as aforesaid, denoting the charging of the said duty, on pain to forfeit twenty pounds for every such offence; and that all the printed, forfeits % oL painted or stained paper, so carried away without being marked &c, with such stamp or seal denoting the charging the said duty, and being found in the poflession of any stationer, or other trader or dealer therein, or of any other person or persons for the use of such stationer, trader or dealer for Tale, shall and may be seised and recovered, one moiety thereof for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety for the use of the feifor or informer.

XIX. And whereas feveralftationers % merchants^ and other traders Dealer* in tfW dealers in faj>*r9 bow or my have on the first day ofjwtt one thou- painted paper

T 4 /and

*8o Anno primo Georgii L StaL2. c.36. [1714.

to give in a fond[even hundred end sixteen, for salt, W/for /y wholesale er retail, ^^Cstock^ respefiive flocks er quantities of such printed, painted orflossied paper, hand to 1 m which have already been duly charged with the find duty, but are June 1716. teat marked with any stamp or seal9 denoting the charging thereof: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aH and every merchant, stationer, trader and dealer in such paper, having on the said first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, in his, her or their custody or possession, or in the custody or pofieflion of any other person or persons, for his^ her or their benefit, use or account, any flock, parcel or quantity of paper so printed, painted or stained, being for sale, shall On penalty of (upon pain of forfeiting for every neglect the sum of thirty 301. pounds) deliver or cause to be delivered, on or before the said

first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, at the office for the said duties, next to the place and places respectively, where such (lock shall or may happen to be, a particular in writing signed by themselves or their appointments, of their several (locks before-mentioned, deferibingthe whole quantities and kinds thereof distinctly, to the end and intent that the fame may be duly stampt and marked with such (lamp or seal, de-Officer* may noting the charging the said duties; and the officers for the said enter into any duties are hereby authorized and impowered to enter into any .p, - to (hops, warehouses, or other places whatsoever, belonging to or uied by such merchants, stationers, and other traders and dealers in such printed, painted and stained paper, as aforesaid, there to view the fame, and to take an account thereof; and upon doing thereof, are hereby impowered and required to mark or (lamp the fame, with such (lamp or seal, denoting the charging the said duties; and all and every such merchants, stationers, and other traders and dealers in such printed, painted or stained paper, shall be obliged by force and virtue of this act, (if thercr unto required) to permit and suffer the proper officer and officers for the said duties, to make such entrance and view, as aforesaid, and to take such account and accounts, and so to mart such paper; and if any person or persons shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to enter into their (hop*, warehouses and other places (being thereunto required) there to view and take such account and accounts, and to mark and (lamp such flocks of such printed, painted or stained paper, as aforesaid, or any part thereof, then every such person, for every such refusal, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this a<5l imposed, relating to the said duties on paper, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt^ bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at WesttninJlcr, or the court of session, court of judiciary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty and forfeiture* shall be to his

Majesty*

view,

and to damp the fame.

Refufinj; entrance forfeits 100I.

Penalties how to be sued for.

171+.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stata. c.37. *81

"Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her or them, that shall discover, inform or sue for the fame.

XXI. And whereas several persons do travel in several parts ^fPersons print-this kingdom, and print, painty Jiain or dye Jilts, callicoeSy linens and flujfsy but remove from the places where they so print, painty (lain or placeman the dye the famey to parts remote, without paying any duty for the fame, place of their by means whereof the said duties are loft and cannot be recovered: for usual refi-remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore- :

said. That from and after the first day of June one thousand l£try ^ seven hundred and sixteen, where any person or persons shall the silks, &c. take upon him, her or them, to print, paint, stain, or dye any before print-silks, callicoes, linens or stuffs, at any other place than the place of his, her, or their usual residence, or exercise of his, her or their trade, all such persons shall, before he, (he or they print, paint, stain or dye any such silks, callicoes, linens or duffs, make a particular entry of all such silks, callicoes, linens, or stuffs so by him j her or them intended to be printed, painted, (lainedor dyea, with the officer for the said duties of the division or place where he, (he and pay down or they shall so intend to print, paint, (lain or dye the fame, and the pay down to the said officer all the duties charged, or which would be due for such goods so intended to be printed, painted, stained or dyed, upon printing, painting, (lainingor dying the fame, before he, (he or they proceed to print, paint, (lam or dye such goods, or any part thereof; and if such person or persons shall print, paint, (tain or dye any such silks, callicoes, linens or duffs, without making such entry, and paying down the duties thereof, as aforesaid, the person or persons offending therein shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be re- On penalty of covered and levied as aforesaid; and moreover all such silks, 5Qk callicoes, linens and duffs so printed, painted, dained or dyed, without such entiy and payment of duty, as aforesaid, shall be, and may be seised immediately by such officer; one moiety of such penalties and forfeitures to be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons fhat shall sue or inform for the f^me.

cap. xxxvn.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant the regalities and lands now remaining in the crown in North wales and South Wales, and county of Chester, to his royal highness the prince of Wales, in such manner and form as the principality of Wales and earldom of Chester have formerly been granted to the princes of Wales; and also to enable his said royal highness to make leases of lands, parcel of his royal highness's dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the feme.

It shall be lawful for his Majesty to grant to the prince, all the honours,

Cadies, &c. belonging to the crown, m Wales, Monmouth, and the count ty palatine of Chester. His Majesty may grant to the said prince the like junfdiftion, Sec. as King James I. granted to Prince Henry, Sec. The prince may make leases. See. of the premisses, for 31 years or three lives.

All leases and grants made by his royal highness, of any manors, Sec. in the dutchy of Cornwall shall be good. Proviso, that such leases. Sec. be made only for 31 years or three lives, and not difpunishable of watte, and that the usual rent be reserved, and where there has been no such rent, phi aoth part of the vjduc shall be referred. EXP.

CAP.

*82

CW.&M.c.t,

I

Parliaments mall have con* tinuance for seven years, unless sooner dijfolved by the King.

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 38,39. (1714.

CAP. XXXVIII.-

An act for enlarging the time of continuance of

appointed by an act made in the of the reign of

King William and Queen Mary, , An act for

the frequent meeting and calling of parliaments.

WHEREAS/* and by ail of parliament made in the fixthytartf

the reign of their lateMajejlics King William and Queen Mary

{of ever blcffcd memory) intituled, An act for the frequent meeting and calling of parliaments: it wamong other things mailed, That from thenceforth no parliament that mg

time then after be called, assembled or held, haw any continuance

longer than for three years only at the far theft, to be accounted frm the day on which by the writ of summonsthe said Parliament Jbouldbe appointed to meet: and whereas it has bet* found dry ,

'fie said clause hath proved very grievous and , by mo-

fioning much greater and more continued expenses in order of members to serve in Parliament, and more violent and lofting beats and animoftties among toe subjeils of this than were ever hum

before the said clause was enailtd; a the fold provifm, if it/bo

continue, may probably at this juncture, when a restless and faction are dtfigning and endeavouring to renew the rebellion this kingdom, and an invafton from abroad, be to the peace

and security of the government: be it enacted by the King's most (excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament *£■ sembled, and by the authority of the fame. That this pretest parliament, and all parliaments that shall at any time hereafter he called, assembled or held, shall and may respectlvely have continuance for seven years, and no longer, to be accounted from the day on which by the writ of summons this pretent parliament hath been, or any future parliament shall be, appointed to meet, unless this present, or any such parliament hereafter to be fumtnoned, shall be sooner didolved by his Majesty, his heir* or successors.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to indemnify fitch parsons who have ailed in defence of ■his Majesty*s per fen and government, and

vation of the publick peace of thit kingdom, in and about tie time of the late unnatural rebellion, from vexatious fiats and prosecutions.

WHEREAS in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, as welt in the time as before tit unnatural rebellion, which begun in or about the months of September or October in the fame year, divers lord lieutenants, deputy justicesof the peace, mayors, bailiffs of corporations, , and

ather officers and per font well-offcited to his Mayfly and his govern*

merit, in order to preserve.m frftnt happy establijkmtHy mid the

peace

1714..} Anno pftnjoGBORGii L StaL2..9.40-42. % % $

p lace of this kingdom, and to suppress and put an end to the said rebellion, apprehended and put into Cujhdy, and imprisoned several criminals, and several persons, who they suspected might difiurb the publick peace, or foment or promote riots, tumults, rebellions, or evil designs against the government; and also seized and used several borfes, arms, and other things, and also prejfed divers htrfes, carts and carriages, for the service of the publick; and did for the purposes. afore fold enter into the houses and possessums of several persons \ and did quarter and cause to be quartered divers soldiers and others in the houses of divers persons \ and did divers acts which could not be jujlified by thefirift forms of law, and yet were necessary, and fi fnuch for the service of the publick, that they ought to be jujlified by act of parliament, and the persons by whom they were transafted ought to be indemnified: be it therefore enacted by the King's most All personal excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords actions, &c. spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament for **7 thing assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all personal “imreStto actions and fiiits, and all molestations and prosecutions whatfo- rebellion in ever, and judgments thereupon (if any be) for or by reason of i^ic.shall be the premises, or of any other matter or thing advised, com- difehaqpd* snanded, appointed, or done in the said year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, in order to suppress the said unnatural rebellion, or for the preservation of the publick peace, or for the service or safety of the government, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this a and if any And if com* action or Fuit hereby discharged, or intended to be discharged, fenced again shall be commenced or prosecuted, every person so sued may plead the general issue, and give this a A and the special matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or for- &c. bear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a ver-did pass against him, the said defendant shall recover his double DouWe coftf# costs, for which he shall have the like remedy as in case where cods by law are given to defendants.

CAP. XL.

An act for the free importation of cochineal, daring the time therein

limited. EXP.

For nine months after March 31, 17id. Cochineal may be imported in any veiled and from any port.

CAP. XLI.

An act for giving liberty to persons who have served their apprentiteflnps to any part of the woollen manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said trades, and at the making bays vfithin thp said town. ' ,

persons having served apprenticeships in Colchester, in any branch of the woollen raanuladure, may follow the trade of baymaking in the said town.

Saving to the governors of the Dutch bay-hall there, their rights, &e, persons having used the trade for seven years may continue to use it.

CAP. XLn.

An act for the attainder of George earl of Marifchall, William carl of Seafortb, James earl of Southefque, James earl of Panmuir, and others, of high treason, nnlefs they fhau render then^fdves to j office by a day icrtaiu therein mentioned?

CAP.

284 Anno primo Georgii I. Seat 2.'e. 43. [1714.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to continue duties for encouraging the coinage of money *, and to charge the duties on senna as a medicinal drug , and for the appropriating several supplies granted to his Majesty.

MAY it pleafi your mo ft excellent Majesty, Whereas great benefit and advantage did accrue to England by one a ft of parliament passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his majesty King it Car. 2. c. 5. Charles the Second, intituled, An act for encouraging of coinage, and continued by another act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his said majesty King Charles, intituled, An act for continuing a former act*concerning coinage; both which said acts were re-v Jac. 1. c. 7. vivid by an act made in the first year of the reign of his majesty 4 & 5 W. & M. King James the Second, and were continued by an act made in the C‘ ** w fDUrtb 7edr of K*n& William and Queen Mary; of blessed memory,

cm. 13 W' 3* and were further continued by an act made in the twelfth year of the 7 Ana. c. h- rei&n of fai^ iQte William, and were further eonfirtued by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, of blessed memory, to be in force for /even years from the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, and until tie end of the first session of parliament then next followings and no longer$ so that unless the said acts be revived and continued, the encourage- ment given thereby will cease, and this kingdom be deprived for the future of so great a good as it hath for many years last pa ft enjoyed: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal jubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do grve and grant unto ym Majesty the rates, duties, ana impositions herein after mentioned, for and during the term and time herein after exprejfcd, and do humbly Coinage rfu- pray that it may be enefted; and be it enacted by the King's most ties continued excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords for 7 years. fpjritual and temporal and commons, in the present parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That such and the like rates, duties, and impositions, as by the said act of par-18 Car. 2. c. 5. lament of the eighteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Continue Jjrom Second were granted, and by the said subsequent acts were con-March 1730. tinued, for and upon the importation of wines, vinegar, cyder, jor fc-vcnyrnrs) beer, brandy, and strong waters imported, during the respective cm 'andfar- ton's therein mentioned, shall be further continued, and be ther by 19 Geo. paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for

2. c.14. and upon all wines, vinegar, cyder, beer, brandy, and ftrot£ waters, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britam within or during the space of seven years, to continence from the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and until the end of the first feflipn of parliament then next following, and no longer; and that all the said former acts, and all other acts of parliament concerning coinage, and every of them, and every clause, article, and sentence in them or any.of them contained, now being in force, shall be and are .by virtue of this fist revived and continued, and shall be in force, and be

] Anno primo Georgii L Scat. 2. c. 43. 9(5

at in execution, for and during all such term and time as fore-mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame >articularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this t act.

And to the end the importers of gold and silver into the mints Deficiency in ;land and Scotland respectively, may not be discouraged by any the coinage* cy of the revenue by this act settled for defraying the coinage 5^7* hS",to : be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That uPPUca*

1 and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of the y, or any three or more of them now being, or the lord reafurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the y for the time being, out of the monies arising by this act, of any other the ppblick. supplies granted or to be grant-parliament, to cause so much money to be applied, as yc necessary for defraying the expences of the said mints 'land and Scotland respectively, by way of imprest, and up-ount, for that service, so as the fame, together with the ;e-duties arising by this act, do not exceed, in any one he Turn of fifteen thousand pounds, and so as the said mo-e issued out of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the of the mint in England, and the general of the mint in d respectively, for the said purposes.

And whereas in the book of rates annexed to an act made in the iaCar.*.c.f. > year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A 1 granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other of money payable upon merchandize exported and im-, a rate is fixed upon senna under the title of drugs, in order the duty charged thereon by the said act; which act has been ed by several subsequent acts now in force: and whereas the ty is by a subsequent aft increased, and further duties are by other acts laid upon the importation of all drugs, all which acts I in force: and whereas by several of the said last mentioned rugs used in dying are exempted from payment of the refptftive thereby granted > and for the better adjufiing the duties upon fed in dying, by an act of the third year of the reign of her 3 * + ^nn»1 'ajcjly, for continuing duties on low wines and other thingsc# ** mentioned; it is declared what goods are meant to be used in amongst which senna is contained; nevertheless it being notori-t senna is not or ever was used in the dying trade, but was in~ in the said lafi mentioned act, by mifiake, to the great loss of his fs revenue in the duties intended to be paid for the fame : for ^fter 9 Mar ition thereof for the future, be it enacted and declared by 1716. lenna to thority aforesaid, That all senna imported into Great Brt* pay as a me-rfter the ninth day of May one thousand seven hundred dicinal drug, rteen, shall be subject and liable to the payment of the Se7byMr!Ver^ charged by the said act of tonnage and poundage, and by nmu excepted feral acts for increasing and continuing the fame, and to h * Geo. u i every other the respective duties laid, or intended to bec*11' f other respective acts, as if the said exemptions in the fe-iCU for goods or drugs used in dying had not been therein A i any law pr statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And

488 Ahno primo GEoRGii I. Stat. 2. c.4jf. [1714.

Stock in hand IV. And whereas several merchants and other traders and dealers

tojpay. Hex- jn senna., have, or may have,on the ninth day of May one

pound* *° fiven hundred and fixtet m, several flocks or pant/ties of fenr a: it weight. is hereby further enacted, That all merchants, drugfters, or other persons who do fell of retail senna, having in his, her, or their custody or pofiefiion, or in the custody or polfetfion of anjr other person or perfous in trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, benefit or account, any stock or quantity of senna (such stock or quantity respectively exceeding twenty pbunds weight) within the realm of Great Britain, bring for sale, shall yield and pay unto his Majesty for every pound of such senna, so much as will make up the duties thereof equal to the duties intended to be payable for senna by virtue of this act hereafter to be imported 5 which said duties shall be paid within three months after the said ninth day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.

V, And to the end the said pods offenna may be known, and the duties thereupon duly ascertained andfecurcd: it is hereby enacted, Drugfters, &c. That all and every the said merchants, drugfters, and other per-to make a' juit Tons felling or retailing senna, shall, on or before the twenty entry of their fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, make senna by *5 a just pntry thereof at the custom-house nearest the place where juue 171 fcnna remain? as afore said, and permit the proper

officers of the customs thereunto to be appointed by the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respedhvejy, at any time before the twenty fifth day of June one thousand (evert hundred and sixteen, to enter into his, her, or their wvrehouses or other places where such stocks of senna, exceeding the quantity of twenty pounds, as aforesaid, are to be found, and to view weigh, and take account of the fame; and if any such merchant, drugfter or other person felling or retailing senna, shall ncgled to make such entry at the custom-house within the time aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to enter into his, her or their ware-houses, or other places, (if thereunto required) there to view the said stock, as aforesaid, or any part thereof, or shall hide, remove, or convey away the said senna with intent to defraud his Majesty, or (nail not pay his Majesty's dues for the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, then for every or any such offence, the merchant, drugfter, or other person felling or retailing senna Penalty ol respectively, so offending, shall forfeit and lose the sum of forty y * pounds, to be recovered and distributed in like manner as any of the penalties and forfeitures for the non-payment of the duties due on the importation of senna are to be recovered and distributed by any act or acts of parliament now in force relating sol. percent thereunto: provided. That if such persons so chargeable for f*a uTnt1* ^t)C^s °* shall pay his Majesty's dudes due for the

Snexporta- fame, by virtue of this act, before the end of three months, tion duty dif then he, (he, or they shall be allowed for such prompt payment charged. after the rate of ten pounds ter centum per annum for every sum so advanced; and in case at exportation thereof, or any part

thereof,

17*4-] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.43.

thereof, within twelve months after entry made, as aforesaid, larged to three

the said duties payable by this act for such docks of senna (hall-^*" bl

1 1 r J Geo. i.ttat. 1.

be discharged or repaid. c. ax# 10 %

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the cnause of ap-monies lent, and to be lent to his Majesty upon one act of this fef- propriation of lion of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty the monies of by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand .

/even hundred and sixteen, and so much money (if any such be) of c# the tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the loans, made or to be made on that act, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and iGeo,*.ftak*. the charges thereby allowable for raiflng the said tax, shall be satis- c. 36. fled, 0j money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame ; and all the monies lent, and to be lent to his Majesty upon the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, charged and continued by another act of this fession of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ilxteen, and so much money of the said duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry thereby granted or continued as shall arise or remain (if any nich be) alter all the loans made or to be made on that act, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties thereby charged, shall be satisfied, or monies sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame$ shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the fe-reral uses, intents and purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such restrictions as are herein after prescribed: that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, i\pt exceeding in the whole the sum of nine hundred-eighty four thousand four hundred seventy two pounds nineteen shillings and (ix pence, for the naval services following, that is to say, for defraying the Naval services, charges of the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half-pay to sea-officers, and for victual, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and victuallmg thereof, performed and to be performed, and for sea-service in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed, and for extraordinaty repairs of the navy, and other services of the navy and transports performed and to be performed ; and any sum, not exceeding one hundred twenty-two thousand four hundred ninety six pounds eighteen shillings and Ordnance# two pence half-penny, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land services performed and to be performed, including halfpays in that office; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the* sum of one million five hundred twenty thousand eighty two pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence half-penny, for maintaining his Majesty's land-forces, and other services herein after expressed, that is to say, for maintaining

Sards, garrisons, and other his Majesty's land-forces in Great Land farccn stow, Jtrfey, and Guernsey, and twenty eight companies of invalids, ana three independent companies in-North Britain, fot

6 the

288

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat2. c.43.- [17x4^

the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for maintaining his Majesty's forces in his Majesty's plantations in America, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen ; and for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrison in Minorca? for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen ; and for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrison in Gibraltar? for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for the pay of fa thousand men taken into his Majesty's service from the states-general of the united provinces, and for the charge of the general officers belonging to the fame for one year; and to makegood several expences for the service of his Majesty's land forces in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, over and above the sum of one hundred thirty two thousand five hundred sixty three pounds nine shillings and six pence, saved by the pay of thirteen regiments of dragoons, eight regiments of foot, and four companies of the Celdflrcam regiment, from the one and twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, to the twenty fourth of December following; and for several extraordi-naiy expences for the service of his Majesty's land forces, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and to make up the half-pay to the officers of the land forces and marines disbanded (being his Majesty's natural born subjects, or naturalized) full pay for one year, from the twenty-sixth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, to the twenty fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen ; and for halfpay for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, upon account, to the officers of the land forces and marines disbanded, being his Majesty's natural-born subjects, or naturalized; and to defray several extraordinary charges relating to the demo-Deficiencies of lition, and other charges at Dunkirk, and for answering other

grants in 1715. extraordinary services or augmentations relating to his Maje-lupply il. fty.s

land forces; and any sum not exceeding fifty thousand eight hundred eighty six pounds eleven shillings and ten pence halfpenny to make gooa the deficiency of the grants for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and any sum not exceeding three thousand seven hundred and two pounds eight shillings and seven pence, to discharge one year's interest, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum9 of the sum of sixty one thousand seven hundred and seven pounds three shilling* and two pence, or thereabouts, remaining due and unsatisfied, of the sum not exceeding seven hundred thousand-pounds, which was borrowed on an act made in the third year of the reign of S & 4AJ111.C.4. her late majesty Queen Anne, of blessed memory, for laying duties upon low wines, and other things therein mentioned, and towards the repayment whereof another act passed in the sixth X Awl c. ai. year of her said late Majesty's reign, charging coffee and other merchandizes for the term of four years, which expired on or about the twenty third day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any sum not exceeding eighteen thousand eight hundred fifty three pounds three shillings and six pence, to discharge one year's iptcreft, after the rate of six pounds per

centum

17i+O Anno primo Georgii L Scat. 2. c.43. 239

centum per annumy of the sum of three hundred and fourteen thousand two hundred and nineteen pounds eleven shillings and two pence farthing, or thereabouts, remaining due and unfatif-fied of the principal sum, not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds, which was borrowed on the aof parliament of the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty-Queen Aaney of 5 .Inn. c. 9, blciled memory, for laying duties upon candles, and other duties, for five years, which expired on the full day of May one' thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and any sum not exceeding forty two thousand six hundred iixty and five pounds thirteen.

(hidings and six pence* for supplying the deficiency of the fund.

of one hundred sixty eight thousand and three pounds per annum, Deficiencies of

to make good the payments of the ten pound lottery of onc tllclo,‘

thousand (even hundred and twelve, for the two several years,

ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; s

and that the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be

issued or applied to any use, intent or purpose whatsoever, other

than towards the uses and purposes before-mentioned. \

VI1. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, Appropr* That 00 appropriation, or other matter or thing in this not: 1

contained, shall obstru<£t or hinder any payment or payments, '

which by and in purfu&nce of an act made in the first year of^efen^st^" his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for enlarging the capital.the South bca flock and yearly fund of the South Sea company, and for supplying company, by thereby eight hundred twenty two thousand and thirty two pounds four shillings and eight pence to publick ufes\ and for raising one hun- stat'a. c. 21*. dredsixty nini thousand pounds for the like uses, by foie of annuities % upon divers encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating frueml supplies granted to his Mahj1yf are or shall be required and authcii/.ed to be made by the treasurer or paymaster of the navy for the time being, or by any other persons to be intruded with the publick monies for the service of the navy, out of such. publick monies, tallies, orders or parliamentary securities in their hands or power respecYively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery, or to their treasurer, for their ufc; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Viil. Provided also, That such sums, as by any other aclof.Orthe friaries this session of parliament (lull be payable to any commissioners to Com* for taking, examining and dating the debts due to the army, accounu^c. for their salaries, or for their clerks, or other incident charges, cou (hell and may be paid out of the aids or supplies aforesaid, or any of them} any thing herein contained to the contrary not- Continued by withstanding. 9 Geo. 1. c. 19-

Vol. xm.

U

CAP.

293 Anno primo Georgii I. Scats*' c.44^ [1715;

CAP. XLIV.

Continued by din act for the continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or 9 Geo. 2. c.jt. one sixth of a penny Sterling, on every pint of ale and beer

that shall be vended or sold within the city of Glasgow and privileges thereof for the benefit of the said city.

WHEREAS the preserving and encouraging the cities and boroughs eminent by their situation, and ufeftdnefs in trade and manufactures, has been at all times, and in all kingdoms and fiates, the care of the kgiflators, more especially in Great Britain: and whereas the city 0/ulalgow, being a place difiinguijhcdfor these advantages, but yet more considerable for their loyally and zeal for the reformed religion, confutation and liberty of the people j whereof on eul proper occasions, that city has given undeniable proofs, more particularly by furnijbing, at the charge of the inhabitants, considerable numbers of men wellarmed and disciplined, not only for defence of that city, hut even for the support and defence of the government in other places since the revolution, on divers very remarkable occasions, and lately in a most cordial and cheerful manner, in opposition to the mojt unjufii-fiablt rebclRon, begun and carried on by a poptjh pretender to the crowns and dominions of his most excellent Majesty: and whereas the yearly revenues, or common good of the said city, are scarce sufficient fir the annual necessary charge of the government of Jo great, populous, and tifeful a plate, much lefts for payment of the debts of that corporation, which have lately been greatly encreafea by very considerable sums laid out for furnijbing a battalion of foot to serve at Sterling, and for \ putting themselves into a pojlure of defence against the above-mentioned rebels and traitors: and whereas their late tnajefties King William and Queen Mary, and her late majesty Queen Anne, and the Jlates of the parliament of Scotland, did, in consideration of their signal loyalty at the revolution, and during the reigns of the said princes, and towards enabling them so pay their debts, beautify their town, and improve trade there, by two abfs severally passed in the parliaments held in Scotland in the years one thousand six hundred and ninety three, and one thousand seven hundred andfive, grant and continue to the said city the duties after-mentioned, viz. an imfofition of two pennies Scots, over and above the duties then payable to the crown, upon each pint of ale and beer to be brewed, inbrought, vended, tapped, and fold, within the said city and other places therein mentioned, to continue for the Jpace of sixteen years, front and after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred andfitly for the uj'es, ana under the burdens and regulations therein also exprejfed\ which number of years is now near expired, though the coups of the said grants remain, and are rather greater: to the end therefore that the said city of Glasgow may be enabled to pursue the ends and uses expretfed in this and the former grants above-mentioned, and that the said city and others, feeing that just encouragement is provided as a reward of duty and loyalty, while the merit of laudable service is fresh in memory, may be excited jby their example to adhere stedfastly and cheerfully tohisMaJefty's a royal

f 715-1 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 44. 291

royal person, and to the succession as by law establHhed: be it therefore enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That such and the like rates, du- The rates, ties, and impositions, as by the said aCl passed in the parliament on

of Scotland, upon the fifteenth day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety three, and continued by another ad of the^^ by tbe~ £ariiament held in Scotland, upon the twenty first of September, aftsof/une 15. one thousand seven hundred and five, upon each Scots pint of 1693,and Sept, ale and beer, to be either brewed or brought in, vended, tap- ^jnmed tiM011" ped, and fold within the said city, liberties, and suburbs thereof nov, i# I/3gt ? except ale add beer that shall be brewed and vended in the Gor-vah, or any other lands within the said city's privileges, that are taxed to the publick within the shire) shall be further continued, and be paid and payable to the magistrates and town council of the said city of Glasgow, and their successors in office, for their use and behoof; and that .from and after the expiration of the years contained in the above-mentioned act, passed in the parliament of Scotland, upon the said twenty first day of September one thousand (even hundred and five, until the first day of Afc-1temier % which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, the said two former acts severally passed in the parliaments in Scotland, in the years one thousand six hundred and ninety three, and one thousand seven hundred and five, and every clause, article and sentence in them, or any of them, contained, now being in force, shall be and are* by virtue of this act, revived and continued, and shall be i9 force, and be duly put in execution, for and during all such term and time, as is before-mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act, with the alterations following only, Overfieri viz. That whereas the late deceased James duke of Hamilton, appointed* and also John Walkingfbav) of Barrowfield, were appointed over-seers of the said duties granted, and managers thereof: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the place of the said Jatnes duke of Hamilton, and John Wcdkingfhaw of Barrowfield^

Jfb* duke of Argyle, Sir James Campbell of Ardkinlas, Daniel Campbell of Stanfield, and Henry Cunninghams of Boquban, efqrsj shall be, and they arc hereby appointed overseers.

II. Provided also, and it is further enacted by the authority Jhis and the

aforesaid. That if it shall happen so many of the overseers shall *j *to .. : - tl .rr J % r continue in

die, as there shall not remain a quorum, yet this and the former force> tho' no

acts hereby continued, as to all other clauses, articles and fen-quorum of the

tcnces, shall be and continue in full force. overseers re-

III. And lastly. Whereas the building of a key upon the river raain alivc# of Clyde, at the said city of Glasgow, from the place commonly

called the Broomielaw, to a place called Ducket Green, would greatly improve the navigation of the said river of Clyde, and be a conveniency.in loading and unloading of goods: be it therefore also enacted by the authority aforesaid; That out of the

U 2 monies

292

A key to be built on the river Clyde.

The assises for Cornwall shall not be confined to the town of Laimcefton.

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 45*46. [1715*

monies arising by the said impositions, the magistrates of the said city of Ghifgow, and their successors in office, shall be, and they are hereby impowered and required to advance such (urn or Anns as shall be judged necessary by the merchant and trades-houses of the said city of Ghifgow for building the said key, from the said place commonly called the Broomielaw to the £ud place called Ducket Green.

CAP. XLV.

An act for bolding the assise for the county of Cornwall at a convenient place within the said county.

WHEREAS the justices of ajjift', of Nisi prius. Oyer ml Terminer, and general goal-delivery for the county y Cornwall, have, for many years past, conjlantly held and kept the ajjjftt for the said county at Launceston in the said county; which etmftant holding has been oftentimes found inconvenient; for remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent m&jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirittkal and tem-poral and the commons, in this present parliament afievnbfed, 1 and by authority of the fame. That from and after the twentieth day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand feveri hundred and sixteen, the nolding of the assises and general goal-delivery for the said county shall not be confined to the said town of Launceston, but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper of the great seal of Great Britain, for the time being, with the advice of the justices of assise, from time to time, to appoint a convenient place within the said county of Cormvall for the holding and executing alland every commission and commissions of assise, and Nift pmis, Oyer and Terminer, and general gaol-delivery for the said county,* in such manner as he is by law authorized to do for any other county within that part of the kingdom of Great Brkam called England; any law, statute, custom or other matter or thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVI.

An act to prevent the mischiefs by manufacturing leaves or I other things to referable tobacco, and the abitfes in making and mixing of snuff.

WHEREAS tobacco is one of the chief products of Virginia and Maryland, upon which their welfare and fuhfiflinee doth much dtpend\ and by the importation thereof the navigation and Mode of this kingdom, and the publick revenues of the fame, are very math increased: and whereas it is found by experience, that of late fevered evil persons have cut, cured, manufactured and fold walnut-tree leaves, hop leaves, fycomore leaves, or other leaves, herbs, plants, or mate-rials, rtfembling tobacco of the growth or product of the B^tish plantations, to the prejudice of his Majesi/s plantations in America, and of the navigation and trade of this kingdom, and of the publick revenues arising upon tobacco: for remedy whereof for the future, be it

enacted

r7i5*J Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. a. c.46. 293

onaCted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the After June io»

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- Jree^eTveT&c

mons, in this present parliament attembled, and by the autho- SaUnotbecut

rity of the fame. That all and every person and persons what- with tobacco.

soever, who at any time or times after the twentieth day of June

in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six-

teen shall cut, or cause or procure to be cut, any walnut-tree

leaves, hop leaves, fycomore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs,

plants or materials whatsoever, (not being tobacco leaves or

plants) into the form or in imitation of any the usual sizes or

cuts which tobacco has been or shall be cut into, for sale, or

shall colour or cure, or cause or procure to be coloured or cured

any such leaves, herbs, plants or materials, to make the fame

rcmmble tobacco, for fal$, or shall fell, or cause or procure to

be Ibid. or agree or offer to (ell knowingly, any such leaves,

herbs, plants or materials, mixed or unmixed with tobacco, as

if the fame were tobacco, shall, for every pound weight of such

leaves, herbs, plants or materials so cut, coloured, cured, fold

or agreed for, or knowingly offered to sale, and for every pound pcndty of c s.

weight of such mixture as aforesaid, forfeit and lose the sum of for every

five shillings, and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity; pound offered

that is to lay, one moiety or half part thereof to the use of his to sale, to

Majesty, his heirs and successors, (he or they bearing the charge on>"

of prosecution out of the moiety lo accruing to the crown, and

not otherwise) and the othfer moiety or halt part thereof to the

vie of such person or persons as will inform or sue for the fame*,

to be recovered (with full colls of suit) by action of debt, bill,

plaint or information in any his Majesty's courts of record at

Westminflery or in the Exchequer of Scotland, wherein noeilbin,

EroteChon, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall e allowed.

II, And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Like penalty and-eveiy person and persons whatsoever, who at any time or {ton*****1*" times, after the said twentieth day of June in the -year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen shall export or cause to be exported, or shall lade or put on board, or cause or procure to be laden or put on board for exportation, any such leaves, herbs, plants or materials, or such mixture as aforesaid, or endeavour to obtain a drawback for the fame, as if the fame were tobacco which had paid or secured his Majesty's duties thereupon, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the dun of five shillings for every pound weight, and proportionably for a greater or letter quantity, over and above all other penalties which may be inflicted for such offence by any law now in force, to be recovered and distributed in such manner as aforesaid.

III. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Such leaves, all the leaves, herbs, plants and materials so cut, coloured, &c. may he cured or manufactured, fold, contracted for or knowingly offered to sale as aforesaid, and all such mixtures as aforesaid, and all * engines, utensils and tools made use of in the cutting, colour-

U 3 ing.

or secured by order of the juftscei.

The cause of seizure to be

Anno primo Georgii I. Stata. c. 46* f 17151

ing, curing or manufacturing the fame, or prepared for fudt use, shall and ipay be searched for and seized by any officer of the customs, or by any person or persons thereunto Specially authorized by writing under the hands and seals of the Coromissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or of the lord treasurer for the time being, or of the commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them for the time being.

Search to be IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no house made at sea- or warehouse whatsoever shall be opened to search for or fcize sonable hour», such leaves, herbs, plants, materials or mixtures, or such en-? out warrant 8*nes> utensils or tools, but at seasonable hours, and 'not wMi-from two ju- out a special warrant first had^ and obtained from two or more dices. justices of the peace of the county or place where ffich search is

Theleaves,&c. to be made; and that the leaves, herbs, plants and materials, brought to the anc* ^ m>xturcs* engines, utensils and tools, which shall,

custom-house, at time or times, be found and seized within the limits of any port, or within fix miles of the fame, shall be brought to the next custom-house warehouse; and if found and seized at any greater distance from any port, shall be secured by order of any two justices of peace of the county or place where they shall be found, at the King's charge, till the cause of such seizure shall be determined by the justices of the peace in their quarter-tef-(ions; and that the cause of every such seizure shall be heard and determined at the next quarter-sessions, or (at farthest) at ^uaVter^ef by ^ ^econ<* quarter-sessions after such seizure made; and all such Uons -Cr e leaves, herbs, plants, materials, mixtures, engines, utensils and and leaves,&c. tools, (after condemnation or recovery by judgment of such to be burnt, sessions) shall be openly burnt or destroyed by order of the &me at his Majesty's charge.

Pnnifoment of. tV- And j* *s hereby ^rthcr cnafled. That all fenrants and fn vamts, See. labourers which shall be employed in the cutting, colouring, curing or manufacturing any fuen leaves, herbs, plants or mar-terials, to resemble tobacco, or in the making any such mixture as aforesaid, or in knowingly vending the lame, and shall be convicted thereof by the oath of any one or more credible persons, before any two justices of the peace of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, shall or may, by order of such justices, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six months, without oail or mainprize.

VI. And be it likewise enacted by the authority afarefaid, m^y^plcadTthe That if any person or persons shall be sued or prosecuted for general issue, what he or they shall do in pursuance or execution of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue (not gifrlty) and after issue joined may give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall be nonfuir, or forbear further prosecution, or i'uffer discontinuance, or if * verdict pa(s against him, the defendant shall recover treble ccfhfe for which he shall have the like remedy as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

VII. And

employed in cutting or felling such leaves.

Persons filed

and dial] recover treble costs.

1715-] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 47. 295

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fixing or co-That if any person or persons shall, at any time after the said jourinf snuff twentieth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand with oker, &c. seven hundred and sixteen, make, mix or colour, or cause to be made, mixed or coloured, any sort of snuff with any sort of oakers, umber or any other kind df colouring, except with wa-ter tinged with the colouring commonly called Venetian Re4 only; or shall mix or cause to be mixed with any sort of fnufF, any fuftick or yellow ebony, touchwood or any other fort of wood, or any dirt, or dust lifted from tobacco j or shall knowingly fell, or expose to sale, any snuff so made, mixed or co- Forfeits the loured as aforesaid, every such person so offending shall, for eve- and 3L IT pound-weight of snuff so made,, mixed or coloured, forfeit the said snuff, and likewise the sum of three pounds, and pro-^y-oeo i.c.# portionably for any greater or lesser quantity, to be recovered by 1 i.fest. **. this action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majs-afthextemUd courts of record at TVeftminJIer, or in his Majesty's court of* Exchequer in Scotland\ wherein no e(Toin, privilege, protedtionfaff. or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one im- How to be rc. parlance i one moiety of which forfeitures shall be to the use of covered and his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to^0*®** the use of such person or persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the fame.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for the more effectual and exemplary punishmtnt of such persons as fballfeduce soldiers to defers % or who, being papifis, shall inlift themselves in his Majesty'$ service in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the islands of Jersey or Guemicy,

WHEREAS a pernicious and dangerous practice has been in-duftrioujty carried on in these kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, by papists and other evtl-dUposed persons, disaffected to his Majestfs title and government^ under false and groundless pretences, to ddude his good fubjcfts9 who had engaged themselves as soldiers in the service of his Majesty and their country, and to prevail with them by corrupt and dire ft means to desert the fame9 oftentimes in order to procure their ajftjlance for a popish pretender, the avowed enemy of the protestant religion, and the laws and liberties of these kingdoms; for which wicked purposes the feud papists and other evil-disposed persons have with great diligence frequented the publick-houses, and other places where the said soldiers ttfed to resort, or are quartered, and by entertainments, seditions speeches and vain promises, have often fe~ dueed his Majesty's said subjects from their duty and allegiance; for remedy whereof for the future, and for the more effectual and After June 1 exemplary punishment of all offenders in that behalf, be it en-i7*6- Persons idled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the a^icre to

rice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- desert ftallfor* mons, in this prerent parliament assembled, and by the authority fejt 4ol. rf the fame. That if any person or persons whatsoever (other

V 4 than

296 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. C.47. ^5*

than such as are or shall be inlisted as soldiers, against whom " fufHcient remedy is already provided by law) shall, from the first

day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, in Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Jersey or Guernsey, by words or other means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, perswade or procure any soldier or soldiers in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to desert or leave such service, or shall go about and endeavour in manner aforesaid, to perswade, prevail on or procure such soldier or soldiers to desert or leave such service as aforesaid, every such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such offence, forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or to any other person or persons who (nail foe for the fame, the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at tVefl-minster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law shall be ***** tall happen thatany such offender, so con-pay it, to be vilted as aforesaid, hath not any goods and chattels, lands or imprisoned fix tenements, to the value of forty pounds, to pay and (atisfy the months with- fame, or that from the circumstances and hainoufnefs of the Kind in the tr*me lt ^all t^ought proper and convenient, the court, be-pilloiy. fore which the said conviction shall be made, as aforesaid, shall award the said offender to prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding six months, without bail or mainprlze, and also to (land in the pillory for the space of one hour, in feme market-town next adjoining to the place where the offence was* committed, in open market there, or in the market-town hfelf where the said offence was committed.

Prosecution in H. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-six months, said. That no such action shall be brought,'or prosecution carried on by virtue of this act,unless the fame be commenced with-in six months after the offence committed. »

Punishment of III. And whereas to carry on the service of the said pretender, papists lifting and for 0t),er wicked purposes, many papists pretending themselves hiiNhiSv™ prottfiants, and taking the oath of abjuration, and subseribing tbeteji\ service. * when thereunto required, being Jo allowed to do by the pope, and their other spiritual Superiors, the better to disguise and conceal their difigns, do inlift themselves in his Majrjlys troops, whereby the greater danger may arise to these kingdoms, if not timely prevented: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons having profeffed the popish religion, who fmee the full day of Febncary one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, have been inlisted in his Majesty's troops, and who shall not, after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the isles of Guemfiy or Jersey,

!>roduce a testimonial of his having publickly renounced the ame, or shall not, at the time of his inlifting, declare to the of?, Acer or soldier who so inlifteth him, that he hath been, or at present is of the popish religion, shall in such case be liable to* and receive such corporal punishment, not extending to loss of life, as a court martial shall inflict for the feme, who are hereby jmpovvered so to do.

i

CAP.

*97

1715-] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 48/

CAP. XLVIII.

/0 encourage the planting of timber-trees, fruit-trees and other trees, /$r ornament, er profit \ and for

the better preservation of the fame , */&/ for the preventing the burning of woods.

WHERE AS the raising and planting of timber* trees, fruit- This off hex-trees and other trees is of very great profit and advantage to p^aliud^md a-the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas divers lewd anidifor- Xg§o.\c derly persons, and others, have riotoufiy, and sometimes in a clandestine and malicious manner, broke down, <4/ x# or otherwise defrayed such timber-trees, fruit-trees and other trees, discouragement

of the planters and owners thereof \ and the parties whose trees are so defiroyed are remediless, /ir /<wi of knowing the parties so offending: therefore for the better encouraging of persons to raise, plant and preserve timber-trees, fruit-trees, and other trees, in fields, hedge-rows, gardens and walks, and elsewhere, either for ornament, (helter or profit, and for the preventing the malicious defraying or spoiling the feme, and to give remedy to such persons for making them satisfaction for all damages to be occasioned by such breaking down, cutting up, spoiling, or otherwise defraying the lame; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Timber treat, majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri- &c.maliciou<ly tusd and temporal and commons, in this present parliament af- broken down, sembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any person % cc' ihalfmake or persons whatsoever, from and after the twenty-fourth day of good theda-June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and mage to the sixteen, shall maliciously break down, cut up, pluck up, throw owner* down, bark, or otherwise defray, deface or spoil any timber-tree or trees, fruit-tree or trees, or any other tree or trees, the person or persons, body politick or corporate, that is, are, shall or may be damaged by the fame, shall receive such (atisfadfion and recompence of and from the inhabitants of the parish, town, the da-hamlet, vill or place, where such tree or trees shall be so malici- mages shall be oufly broken down, cut up, pluckt up, thrown down, barked, recovered ;n defrayed, defaced or spoiled, and to be viewed, and damages fnjFj and costs to be recoverable and recovered against such parish, t#I*

town, hamlet, vill or place, by the person or persons, whose tree or .trees shall be so maliciously broke down, cut up, pluckt up, thrown down, barked, defrayed, defaced or spoiled, in the lame tnanner and form as hedges and dikes overthrown by persons in the night, in and by an act of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the First, intituled. Lords may approve against their neighbours; usurpations of commons during the estate of particular tenants, are to be levied, and damages yielded; and where such offence or offences shall be committed in that How in Scot-part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be recoverable and re- 'anii* covered by way of fummar a It ion, and in the same manner and fprm as damages in other cases of riot arc to be recovered by the laws there, unless the party or parties so offending shall by such parish, town, hamlet, vill or pla.ee> be convicted of such offence,

with-

288 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat 2. c.43/ [1714,

the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for maintaining; his Majesty's forces in his Majesty's plantations in America, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen ; and for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrison in Minorca, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrison in Gibraltar, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for the pay of six thousand men taken into his Majesty's service from the states-general of the united provinces, and for the charge of the general officers belonging to the fame for one year; and to makegood several expences for the service of his Majesty's land forces in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, over and above the sum of one hundred thirty two thousand five hundred sixty three pounds nine shillings and six pence, favedby the pay of thirteen regiments of dragoons, eight regiments of foot, and four companies of the CoUjlream regiment, from the one and twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, to the twenty fourth of December following; and for several extraordinary expences for the service of his Majesty's land forces, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and to make up the half-pay to the officers of the land forces and marines disbanded (being his Majesty's natural born subjects, or naturalized) full pay for one year, from the twenty-sixth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, to the twenty fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen ; and for halfpay for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, upon account, to the officers of the land forces and marines disbanded, being his Majesty's natural-born subjects, or naturalized ; and to defray several extraordinary charges relating to the demo-Deficiencies of lition, and other charges at Dunkirk, and for answering other grants in 1715. extraordinary services or augmentations relating to his Maje-lupp y a. fty»s jantj forces. ancj any sum not exceeding fifty thousand eight . hundred eighty six pounds eleven shillings and ten pence halfpenny to make gooa the deficiency of the grants for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and any sum not exceeding three thousand seven hundred and two pounds eight shillings and seven pence, to discharge one year's interest, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, of the sum of sixty one thousand seven hundred and seven pounds three shillings and two pence, or thereabouts, remaining due and unsatisfied, of the sum not exceeding seven hundred thousand-pounds, which was borrowed on an act made in the third year of the reign of S & 4.AJM.C.4. her late majesty Queen Anney of blessed memory, for laying duties upon low wines, and other things therein mentioned, and towards the repayment whereof another act passed in the sixth < Aon. c. as. year of her said late Majesty's reign, charging coffee and other merchandizes for the term of four years, which expired on or about the twenty third day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any sum not exceeding eighteen thousand eight hundred fifty three pounds three shillings and six pence, to discharge one year's iptereft, after the rate of six pounds per

centum

*7-i+-] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.43, 2S9

centum per annumy of the sum of three hundred and fourteen thousand two hundred and nineteen pounds eleven shillings and two j>«ncc farthing, or thereabouts, remaining due and unfatif-fied of the principal sum, not exceeding five hundred thousand . pounds, which was borrowed on the act of parliament of the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty- Queen Anne, of * Ann. c. 9. blessed memory, for laying duties upon candles, and other duties, for five years, which expired on the firIt day of May one' thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and any' sum not exceeding forty two thousand six hundred sixty and five pounds thirteen.

shillings and six pence, for supplying the deficiency of the fund, of ofte hundred sixty eight thousand and three pounds per annumy Deficiencies of to make gopd the payments of the ten pound lottery of one the ,o1-thousand fcyen hundred and twelve, for the two several years, g^JJ.12* made ended at Aticbaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen;. and that the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be-issued or applied to any use, intent or purpose whatsoever, other than towards the uses and purposes before-mentioned. A

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, ApproprV That no appropriation, or other matter or thing in this a6ttiQIW nut u- % contained, shall obstrudt or hinder any payment or payments, ;'

which by and in pursuance of an act made in the first year ofiefenci^to'" his. Majesty's reign, intituled, .An att for enlarging the capitalist South sta Hock and yearly fund of the South Sea company, and for supplying company, by thereby eight hundred twenty two thousand and thirty two pounds four iihillings and eight pence to publici ufes5 and for raising one hundred sixty ninA thousand pounds for the like ufesy by J'ale of annuities,, upon divers encouragements therein mentioned > and for appropriating several supplies. granted to his Majesty, are or shall be required and authorized to be made by the treasurer or paymaster of the navy for tbetiriie being, or by any other persons to be intruded with the publick 'monies for the service of the navy, out of such. pubbek. monies, tallies, orders or parliamentary securities in their hands or power respectively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas> and other parts of America, and for encouragix^ the fishery, or to their treasurer, for their use; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Vifl. Provided also, That such sums, as by any other act of.Or (be salaries this ieiSon of parliament shall be payable to any commissioners to co,u-for. taking, examining and dating the debts due to the army, for their lalaries, or for their clerks, or other incident charges, toun Audi and may be paid out of the aids or supplies aforesaid, or any .of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary not- Continued by withstanding. 9 Geo.i. c. 19.

V

vol. xra.

CAP-

390

»oGeo*2.c.43'

Forfeited she-riffthipt and stewartries annexed to the crown. &c.

Bupnrefled conftabularies or regalities subjected to thesherifflliips Ac. where they lie.

And forfeited admiralties, Ac. to the court of admiralty in Scotland.

Anno prifno Georgii I. Stat s. c. 50. ' [1715.'

jurisdiflions so possessed by particular families, without any immediate commijfton from the crowny have been found by Aeperienee to occasion great objbruElion to fuftice , and to prevent the influence end vfe of the many good and laudable laws of this realm: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all the said heritable jurisdic-tions, commonly called conftabularies, regalities or admiralties, which were in the poflTession of the above-mentioned traitors on the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and which are or shall become forfeited within the times above limited, shall from and after the first day of No-member in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen be fupprefted and extinguished, and so remain in all time to come; so that it shall not be lawful at any time after the said first *sr of November in the year one thousand seven hundred and lix-teen, to fell or grant any manner of way, nor by any title of conveyance whatsoever, any of the aforesaid forfeited heritable jurisdictions, commonly, called conftabularies, regalities or admiralties, to any person or persons, fanyly or families, nor to etfedt any such heritable jurisdicttions in the room of the said forfeited heritable jurisdicttions.

XXXII. Provided always, That the several forfeited sheriff-ships and stewartries shall subsist and remain with the fame powers and privileges which belonged to them at the time of the said forfeiture 5 and that the said forfeited sherifflhips and stewartries be, and they are hereby declared to be annexed to the crown, so as not to be alienated by any gift or grant, otherwise than to such person or persons as his Majesty, nis heirs and feccessors shall think fit to grant them, during pleasure only.

XXXin. Provided also, That the several places, towns, villages and bounds, which were subject to the said jurisdictions, commonly called conftabularies or regalities, to be fupprefted; as above, shall, and they are hereby ordained and appointed to become subject to the several sherifflhips or stewartries within the bounds of which they lie, in the same manner that the other places, towns, villages and bounds which were not erected in air made subject to conftabularies or regalities, are and were subject to their respective sherifflhips or stewartries; and that the places and bounds subject to the admiralties or vice-admiralties, which are forfeited and fupprefted, as above, shall and they are hereby ^ordained and appointed to become subject to and under the immediate iurisdiction of the court of admiralty established in Scotland, and reserved by the articles of union; any thing herein, or any other act contained to the contraiy notwith (landing.

ComraiiEoners not incapacitated to fit in parliament, kc. General Hfiie. Proviso for the wives of the late duk.e of Ormond, earl of Marr, and df-courtt Bolingbroke. EXP.

*715-1 .Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. c. 51,52. 301

CAP. LI.

An act for repealing so much of the act of the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject, as tnafts, That no person who should come to the possession of the crown, shall go out of the dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland, without consent of path-ament.

WHEREAS it has pleased Almighty God to place his Majesty on the throne of his anccjiors, and farther to biffs these nations with a numerous progeny of his said Majesty1 s royal family, and in particular with a prince endowed with all virtues and qualifications requisite to render pofierity flourishing and happy: and whereas it is agreeable to the ancient constitution of these kingdoms, that the person of the King or ?}ucen foftild freely enjoy all and every the just and undoubted rights, liberties and privileges of the crown: and whereas by an act uf parliament yajfed in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of our late sovereign lord King William the Tldrd (of glorious 12 & 1 j \V. memory) intituled, An act for the farther limitation of the crown, c* and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject, it was (amongst other things) enacted, That no person who should thereafter come to the possession of the crown, 'ould go out of the dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland, without consent of parliament, which refiriftion may prove inconvenient with regard to the service of our sovereign lord the Kingy (by God's mercy new psjfijfod of the crown) and of his heirs and successors: be it therefore enacted by the King*s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and The clause in consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in theIa'v* this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the n0Cpersonwho lame. That the clause in the said receited act contained, which should come provided and enacted. That no person who should come to the to th .* r-own, pofTeflion of the crown, Ihould go out of the dominions of Eng- '■!It

land, Scotland or Ireland, without consent of parliament, and the without refiriftion by the fame clause meant or intended, arc and shall consent of be repealed, and shall for ever be and be deemed and taken to parliament, be void and of none effect; any thing in the said receited act, or bc any other act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LII.

An act for making the laws for repairing the highways men

effectual.

WHEREAS there are some deftfts in the laws for the better repairing of highways, and elfo some neglects in the execution of the fame, so that they are not so effectual to the end for .whi:h they were made: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament

assembled,

302 ' Annio prime Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 52. [*7*$.

All the laws assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all the laws for repairing ancj statutes now in force, for or concerning the repairing of begpi7tYnexe-common highways, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall cuuon. be duly put in execution according to the tenor of the fai<| laws.

Surveyors ap- II. And be it enacted, That all surveyors of the highways, pointed by the appointed or that shall be appointed by virtue of an act of the M.c. third and fourth of King Irilliam and Queen Mary, intituled,

view thcroads, ^ for the better repairing and amending of highways, and for ice. settling the rates and carriage of goods, shall within fourteen days

after the acceptance of their office, and so from time to time, every four months or oftner, if required thereto by warrant of any two or more justices of the peace, view all the roads, common highways, bridges, caufways, pavements, hedges, ditches, and water-courses appertaining to such highways, together with all nufances or incroachments made or committed in or upon any of them, within the parish, township, village, hamlet, pre-icindl or tithing where they are surveyors, and give a particular land true account in writing upon oath of the state and condition of all such highways, and more especially of such faults and defers in any of them as want to be amended or repaired^ thereof, &c. to and of the negledts of labourers, and of those that are obliged the special fef- to find labourers or teams for the repair of the highways, a? lions. required by law, to the justices at their next special sessions to be

holden for the amendment of the highways, According to the said receited act, to the end that the said accounts may be carer fully preserved, and that at all future sessions the justices of the said division may have full information of, and may be able to examine into the particular state and condition of all the roads^ bridges, caufways, pavements, hedges, ditches, and water-courses, as aforesaid, and may the better execute the powers in the laws relating to highways; and all surveyors neglecting to give such account, as aforesaid, shall suffer the fame penalty as if they refused to execute the said office, to be levied and disposed of as by the aforesaid act is directed, unless they shall have some reasonable excuse for omitting the fame, to be allowed by the justices of the peace of the fame division at such their special sessions.

III. And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That the justices of the peace at such their special sessions, by writing under their hands and seals, may order and appoint the reparation of those great roads which do mod want repair within the hundred or division where such fession is held, to be fird amended, and at what time or in what manner the fame shall be performed, according to which order, if such there be, all and fmgular the respeetive surveyors of the said highways are hereby required to proceed within their respeCfive liberties.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all to be repaired surveyors of highways shall take the first most convenient and before harvest. seasonable time of the year, for repairing and amending the

highways within their refptdivc liberties, and takelarc as fef

as

and give an account on oath of the condition

3&4W.&M C. 12.

Justices to appoint the reparations.

The highways

1715-3 Anno primo Georgii I. Stac.2. c. 52. 503.

as is possible, that the said work may be perfected before the time of harvest; and that they accordingly summon the teams and labourers, by law obliged to work at the said highways, to come in upon such most early and seasonable days as the year shall afford, and to repair such ways in priority, as the justices of the peace at such their special sessions shall direct and order, in manner as is herein before exprelTed; and in ease of no such order from the said justices, then to repair such highways as to the said surveyors shall fcem most needful of reparations.

V. And be it enacted, That if any fine, penalty or forfei- Penalty of tare shall, be laid upon any surveyor or other perkm or per- misapplyiag fons, for not doing his or their auty for the amendment of1**6®*1* any highways, and the said fines, penalties or forfeitures shall be any ways misapplied by any person or persons whatsoever, or by his or their order or diredbon, upon proof thereof, upon oath before the justices at such their (pecial sessions, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds to such person Or persons as shall give information thereof to the justices' as aforfcfaid, to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, rend ring the overplus to the owners * and the find justices at such their special sessions are hereby impowered to exa- y mine Upon oath all persons who can give any account of any money that ought to be applied for the amendment of high- ... ways, and levy the penalties, and dispose of the forfeitures as flforefiud.

' VL And whereas it is enabled by an act made it the third and 3&4-W.fcM. fourth of King William and Quern Mary, 7 % at where the justices ofc % ** the peace of any county, city, borough, or other place, at their general fuarter-frjpons, shall be fully fdttsfied, that the commen highways, cdujways, bridges, frects, or other places within any panfb, toum/bifa hamlet, or other place within their respeitive jurisdiilions, cannot be. sufficiently repaired, amended, paved, ckanfed anasupported, without the help of the said act, that they then may cause ajjeffments to he made, and'the money raised to be drfposed of as by that ail is direitei; bp the genkral conflruition or execution of which ail, it is usualfy confined and underf ood, that no money can legally be raised by assessment towards the repair of any highways, caufways, or parish bridges, till all and every the teams and labourers appointed to work at the said ways have fully performed their six days duty as by law dir cited: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon ap- Quarter-(cf-plicationof the surveyor or'surveyors of the highways for any parish or township to the justices of the peace for the county, ^ent* to be dty, borough, riding or division of the county wherein such raa(je for ra*,f. parish or township lieth, at their general or ijuartcr-sessions ofing money to . the peace holden for the said county, city, borough, riding or repair the division, the said justices being satisfied that the highways, cauf- hlghways,&c. ways, and parish-bridges belonging to the said parish or town-ship are so far out of order, that they cannot be repaired as they ought to be, without further power than what the laws have hitherto directed and appointed, may at their sessions, if they fee-fitting, cause assessments to be nude and money to be raised,

not

304 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.52.*

not exceeding the proportions limited by the said act, in aiiy pari (It or parishes, townships or hamlets, as aforesaid, and the money to be difpoCsd of as by the said act is directed, for the better repairing of the said highways, though the six days work have not been performed; but the raising money by auelTments not to excuse the work of any teams or labourers, by law appointed to work at the said ways.

Justices in ci- VII. And it is hereby enacted and declared. That the justices ties, ire. may Df the peace of all cities, corporations, boroughs, and other SUKST P^ces» are hereby impowered to put in execution any part of relating to this, or any former act or acts relating to any highways within highways. their respective juriididions.

VIII. And whereas divers bread as well as Ngbways art

much prejudiced a::d annoyed by watering the fame., and by flopping up and diverting ujnal water-,

courses., or drawing water-eeurjesto the of the highways,

or ncgUcting to four and keep open such ditches and water-ceurjis, or by leaving the earth of such ditches so found in the highways, to the annoyance of theme be It therefore enacted by thp authority. Penalty of not aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of Septom-louring bar one thousand (even hundred and sixteen, if any perfisn or. mo vine an- Per^onsb who-ought to scour and keep open such ditches *odi noyancct, ic. usual water-courses adjoining or near to the said highways and: effectually to amend such water-courses, and to remove such other annoyances to the highways, shall, by the spade of.thirty, days'after due notice thereof given by the surveyors. of: the highways (which notice the said surveyors are hereby required to give} neglect or delay to do the lame, or shall lcav**he earth of ditches scoured in the highways for the ipaceof ejght days, oath being thereof made by the said surveyors befixe.dK. justices of the peace at such their special sessions for the buodied,. division, or place where such ways do lie, such person So attending Hull , for every eight yards of ditching fa not (bound fad. kept open, forfeit the sum of two shillings and six pence, and, Forfeitures to for each other offence aforesaid any sum not exceeding five 5!SSL, pounds, nor under twenty shillings, to be levied by warrant oS^vreys* tinder the hands and Teals of the said justices, by diftrdb'.aiijd.

lale of the goods and chattels of such person so oflmding*. jpi* dring the overplus, if any be, to the owner: which fortekoras shall be duly accounted for and applied by the said iurveyoraito and for the amendment of the said highways : and thedurreyr. ora of the highways arc hereby authorized and required .wish their workmen to scour and keep open such ditches and wa$er?» courses, and to remove all annoyances to all and every the high* ways, and (where the ditches and drains already made are not sufficient to carry off the water that lies upon or annpya the highways) to make new ditches and drains in and through the lands next adjoining or near to the highways,. and to keep them, scoured, cleansed and open ; and the said surveyors are authorized to come upon the said lands to nuke such ditches or scour

the

1715.] Anno primo Geordii I. Stat. 2. c. 52. 305

the fame with workmen, for all and every of the purposes aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, justices in ci-That where the justices of the peace in any city or market- ties. See. to . town (not having already particular provision made for them aPPoint fca* therein by any former law) or the major part of them, at their

general or quarter sessions, shall judge it necessary to appoint a 3.

lcavenger or Scavengers for cleansing the streets, the said j uftices

shall and may, from time to time, nominate and appoint such

person or persons as they shall think fitting for that purpose,

and also to order the repairing of such streets therein as they

shall judge necessary; and for defraying the charges thereof, an and order the

afTetfment or afteftinents, not exceeding six pence in the pound repairing of

in one year, (hull and may, from time to time, be equally madeftJ?*£8>andIay

upon all and every the occupiers or owners of houses, lands, owr*re,°n

tenements, and hereditaments in such cities: and such afieff-of houiei,

xnent or afleffinents shall and may, from time to time, be made fcc.

by such person or persons, and levied and collected in such

manner as the said justices by their order at such sessions shall

direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raised

shall be imployed and accounted for, according to the orders

and directions of the said justices for and towards the repairing

and cleansing the said streets, from time to time j and the said

assessments being allowed under the hands and seals of such

justices, shall and may be levied, by warrant under their hands To be levied

and seals, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such by distress,&c«

periods (not paying the fame within eight days after demand)

rendring the overplus, if any be, to the ovrner, the necessary

charges of making, keeping, and settling such distress being first

deduced.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,.That surveyor ne*-if any surveyor of the highways (b/ji neglect his duty in any iccting his du-thing required of him by this act, he shall forfeit, for every ty to forfeit such offence, the sum of forty shillings, to be levied and difpo~*°8-

fed of, as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no clerk, or servant to No justice's any justice of the peace shall receive any (urn of money or fee clerk to re-whatsoever, of any surveyor or surveyors of the highways, forccivfe

the oath taken, or accounts given by them at such their speciaf £{\ol. UUr* sessions, as aforesaid ; and if any person or persons shall receive any such sum of money or fee, he shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, if any person or persons shall find him Persons ag-or themselves aggrieved by any thing that shall be done in the grim'd (exexecution of this act (except as to such persons who shall neg-

left to (cour their ditches, and carry away the earth taken out ft^ur tbc?r of the fame, or who shall not carry away stone, timber, straw, ditches, See.) or dung left in the highways, or who shall not remove any the quarter-other annoyances by water-courses to the said highways) that then it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace at the next.th * ‘

Vo*. XIII. X general

.306 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. C; 53,54. [1715*

general quart er-sessions, or the greater number of them, to make such order therein, as to them shall be thought convenient, and the fame to conclude and bind all persons.

General issue. XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for putting in execution the authority of tnis act, every person or person9 so sued may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against him or her, the said defendant or defendants shall reco-ver his or her double costs, for which he or they shall have the like remedy as in cases where cods by law are given to defendants.

Prosecution XIV. Provided also, That no person or persons shall be pu-nonth^ nished for any offence against this act, unless such offender be profecoted for the fame within six months after the said offence committed; and that no*person who shall be punished for any offence by virtue of this act, shall be punished for the fame offence by virtue of any other act or law whatsoever.

Lord mayor, XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, &c. of London the lord mayor, and the justices of the peace for the city

the^power«te Londtn and the liberties thereof, for the time being, and the

vetted in them commissioners appointed, pursuant to an act made in the twenty-by aa& »j second and twenty-third years of the reign of King Charles the Car. a. c. iy. Second, intituled, An act for the better paving and clemfing the streets and sewers ih and about the city of London, shall and may from time to time, within the said city of London and liberties thereof, use and execute all and every the powers and authorities vested in them respectively by the said act, or any other as if this act had not been made.

<?AP. LIIT.

An act for the attainder of Thomas Fortter junior, Efouire, and WiTliint Mackintosh, Esquire, (commonly called Brigadier Mackintosh) of high treason. "

CAP. LIV.

An act for the more effectual securing the peace of the High-lands in Scotland.

TO/ att u en- \\Z H E R E A S the tuflom that has two long prevailed amongst forced by V V the Highlanders of Scotland, of having arms in their cuj- 1Geo.1c.26, tody, and using and bearing them in travelling abroad in the fields* and at publick meetings, has greatly objlrufted the civilizing of the people within the counties herein after named \ has prevented their of-' plying themselves to bufiandry, manufactories, trade, and ether virtuous and profitable employments; has been the cause of many riots, robberies, and tumults; hath and dees tend to disappoint the exeeutiou of the law, to the difhomur of government, and unfpcokable bfs of ms Majesty's subjech 5 has in a peculiar manner been one of the fated' causes of the late unnatural rebellion, and may oecafyn the like or

reciter

xyt5.] Anno primo Georgii T. Stat. 2.' c. 54. 307

greater calamity in time to come, if not prevented by d proper remedy: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirhual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons within the shires of Dunbartain on the north side of the Persons within water of Leven, Sterling on the north side of the river of Fortb % the shires of Perth, Kincardine Aberdeen, Inverncfsy Nairn, Cromarty y Argylty ?un£a^on' Forfar, Bamffy Sutherlandy Caithness* Elginty and Rofsy to have keep or wear in his or their custody, use or bear broad sword, or target, poy- any arm*, nard* whingar, or durk, side-pistol or side-pistols, or gun, or any other warlike weapons, in the fields, or in the way, coming ot going to, from, or at any church, market, fair, burials, huntings, meetings, or any other occasion whatsoever, within the bounds aforesaid, or to come into the Low-Countries armed, as aforesaid : and in case any of the said person or persons above Penalty for described, :shall have in his custody, use or bear arms, otherwise fir“ otm than in this act directed, every such person or persons so offend- tence* ing, being thereof lawfully convicted before one or more justices of the;peace, or before any other judge competent of the place ftraitnarily, shall, for the nrft offence, forfeit all such arms, and be liable to a fine, not exceeding the sum of forty pounds fter-liAg, and not under the sum of five pounds sterling, and to be knprisoned till payment of the said fine; which if not instantly paid after commitment, the said fine may and shall be levied oat of thfe offender's goods and estate, by warrant of the judge who shall pronounce any such sentence, to be applied, the one half to the use of the informer, and the other at the fight of the justices of the peace where such offenders shall be convicted, towards repairing the publick works "within the said shire j and Second of. further, liable to a month's imprisonment: and being convicted fence, for a second offence before the court of judiciary, or before the judges at their circuit, shall forfeit such arms and be liable to a fine, not exceeding the sum of eighty pounds sterling, and not under the sum of ten pounds sterling; and for every subsequent Every subse. offence, to a fine the double of the former, to be levied and queue offence, applied as above: and for want of payment of any such fine, or a sufficient distress to satisfy the payment of it, the offender shall be liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's plantations beyond the seas, there to remain for the space of seven years.

lL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Trials of of-That all trials for the aforesaid offences shall be entred in a re- fenders to be gifter or record to be kept apart by the clerk of the court ofjuf- m a rc‘ ticiary, or his deputies; and that where any offender or often- ^ * ders shall be tried for the first offence before any inferior court, the^clerk of every such court shall, and he is hereby required to Duplicates to exhibit full duplicates of every such trial and sentence following be exhibited* thereupon, signed by his hand judicially, before the judge orthe judges judges at their circuits, in the very next court after such trials ** its*ir clr“ y X 2 shall

3°8

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat; 2. c. 54. ' [1715.

shall have been, to be delivered to the clerk of the circuit; who is hereby required and commanded to enter the fame upon the book of register, which is appointed to be kept separate in man-and shall hate ner aforesaid: and that within forty days after nidi duplicates the fame force ^ exhibited and delivered in manner aforesaid, extracts crees.^ whereof, signed by the said clerk of judiciary, shall have the fame force and authority as extracts from other regiders of decrees and acts in Scotland, by the laws there, have; and that the clerks of such inferior courts, within the jurisdiction of any separate court of judiciary general, shall in like manner forthwith transmit the duplicates aforesaid into the said court, there to be kept in a regidcr apart, in order to the conviction of such persons who shall be guilty a second time, or oftner* of the above-mentioned offence.

Clerks, See. HI. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk or clerks du- any t*ie *n*:er*or courts shall neglect to make and sign plicate^hallU” duplicate, or to exhibit the fame judicially in the circuit-forieit 10I. courts, or to deliver the fame to the clerk of the said circuits, or to transmit the fame in the case above-mentioned ; or if the said clerk of judiciary, or his deputy-clerks of the said circuits, shall neglect to enter the said duplicates upon the regider appointed to be kept in manner before-mentioned, every such clerk so offending shall be liable to a tine of ted pounds sterling,

* to.be levied as aforesaid.

The said mat- IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Urt shall be That the matters above-mentioned shall be point or dittay, and point otdit- that the judges at their circuits shall enquire concerning the tay* . prosecutions that shall have been made upon this act, and the

keeping of the duplicates of the trials in manner above directed. The register V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tobeexhibited the clerk of judiciary, or his deputy, shall exhibit into the said oTwticuuy. court ^ book of register above directed,, at the firit

7> court that shall happen to be held after the return of the judges from their circuits, and the running of the forty days allowed for filling up the said register; to the end, that all neghedts by not making, exhibiting, and delivering duplicates, oruby not entring the fame, together with the proceedings had before the said court of judiciary, or judges at their circuits, in manner above directed, may be punished, according to this without delay, 4

This act shall VI. rrovided always, and be it further enaacd by the autfao-not cx&nd to rity aforesaid, That the prohibition above-mentioned of keep-peers, c. ing^ bearing or wearing any warlike weapons, and the pains and penalties aforesaid, shall not extend to the case of any .peers of this realm, nor their fons, nor of any officers or their afiiftants, Commoners employed in the execution of judice; nor shall this act be con-having 400I. (trued to hinder any commoner, having the yearly income of 8cot$ per ann. four hundred pounds Scots, or more, or who is otherwise qua-SSock8P&c.° ^ified to vote at ele<aions of parliament-men to serve for any of * * the above-named counties, to have in his cudody or ufc, in

manner allowed by laws now in force, any number of arms not

exceeding

tyi5.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2: c. 54. * 309

exceeding two firelocks, two pair of pistols, two swords; the . magistrates of every burgh royal to have in their custody a fuf- Magistrates of ficient number of arms for keeping guard within their burghs, burghs royal and the inhabitants of burghs royal to use the said arms in i^raa-keeping guard, according to the directions of their respective gazines. magistrates: provided always. That the arms in burghs royal be kept in magazines under the care of the magistrates, and not left in private houses; and that the whole number of arms so kept in any burgh royal shall not exceed the number of two hundred ; nor hinder the officers of the army having his Majesty's commissions, and the soldiers under their command, to keep, use, or bear arms as formerly; nor the lieutenants of Lieutenantsof counties, their deputies and the militia, and sensible men under counties may their command, to keep or receive out of his Majesty's rnaga- recci*c arms sines, arms, and to use the fame during the time that their maaa-snilitia and sensible men shall be called out by lawful authority. zjnes. 8 VIL Provided always, That the said lieutenants of counties, their deputies, militia and sensible men under their command, return the arms received out of the King's magazines within But shall re-. twenty .days after the expiration of the time for which they turn them to .shall-.be called out, under the pains and penalties above-men- the magazines. itiooccL

>-4FIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After July 16, That from and after the iixteenth day of July one thousand fe- 1716, Search

. ym hundred and sixteen, when a warrant is granted by any "jay h*

Iqrd lieutenant, or two deputy lieutenants of any of the shires totbenight!T

or bounds above-mentioned, to search for any ammunition or 8

other warlike (lores, which he or they shall judge dangerous to

the peace of the kingdom, and kept or used contrary to the directions' of this present act, in pursuance of an act passed this pnefent session of parliament to that effect, the said search may be made within the said shires or bounds between fun-retting and fuivrifing, if the warrant shall so direct; and in case of refinance or refuial of entry into the place where fuchr search is to be made, of

or of the hiding, concealing or conveying away such arms, am- fiftmx such munition or other warlike (lores, all and every person and per- fearca, fans wilfully aiding or abetting, or being guilty art and part of such refinance or refusal of entry, or the hiding, concealing or conveying away such arms, ammunition or other warlike (lores,

shall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifteen pounds (lerling,

‘dmd odt under five pounds (lerling, to be levied as above.

And whereas it is just and reaftmable, That all such persons as Such persons baue continued faithful to his Majesty during the late unnatural rebel- a# *?a*® J®;

Ho*i pndwho are by this act discharged from beeping or using arms9 f^UohUllui! /bduldbave the just and true value of all such arms as they are obliged jcftyj shall be by this'act to lay aftde r be it therefore enacted by the authority a- paid the full rorefaid, That all persons within the limits aforesaid, who have value of the continued faithful to his Majesty, and who are hereby obliged to lay aside their arms, shall deliver them up to the lords lieute- ^ nants of their refeedive counties, or their deputies, or such other persons as his Majesty shall be pleafe4 to commUfion for that

X 3 purpose,

3*o

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 54. ^1715.

purpose, and shall receive the true and just value of them in money in manner after-mentioned ; that is to say. The lords lieutenants of the several counties above-mentioned, or their deputies, or such other persons commissioned as aforesaid, are hereby commanded and required, before the first day of August in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundrea and sixteen, to appoint, by proclamation to be made at the several market-crosses and parish-churches, proper places and times, within their respective counties, where such arms shall be delivered; and to appoint five or more persons to receive and value the fame upon oath, and grant receipts under their hands for them, bearing the names, number and value of the arms so delivered; which oath, the said lords lieutenants, or their deputies, or such other persons commifTtoned as aforesaid, are hereby required and impowered to administer: and if any of the perforo to he appointed tt> receive and value the said arms, shall wilfufly re-fuse to take the said oath, or to receive or value the said arms, every person so refufinjr shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling; and within forty days after the receipt of such arms, the lords lieutenants, or their deputies, or such other persons commissioned as aforesaid, are hereby commanded and required to transmit the fame to such places as his Majesty shall think fit to dirert, with a (igned lift of the names anddefigna-tions of the several persons who delivered them, and their particular values; and for the effectual payment of the said value, the collectors of the land* tax or excise within the said counties are hereby commanded and required to pay the sums contained in the said receipts out of the first and readied monies that are in or shall come to their hands for the use of the publick: the which receipts, indorsed by the persons to whom they were first granted, are hereby ordered to be passed to the credit of the said collectors of the land-tax or excise, at making up of their accounts.

X. And whereas the prevailing custom of convocating numbers of his Majesty'1 subjects together, with the practice of obliging them to perform divers services, arbitrary and opprejfve, by virtue of chafes in charges, contracts or agreements, within the limits aforesaid, is contrary to the nature of good government, defruftive to the liberties of free people, inconsistent with the obedience and allegiance due to his Majffty and government, as well as the great eft obflruCiion to the improvement of trade, husbaniry and manufactories, and was one of the greatest means of raising and carying on the late unhappy rebellion: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from

After Aug. 1 an(* a^tcr t^lc Augtift in the year of our Lord one

^717, the an- thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and all time thereafter, iraal value of the annual value of the services, commonly called personal at-at* tendance, hofting, hunting, watching and warding, due by vir-(hall^bepaid in tuc an? c^artcr> contract, custom or agreement whatsoever,

money. shall b® Pa^ *n money annually instead of them.

XI. And for the determining the said annual value of services

nual value™* ***<1 attendance* it is hereby further enacted by the authority ar * . — forelaid,

1715.] Anna primo Georgii I. Slat. 2. c. 54. 311

foresaid, That the persons to whom such Services and attendance ^hall bpde* are due, and those by whom they are payable,, shall each f0rtonttmed* themselves agree mutually for the said annual value, or by arbi-trators chosen by their mutual consent$ and in case they cannot agree in manner aforesaid, either party may apply to the lords of the fession at Edinburgh,■ by bill or petition, to have the said annual value ascertained by them ; and . the said lords of the fession are hereby impowerea and required summarily to determine the said annual value, after having heard both parties, or summoned and given them time to compear.

XII. Ana for preventing the like abufea in time to come, it Clausesin is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all charters, &c. clauses in charters, contracts or agreements of any fort, where-by the foresaid services of personal attendance, hofting, hunt- &c. ing, watching and warding are contracted to be payable, and void, for which'a certain sum of money is ordered to be paid annually as above, as well as all obligations to pay the aforesaid services and attendance, which shall hereafter be contracted, shall, from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, be void and null, and of no effect in law, and so remain in all time to come.

' XUL* Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Not to extend shall be construed to enervate or take away any other clause or to other article in the aforesaid charters, contracts or agreements, be- J“the side* chafe clauses, by virtue of which the foresaid services and ™ c er8' personal attendance of hofting, hunting, watching and warding are payable.

XIV. Provided also, That the foresaid agreements by mutual Agreements content or by arbitrators, or failing of these, the sentences of by mutual the lordsof the session interposing as above, whereby a certain &c*

sum of money shall be determinal to be paid annually, instead Uw. ^ of the foresaid services of personal attendance, hofting, hunting, watching and warding, shall have, and they are hereby ordered to have the fame force and effect in law, as if the said sum of money ascertained and determined as above, were insert as payable in the said respective charters, contracts or agreements, instead of the said services of personal attendance, hofting, hunting, watching and warding; any law, statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of 6 Ann. c. 6. her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for rendring the union of the twokmgdoms more intire and complete $ it is a-mtmg other things enacted, That circuit courts shall be holden in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, in manner and at the places mentioned in the said act: and whereas, by the late unnatural rebellion, the course of justice in Scotland has been so interrupted*, as rendred it impoffibte to give up and transmit preferments in such due time, as projections might thereupon commence before the circuits to be holden in May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, whereby and by the absence of several Jberijfs and other officers appointed by law for executing the portous rolls, who joined in the said rebellion, there

X 4 appeared

3i2 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. a. c 55. 71*5 '

Lord justice appeared a mctffitj of superseding the fold circuit: be it therefore ^mnified for cna^cc* ^ authority aforesaid, That the lord justice clerk, noTperform-^ an^ commissioners of judiciary, and all and every other p»:rfon in£ the cir- and persons therein concerned, are hereby exonerated and in-cuit in May demnified for their not performing the said circuit, a* by the I71** forecited ad thfcy were obliged to do; any thing in the lame

act, or in any other'law or statute to the contrary tiotwith-standing. - ■

XVI. And whereas the want of schooh in proper places,for the education of youth within the bounds aforesaid, is also a great eaufc of the ignorance and rudeness of the meaner fort of people in ftoft parts : Recount to be be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid,''That laid before hit such persons Is his Majesty ihaii appoint under his royal sign Majesty,tf manual, shall, and they are hereby' required and ittfpowered, jbi^hJou!** on or before the tirft day of Deremhr in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, to lay before his Majesty an account of'the proper places foredablishing schoftls, and of the necedary salaries for the maintenance of them* that all needful provision may be made for that end.

cap. tv.

An act to oblige papiJU to regijler their names and real efiates.

WHEREAS the papists within this kingdom, notrvitkflanding the tender regard that hath been Jheum them for tnvty years last paji, by omitting to put in execution the ma .y penal laws which (on occasion of the many just provocations //wv have given, and horrid defegns they have framed* for the deft ruction of this kingdom and the extirpation of the prenfant religion) have been tunic against them ; and mtwithstanding tljey have enjoyed, ana do Jlill enjoy tto protection and benefit of the government, as well as the rest cf his Msjeffs fob-jecls* have not only, all or the greatest part of them* been concerned in friri/rg up and supporting the late unnatural rebellion, for the dethroning and murdering his most focred Majesty \ for dejircying our present happy ejlabUflment; for settling a popish pretender upon the throne of this kingdom 5 for the destruflion of the protestant religion, and the cruel murdering and majjacrhtg its profejj'ors \ by which they have brought a vaf exptme upon this nation : and whereas it mvd-feftly appears by their behaviour, that they take themselves to be obliged, by the principles they prof ifs, to be enemies to his Majesty and to the present happy establifoment, and watch for all opportunities of fomenting and Jlirring up new rebellions and disturbumes within the kingdom, and of inviting foreigners to invade it: and for as much es it is highly reajonable that they fimld contribute a large foare to ail such extraord nary expences as arc or shall be brought upon this kingdom by their treachery and instigation : and to the end that, by paying largely to the lute great expences by them brought upon this Jtatiou, they may be deterred, if pofijble, from the like offences for the future: and that this nation may have the benefit of his Ma-jcJb's gracious condejcension, in giving his interef in the two third parts of all the papists efiates, which are already forfeited to him by lpw7 for the use of the publitf, either by fazing the faii two thir$

17T5*1 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 55.' 313

parts of their estates for the publick fervid, or by laying feme tax or chirge upon their estates in lieu thereof in such proportion and in such manner as shall be determined to be reasonable in parliament: and to the end that their estates may be certainly known and discovered, for the purposes aforesaid, or for such other ends as a parliament shall think fit, be it enacted by the King's mod ex* cellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every person and persons, not having taken the oaths herein after-mentioned before the last day of Trinity term one thousand seven PapiitsmEng-hundred and sixteen, in the manner by law required, having land, tec. of any estate or interest in any lands, tenements or hereditaments,the age of iz or who shall hereafter have any estate or interest in any lands, ™ tenements or hereditaments lying, being or arising in that part having taken of Great Britain called England, or in Wales* or the town of Ber- theoatbs, (halt wick upon Tweed, who is or shall be a popish recusant or papist, before Jan. so, or is or shall be educated in the popish religion, or whole parent or parents shall be a papist or papists, or who shall use or pro-fess the popish religion, shall, if he, (he or they be, on the twenty fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, of the age of one and twenty years, on or before the twentieth day of January in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and if he, (he or they be, on the said twenty fourth of June, unborn or under that age, within the space of six months next after he, (he or they shall respectively attain to that age, and have such estate or interest as aforesaid, take the several oaths appointed to be taken by such persons who bear any of-fice under his Majesty, by an a ft made in this present session of appointed by parliament, intituled, An act for the further security of his Majt- iG«o.i.stat.». ffs person and government* and the successton of the crown in the heirs c*1J* of the late princess Sophia, being protejlants, and for extinguijbing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abetters, and also repeat and subseribe the declaration set down and repeat and expressed in an act of parliament made in the thirtieth year and fabicribe of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An thededarado* act for the more effectual prejerving the King's person and govern- **

went* by disabling papists from fitting in either house of parliament, in the high court of chancery, court of King's bench, court of common pleas, or court of Exchequer, or at the general quarter-sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, riding or division, where such lands, tenements or hereditaments, or tome part thereof, shall lie or arise, between the hours of nine and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, or in default thereof shall, w in default within the space of six months next after the time hereby ajp- shall within pointed for him, her or them to take the said oaths, and 10, six months from rime to time, within six months after he, (he or they, or after any trustee or trultees for him, her or them, or his, her or their of

benefit or advantage, shall come into the pofteflion or perception jLnyUnd^&c* of the rents or profits of any other lands, tenements or hereditaments, register, or procure to be registred, his, ber or their ngfar their

paipe maiqt and

3*4

lafkd, &c. in books to be kept by the clerks of the peace.

Manner of re giftring.

Estatet let up n lease.

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. 0.55. ‘ [1715.

name or names, and all such lands, tenements and hereditaments, whereof he, (he or they, or any trustee or trustees for him, her or them, or his, her or their benefit or advantage, shall be in poflession, or in the receipt or perception of the rents or profits, which are situate, lying, being or arising in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and shall express or cause to be expressed in such register, in what parish, township or place such lands, tenements and hereditaments, and every part thereof lie or arise, and who, for the time being, is or are the poflcfibrs thereof, and of every part thereof, and what estate or interest he, (he or they,, whose name or names is or shall be so registred relpedivdy, have in the fame, and in every part and parcel thereof respe£tive1y,>and the yearly rent referred to him, her or them for the fame, if the fame shall be lett; and if the fame shall be lett upon* lease, then by whom such lease was made, what yearly or other jrent is reserved thereupon, and what fine or sum of money was paid for such lease thereof, in case the fame was made by himself or any person in trust for him, or that he was party or privy thereunto, and the time and day of the month and year when such entry shall be made, in a parchment-book or books, roll or rolls, which shall be kept by the clerk of the peace for every county, riding and division, where such lands, tenements or hereditaments shall respectively lie, arise or be. And to the end that all fraudulent or covenous registring any persons names or estates^ who do not desire to have Persons names them registred, may be prevented, every person whose name to be subserib- an(j estate shall be, or ought to be registred as aforesaid, is here-fenee o^tyro*' ky obliged to take care that his name be, within the said six months hereby allowed for making such registry, subseribed to such registry or entry in the said books or rolls, in the presence of two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding or division, where such registry shall be,, in open sessions, either by the person himself whose name and estate shall be so registred, or by his attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by warrant of attorney under his hand and seal, executed by him in the presence of two or more witnefies, two of which witnefies at the lead shall make proof of such execution Upon their oaths at the quarter-sessions where such name shall be subseribed or registry produced ; and the justices of the said court of quarter^ sessions are hereby impowered and required to examine such witnefies upon oath for that purpose; and two of the justices of the peace then present shall subseribe their names to every such entry which shall be so made before them, as witnefies that the fame was duly made as aforesaid ; and in default thereof each of the said justices then present shall forfeit twenty pounds to the King. And to the end that the parties concerned in the pre-mitfes may find no difficulty in procuring their names and estates to be registred as aforesaid, all and every such clerk and mrehmentCCP ^er^s ^ peace are hereby required to keep parchment-books

books to enter & parchment-rolls at some notorious place in the county, riding tip names, or di vision, in which they shall act as clerks of the peace; and (hau

by themselves or their lawful deputies register and enter in the said

books

justices.

Ttvo justices to fubllnbe their names, on penalty of tol.

Clerks of the

3*5

15-] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 55.-

oks or rolls the christian and fumames of all and every such per-a or perfoiu, who shall come in person and de(ire to be regi-ed as aforesaid, or shall fend any writing under his,-her or their fid to such clerk of the peace or his deputy, desiring him to refer his, her or their name or names ; and shall also register the and register ate in lands, tenements and hereditaments of every such per- theestates,&c«

1 and oerfons, in such manner and in such words, as he, (he they shall, by any writing signed by him, her or them respec-ely, desire such clerk of the peace or his deputy to register the ne: provided the person or persons who desire such registry be made, shall tender and pay to such clerk and clerks of the

ace, or -to his or their lawful deputies, the fees hereby ap- Fees to be tinted to be paid unto him or them for such registry, and so at they apply to him or them to enter such registry, and deli-r to him in writing the words he or they iefbeftively delire to ive so registred or entred, ten days at the least before the quar-r-sessions where the entries thereof are to be subscribed as a-refaid ; and such clerk or clerks of the peace, or their lawful Books to be rputy or deputies, shall enter such persons names and registry carried to the their estates before the next quarter-sessions of the peace after rcf* ch delivery in the said books or rolls, and shall carry the said >oks and rolls in which such entries shall be so made with him them to the next and every other quarter-sessions of the peace be held for the county, riding, division or place where such ttry shall be made, until the time of such subscribing the fame all be expired; to the end that all and every the persons hose names shall be or ought to be registred, as aforesaid, or eir respective attorney or attornies, may have an opportunity come to the said sessions, and subscribe the names of the per- clerks of the ns so to be registred to the fame; and such clerk and clerks of peace to keep .e peace shall also keep alphabetical tables of the fumames of all alphabetical id every such person and persons whose names and estates shall ; so registred, and of the parUhes and townships where the 1 *'

nds b registred lie, with reference to the place in the book or x>ks, roll or rolls, where such names and lands shall be regi-red; and shall also carefully keep all such warrants of attorney and file the]

; shall be so proved, as aforesaid, upon a file, together with warrants of ich books and rolls ; and shall likewise enter such warrants of attorn*y» tomey upon record, and shall have for such registry and entvy n record, a fee of threepence for every two hundred words which 3d. for every ich registry and entry on record shall contain, and no more, to **> words,

5 paid by the person registring the fame; and shall also have

le sum of four pence, and no more, for every search that shall +d. for every

2 made for the name or estate of any person; and is and are search.

Mcby required to make search on the request of any person or srfons who shall pay such fees, and also shall permit and suffer

ich person and persons to inspect and search the said tables,

3oks and rolls, and infpcft such letters of attorney as shall be so led, if he or they shall desire it; and every such clerk of the Clerk of the :ace is hereby required to give copies of such registries, sub- peace shall ribed by himselfor his lawful deputy, to every person and per- Ri^LcoP'es °*

6 ions 9

ji6

and refuting shall forfeit his office.

Penalty of persons not taking the oaths,'or not registring their estates, &c.

Fo/feitures, how to he recovered and dilpoi'ed.

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 55. [1715*

fons who shall desire such copies, and tender him the fees hereby appointed to be paid for the fame; and shall suffer such persons who shall request him so to do, to examine the fame with the roll or books by him kept, and for so doing shall take a fee of three pence for every two hundred words contained in every such copy as shall be so taken, and no more; and if any clerk of the peace shall neglect or refuse to do any of the matters or things hereby appointed to be done by him, and be thereof lawfully convicted, he shall thereby forfeit his office} and if any such person or persons, who is or are hereby required or intended to take and subseribe such oath, and repeat and subseribe such declaration, as aforesaid, or in default thereof to register or cause to be registred, his, her or their name and names, estate and estates, as aforesaid, shall not either take andiiiblcribe such oath, and repeat and subseribe such declaration* as afbre-(aid*, in such manner, as aforesaid, or register his* her or their respective name and names, and estate, in such manner, as * foresaid; and also subseribe his, her or their respectivenameor names to such registry, or procure the fame to be subseribei thereto by his, her or their respective attorney or attornies, lawfully authorised, as aforesaid, so to do, within tho respective times herein before limited or appointed for his, her or their . doing thereof, or shall not register the fame truly, that then and in every such case, the person and persons wilfully neglecting or refuting so to do, or committing any fraud in such.iiegifity shall forfeit the fee-simple and inheritance of all such lands, tenements and hereditaments not registred, or fraudulently registred, whereof he, (he or they, or any person or persons in trui for him, her or them, was or were seized in fee-funple at the time of such default or fraud in registring, as aforesaid, and the full value of the inheritance of all such lands, tenements and hereditaments not registred, or fraudulently registred,; as aforesaid, whereof he, (he or they, or some person or persons in trust for him, her or them, was not or were not (cited in fee-simple at the time of such default or fraud, as aforesaid; two third parts thereof to the King, and the other third part thereof to such person or persons, being a protestant or proteftanu, who shall sue for the fame at the common law, in any jof his .Majesty's courts at Westminster % by such action, bill, plaint, (bit or information, or other process as shall be proper, acctafing to the nature of the case, and of the thing sued for, or ind* high court of chancery ; and the person so luing shall be iatatkd in the high court of chancery to demand all such discoveries a he might do if he were a purchaser upon a valuable oonfidcB-tion of the estate so sued for; and to demand a true diioomy from all persons of all such incumbrances and titles which any way do or may aflfeft the fame, and of all trusts relating thereto or protecting the fame; to which bill or bills no pica or demurrer ft tall be allowed, but the defendant or defendants shall sufficiently answer the fame at large; and also that the person suing for any such real estate may, if he shall think fit, bring ap

cje&ncm

317

17 *5-1 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 55.

ejectment for the fame upon his own demise, and give this act and the special matter in evidencej and if it shall appear upon trial of such qeftment, that the estate sued for is the estate of the person so neglecting to register, or fraudulently registring, and the defendant shall not be able to make it appear that he took the said oaths, and repeated and subseribed the said declaration, in such manner as aforesaid, or otherwise that he registred his name and the estate so sued for in such manner as aforesaid, a verdict shall be given for the lessor of the plaintiff in such ejeft-ment, and judgment shall be thereupon had in such manner as is usual upon verdifts in qeftment, and the lessor of the plaintiff shall have costs of suit, as is usual when judgment in qeft-ment is recovered by, or given for the lessor of the plaintiff; and by such judgment two third parts of the lands, tenements and hereditaments so recovered, shall be vested in the King's xnajestyyhis heirs and successors, and the other third part thereof in the person who shall be the lessor of the plaintiff in the said ejectment.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the au- Person* be-thority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, who is or are ?ond on hereby required or intended to take and subseribe such oath, ^3^1 the7l^# and make and subseribe such declaration, or to make such re- oaths*before

Siftry, as aforesaid, shall be beyond the seas upon the eighteenth May to, 1717.

ay of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, that then procuring and in such case, if such person or persons shall take the oaths, or repeat and subseribe the declaration hereby appointed to be subseribed, taken, repeated and subseribed in such court, and in such man- and efbtes re. ner as the fame arc hereby before appointed to be taken, repeated and subseribed, on or before the twentieth day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, or in default thereof shall procure his or their respective name and names, estate and estates to be registred in such manner, as aforesaid, at any time within six months next after the said twentieth day of May one thousand (even hundred and seventeen, that then and in ipch case, such taking the oaths and repeating and subseribing the said declaration, or such registry of his or their respective name or names, and estate or estates, shall be as good and effectual, in respect of every such person and persons so being beyond sea upon the said eighteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, as it would have been if such person had taken the said oaths, and repeated and subseribed the said declaration on or before the twentieth day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, in such manner as aforesaid, or had registred his name and estate in such manner as aforesaid, within six months next after the said twentieth day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.

III. Provided, That in case such person or persons so making Purchaftrs, default, or committing any fraud in registring, as aforesaid, after &c. fora ra-./uch default or fraud committed, and before he, (he or they be luablcconfidc-thereof convicted, or any ejectment or suit brought for such for-.foiled lands, tenements or hereditaments, shall buna side, for a ™ default or

just

3x8

fraud in registring, shall not be prejudiced, &c. by reason of any forfeitures.

Not to extend to persons not actually seised* See. for the space of six months*

Mot to compel may farmers! &c. to register,

Nor to prejudice any creditor; but persons making default. See. in registring in cum* brances, shall forfeit the value*

Times allowed to persons in the Indies or America*

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 55. [1715.

just and valuable consideration9 convey over, grant, lease or incumber all or any such lands, tenements or hereditaments omitted, or fraudulently registred, as aforesaid, that then and in such case, the person or persons so purchasing, or having such grant, lease or incumbrance, as aforesaid, not knowing, at the time of such purchase or incumbrance made, the said offender to be a person within the description of this act, shall not be prejudiced, nor his, her or their estate or interest in the said lands, tenements and hereditaments, impeached, for or by reason of such forfeiture, as aforesaid$ but in that case the said offender shall forfeit the value of the inheritance of the said lands, tenements and hereditaments, to be distributed and recovered in manner as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this present act contained shall extend or be construed to extend ta compel any person whatsoever to register, or procure to be registred, any lands, tenements or. hereditaments, until he or some other person or persons, as trustee or trustees for him or his benefit, or on his behalf, is, are, have or hath been, or shall be actual-]y seized and have notice thereof, or possessed, or in the receipt olf the rents or profits of the fame, for the space of six months*

V. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel any person or persons to register any lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof he, (he or they shall be only former or farmers, or tenants at a rack-rent, or who only do or shall hold by lease or leases, whereupon two thirds of the full yearly value, or more, is, are or shall be re-served.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to defeat or prejudice any protestant, or other creditor, who bena side hath or shall have any charge Or incumbrance upon any real estate or estates hereby directed to be registred ; but then in case of such charge or incumbrance, the person or person* so making default, or committing any fraud in registring, as afore-foid, shall forfeit the value of such charge and incumbrance, one third part thereof to and among the person and persons who shall by virtue of this act sue for and recover the lands, tenements and hereditaments forfeited, as aforesaid, and subject to such charge and incumbrance, or any part thereof, in proportion to the part lb by him, her or them recovered, and two third parts thereof to the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and Cue-ceflors.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons being in the East or IVe/l-Indies or America, shall be compelled to take the said oath9, and sign the declaration before-mentioned, and register his, her or their estate or estates at the time within mentioned, but shall have twelve months longer than the times herein before respe&ively allowed to persons beyond the seas to take the

L

3»9

171$.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. c. 5

said oaths, and sign the said declaration, and register their estate and estates; any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVI.

yfn act to disable any person from being cbofe a member of, or

from fitting and voting in the house of , has

any penfton for any number of years from the crown.

WHEREAS by an act, intituled,An act for the security of AaBc* 7*

her Majesty's person and government, and of the iut-cession to the crown of Great Britain in the protestant line, and made in theJixth year of the late Queen Anne, was provided.

That no person having any penfton from the crown during pleafurt,

should be capable of being defied, or of fitting or voting as a member of the house of commons, in any parliament which should be then after

summoned and holden; to the end therefore that the provision intended by that law, for securing the honour of the house of commons, may not in future times be defeated or eluded by any person who shall be a member of the house of commons, accepting any pension for any term or number of years; be it en- No person acted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ad- * vice ana consent of the lords spiritual gnd temporal and com- c^n, flail be mons, in this present parliament aflemmd, and by the autho- capable of be. rity of the fame. That no person having any pension from the ing elected, crown for any term or number of years, either m his own name, ^c‘* or in the name or names of any other person or persons in trull for him, or for his benefit, shall be capable of being elected or chosen a member of, or of fitting or voting as a member of this present or any future house of commons which shall be hereafter summoned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That person if any person who shall have such pension, as aforesaid, at the Mnfcm, and time of his being so elected, or at any time after, during fucfr who being time as he shall continue or be a member of the house of com- elected flail mons, shall presume to fit or vote in that house, then and in^*"*1** such case, he shall forfeit twenty pounds for ev?ry day in which farfyj he shall so fit or vote in the said house of commons, to such per Hi-m, to person or persons who shall sue for the fame in any of his Ma- the profocu* jesty's courts in Westminster-Hall; and the monies so forfeitedtor*

shall be recovered by the person so suing, with foil costs of suit in any of the said courts, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no efioin, privilege, protection or wager of law shall be allowed, and only one imparlance.

3*0

I

Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 57. [1715.

CAP. LVII.

An act for letter regulating hackney-coaches, carts, drajSy carrs and waggons within the cities of London and Well-minster, and the weekly bills of mortality; and far preventing mischiefs occasioned by the drivers riding upon such cartSy draysy carrs and waggons.

$ Ann. c. 43. \XT HEREAS by an act of parliament made in the ninth year V V of the reign of her late majesty £>ueen Anne, intituled, An act for licerifing ana regulating hackney-coaches and chairs; and for charging certain new duties on fhmpt vellum, parchment and paper, and on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock-salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby, ana by a weekly payment out of the poll-office, and by several duties on hides and fleins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty-six thousand six hundred and fevetity pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the satisfaction of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any sum not exceeding two millions, to be raised for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions, a power xvas given to the commissioners therein mentiomdy from time to timcy during the term of thirty two years therein mentxonedy to /;-tense all such perfonsy who, from and after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lora one thousand seven hundred and fifteen % at any time or times within the said term, should drive or keep hack-. ncy-coach or coaeh-horses within the cities ^London and Wfcftmin-

fter, or the suburbs of the famty or within the parishes comprized within the weekly bills of mortality: and whereas several incorrjenien-cies have been found by reason of a clause in the said act, whereby the commissioners are impowered to make by-laws to bind such persons enh who shall have licenses to keep hackney-coaches: and whereas several doubts have arisen in relation to other clauses in the said act; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and' be it enacted by the King's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, ana by the authority of the feme. That for the better regulating and ordering such persons who are or shall be licensed to keep or drive hackney-coaches, and the renters of such licences, and drivers of such coaches, and to prevent any disturbances and other inconveniencies in the streets and highways where such coaches shall stand and be driven, and for punishment thereof, it shall and The commis- may be lawful for the commissioners (from time to time atitho-fionert for rized to put the said receited act in execution) or the major part patting in ex- of them, to make such orders, by-laws and ordinances, from aft ^^Aim ^me to t*mc* to who are licensed to keep hack-

ee 43. may ney-coaches, the renter or renters of such licences, and driven make by- of such coaches, and to annex such reasonable penalties, as the Jaws, Ac. to said commissioners in their discretion shall think fit, lb as such ers^&c* Sr ort*er5* by-laws or ordinances, be made agreeable to the true hackney- intent and meaning of this act, and the former acts concerning poaches* hackney*

3**

17*5-1 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c. 57.

hackney coaches, and be forthc better putting in execution thereof*, and for the good government and regulating the persons licensed to keep coaches,and the renters of such licences, and drivers of such coaches, and so as they do net contain any thing repugnant to the laws of this realm ; the said by-laws to be approved snd put in execution, as in and by the said receited act is directed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty for re-If any hackney-coachman or driver (nail refuse to go at, or shall fusing to go exart more for his hire than according to the said recited art, or for S

by-laws made pursuant thereto, shall be limited and appointed, t^n ac_

he shall for every such offence forfeit a sum ac the discretion of cording to the the commissioners authorized to put the said art in execution, or laid art. the major part of them, not exceeding three pounds nor under ten shillings, the said offence or offences to be determined, and the said penalties and forfeitures to be recovered, levied and ap- 9 Ann. c. 13.

f'died, as in and by the said recited act is direrted concerning the orty shillings penalty for the offences aforesaid.

III. And be it further enarted by the authority aforesaid, That None but per-from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, no person or Ions licensed persons shall presume to stand, ply or drive for hire, with any coach whatsoever, hearse or coach-horses, or shall let to hire ^ortei-iny mourning-coach or coach-hcrics, to wait or attend on any ture of 5 1. funeral within the cities of London and Westminsiet, or suburbs* of the fame, or within the parishes or places comprized within

.« ___ li ». *ii r - r 1 r

the before-mentioned art, That every person and persons so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds, the said offence to be determined, and the said penalty to be recovered, levied and applied, as in and by The said recited art is direrted concerning the penalty for driving an hackney-coach for hire without licence within the places aforesaid.

IV. And whereas of late it has been the common practice of under* takers of funerals to hire gentlemen's coaches and horfts of their fer-t/ants, without the knowledge and consent of their mnflers, to wait and attend on funerals, to the prejudice of the owners of such coaches and horfts, and greatly to the detriment of the persons licensed to keep coaches andhorfes to let to hire within the places aforesaid: and whereas 9tis difficult to prove any fetch hiring of such persons by the undtr-takers, for that *sis a matter privately transafltd between themjclves9 and a certain common pr ice (known between the parties) is confiantly Paid though no agree runt wade: he it therefore further enarted by rhe authority aforesaid, That if any person shall drive a mourn- Mourning ing-coach to any funeral, except the fame shall have a number coaches shall fixed on the forc-standard of such coach or hearse, or in some not ^ drlven Dther convenient place to be appointed by the commissioners, excep^they shewing it to be a licensed coach or hearse to be let to hire, or have a ntim-except the fame shall be the coach of some person of quality or her,or gentle, gentleman's coach attending the mailer or miff refs, or any of,ren$caches, his, her or their family 5 and if information shall be given to J.

the said commissioners of such fart, it dial! and may be lawful for

Vot. XIII.

Y

the

32Z Aijno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c.57. [1715.

the commissioners to summon the party driving such coach or hcarfe before them, and on default of such party or parties appearing on such summons before the said commissioners, the commissioners are hereby impowered to proceed against him or them; and although no express hiring shall be proved, yet unless such party or parties shall appear and prove a previous order or command from the owner of such coach or coach-horses to attend at such funeral, it shall be deemed and adjudged a driving for hire, and the said party shall forfeit for such offence the sum of five pounds, to be recovered of the driver of such coach, hearse or horses, or the undertaker of such funeral, and to be levied and applied as in and by the said recited act is directed concerning the driving an hackney-coach for hire without licence.

V. And be it further enacted,- That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or ucr«&i nine t*lcm d°nc or executed in pursuance of this act, he or they shall antTJhaii have and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and thefpe-doublecoiti. cial matter proper for his defence in evidence; and if upon a trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonsuited, discontinue or forbear prosecuting their said actions, then such defendant and defendants shall have double costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which costs he shall have such remedy as in other cases where costs are by law given to defendants.

No Certiorari. VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no writ or writs of Certiorari shall supersede execution, or other proceeding, upon any order or orders made by the said commissioners, in pursuance of this a Cl; but that execution and other proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon; any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

Aldermen.&c. VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may belaw-the ^ ^or aldermen of every ward of the said city within his ward,

like" penalties6 and every justice of peace within hisjurisdicttion, in the said cities as the commit- and counties, to inflidl the like penalties, and to levy the fame (loners. in the same manner, for any offence or offences contrary to this act, within any the places aforesaid,as'the commissioners above-mentioned have power to inflict and levy upon any such offenders, as aforesaid; provided that no person be punished twice for the fame offence.

VIII. And whereas, through the negligence of carters, draymen, carmen, and waggoners, riding upon their carts, drays, cars, and waggons, in the Jlrects ^London and Welt minster, the borough ^Southwark, and other streets within the weekly bills of mortality, aged and other . persons, and children, are frequently maimed, wounded, and killed;

1716. car-^or preventing such mischiefs for the future, be it enacted by the teis &c. shall authority aforesaid, That if any carter, drayman, carman, wag-ride on his goner, or other person, driving any cart, dray, carr, or waggon, cart, &c. jn or through any the streets or lanes aforesaid, shall after the said 2 twenty

on forfeiture of 5 !

Persons prose-

cuted m;ty plead the ge-

3*3

tyt6.) Anno tertio Georgii I. c. i.

twenty fourth day of June)one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, ride upon such cart, dray, carr, or waggon, not having fom* other petfon or persons on foot to guide or conduct the fame, every such offender being thereof convicted before the aldermen of the ward, or one or more justice or justices of the peace for the city or county where the offence is committed, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall for every offence forfeit the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by on forfeiture distress and sale of the offender's goods, by warrant under the of ios. hand and seal of such alderman, or justice or justices of the peace, rendring the overplus to the owner; one moiety of the said forfeiture to be to the informer, and the other moiety to be to the use of the poor of the parish or place where such offence is committed; and in default of payment of the said forfeiture In default of the person or persons so offending, to be font by such alderman, P*y™*"**0 bc or justice or justices of the peace, to the house of correction, house of cor-there to be kept to hard labour for the space of three days. rection for

IX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall three days, extend to deprive or take away from the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London and governors of Chriffs Hospital, any power or authority they have to punish any the offences aforesaid, which shall be committed by any persons using or driv* This ^ ing any cart-, dray, carr or waggon, within the city of London* not take away and arty of the offenders therein, in such sort and manner as the power of they now1 usually do, such offender not having been before pu* Jhe mayor of nished for the said offence by virtue of this act. ondon,

'Anno Regni GEORGII I. Regis Magna

Britannia, Francia & Hibernia^ tertio*

AT the parliament begun and /widen at Westminster, tbt

Seventeenth day of March, Anno Domini one -fond seven hundred and fourteen, in t

of our Jbvereign Lord George by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the ,

&c. and from thence continued by several prorogations to the twentieth day of February one thousand seven hundred and Sixteen\ (a) being the second session of this present

Hunt and further

continued by adjournments till the 15th day of July in the third year of his Majesty's reign.

CAP. I.

Aa a ft to enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit or re drain commerce with Sweden* EXP.

¥2

CAP.

324 Anno tertio GEoAGfi I. c. 2,3,4i [171&

CAP. II,

An act for pUnifbing mutiny and desertion, and for the bett# payment of the army and their quarters.

Penalties a- L. AND whereas by an act of the first year of his Majestfs reign, gainst the ad il intituled, An act for the more effectual an4 exemplary x Geo. x. flat, punishment of such persons as shall seduce soldiers to desert, or to befued^for! being PaP*fts, shall inlift themselves in his Majesty's service in

* Great Britain or Ireland, or in the iftands of Guernsey or Jerfej \ it is enacted\ That any person or persons whatsoever, who should dire ft ly or indirectly persuade or procure, or endeavour to perfuaie or procure any soldier or Joldiers, in the service of his Majesty, or of his heirs or successors, to desert, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, Jbctdd forfeit the firm of forty pounds: now be it enacted, That for such offences as mail be committed against the said recited act, within that part of Great Britain called England, the penalties thereby enacted shall be sued for and recoverable in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and for such offences against the said act, as shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the fame shall be sued for and recoverable in his Majesty's court of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such offences ag^haft the dud ad, as shall be committed in Ireland, the fame mall and may be sued for and recoverable in any of the four courts at Dublin \ any thing in the said recited act to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

cap.-m.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax in Greta Britain, for the fervioe of the year one thousand (even hundred and seventeen.

: 3*. in the pound. EXP. „ . *

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and ! perry, for the service of the year one thousand feyetf hundred and seventeen; and to authorize. allowances, to be

made to certain receivers ; and to obviate a doubt concerning goods imported from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey,

. Sark, and Alderney , and to ascertain the duties upon Sheep Jkins and lamb Jkins, and to prevent frauds in the duties upon Jlarch; and for making forth duplicates of Ex-chequer-bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lojl, burnt or defrayed, and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lotteries \ and for preventing frauds in the duties on low wines and spirits carried coastwise.

For the applica- III. AND whereas it has been thought necessary heretofore, for tint of them- /V the service of the publish, That the lord treasurer, or com-ffMartis*3, miffoners of the trcafwy for the time being, should make allowances Vide infra, c.7. to several receivers general of land taxes and duties on houses and fed. 41. marriages, for their extraordinary charges in bringing up the money,

over

*7*6.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 4.

over and above the poundage allowable by the respective acts of parliament for the said taxes and duties, upon reports made to them by the proper officers for that purpose, but by reason the monies out of which such allowances were usually paid are now appropriated, many have incurred the penalty of paying ten pounds per centum per annum in-, terejl, by virtue of the act for laying duties on malt, and other things, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred andfix teen, without any regard bad to such allowances* whereby divers receivers are rendered incapable of puffing their accounts: for redress whereof, be it further epadted by the authority aforesaid, That the lords commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the lord high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, are hereby impower-jed to cause such sums of money as he or they, upon due consideratiftn of such reports made or to be made by the proper offers for that purpose, (halt judge to be just and reasonable, to be paid or allowed, from time to time, to such perfens as have been, {are or shall be receivers, their sureties, executors, admi-niftratars/ or atiigns respectively, out of the arrears remaining in their lufpedhve hands, without charging any of them with interest, -after the rate of ten pounds per centum, for so much as such allowances shall amount.unto; and the several auditors are hereby?required to allow the fame, on passing their respective accounts, upon such warrant or warrants as shall be (igned by any ihtee or more of the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury^ or the lord high treasurer for the time being.

IV. And whereas some receivers of such taxes and duties, as ar foresaid, their executors, admnifirators, or sureties, to avoid the extreme rigour of the law, and the said penalty inflicted by the said iafi mentioned act, have, with great difficulties, raised monies and cleared their accounts, though the jujl allowances for their extraordinary charges have not been made to them: be it therefore enacted, That so much as the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being^ shall jbdge reasonable upon such report or reports, as aforesaid, to be allowed to such receivers as have already cleared their ac-cblttite, shall and may be paid to them respetftively out of any a{Tears>of any land-tax or land-taxes which are or may be recovered and brought into the Exchequer, and shall there remain after.all loans registred thereupon, and the inrereft thereof shall be satisfied or transferred for satisfaction j any other law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas the inhabitants of the islands 0/Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, and Alderney, have always been permitted and allowed to import into England, any goods, wares, and merchandizes. of the growth, produce, or manufacture of those respective ifies, upon certificates from the respective governors* lieutenant or deputy governors, or commanders in chief for the time being, and oaths before the mb* gifirates of the said islands of Jersey and Guernsey respectively* that the fame were of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the said ifiarfds, or either of then}, without paying any custonts, subsidies»

Y3 ‘ or

3*5

x Geo. 1. flat. 1. c. 36. f. 4.

Treasury to inak *uliotv-ances to receivers for exr traordinary charges,

without charging them with 1 of. per cent, interest,

and to such |i have already cleared their accounts.

326 Anno tertio. Georgii I. c.4. [1716,

or duties for or in respeSl thereof: and whereas some doubt bath of late arisen, whether, according to some late laws now in force, tit fame may be fill continued: now for removing the said doubt, and encouraging the said inhabitants to continue that steady and firm loyalty and fidelity to the crown of Great Britain, which they have formerly and constantly shewn to the crown of England, and for their better support; be it declared and enacted by Goods of the the authority aforesaid, That the said inhabitants shall and may YerfeUCe&c tQ (with and under such certificates and oaths, as aforesaid) import imported °*nto any lawful port of Great Britain, any goods, wares, and duty free. merchandizes of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the ^5 Geo. t. said islands, or either of them, without paying any customs, ^a/f im^rted ^b^ies or duties, for or in respect thereof (except such excise jromwefi * or ot^er duty as is now, or shall hereafter, for the time being, tjkutds/ball be due and payable for the like goods of the growth, produce

fay as other and manufacture of Great Britain); any law or statute to the foreign salt. contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Bonds and fc- VI. And whereas upon the aforesaid doubt, whether the goods, curities dif- wares, and merchandizes of the growth, produce, and manufacture charged $ ^ iJJands might fill be imported into Great Britain custom-

free, frjeral bonds with securities have been lately taken for onfwer-ing the duties demanded for the fame, unless discharged from the said duties by act of parliament, the said bonds are hereby declared 1 null and void, and the said securities discharged from all prose-cutions for the fame.

But foreign VII. Provided always, and it is hereby dec! ired and enacted goods, &c. toby the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained, pay duty. shall exempt, of be conltrued to exempt, any goods or commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture of any foreign nation or country, which may lawfully be imported into the said islands, or such foreign goods or commodities as shall or may be in part or fully manufactured in the said islands by the people thereof, from payment of such customs, duties, or other impositions on the importation of the fame, from any of the said islands into Great Britain, as are or shall be due and payable for goods and commodities of the like kinds imported into Great Britain, from such foreign nation or country of which the said goods are of the growth, product, or manufacture j any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sheep skins XIII. And whereas some doubts have arisen upon certain chafes in and lamb skins tfa fW0 acts 0fi the ninth and tenth years of Queen Anne, for the laying certain duties upon hides and /kins, whether /keep jkins and \ per pound. itsmb fltins, being first dipped and fieeped in the tanner's wooze made

9 Ann. c. n. of the bark of trees or Jbomack, and afterwards tawed and dre/fedin

10 Ann. c.a6. allow and salt, or meal, should be charged with the duty of fix far-

things or five farthings for evety pound weight thereof: it is hereby enacted and declared. That all (beep skins anJlamb skins tawed and dressed, or made into leather, or which shall hereafter be tawed and dressed, or made into leather, in allom and salt, or meal, shall be rated and liable to pay five farthings only for every pound weight averdupoize,.and so proportionably for every greater

or

1716.] Anno tertjo Georgii I. c. 4. 327

or teller quantity, although such sheep Ikins and lamb skins To tawed and drefted, or made into leather, in allom and salt, or meal, may have been or shall be dipped or steeped in the tanner's wooze made of bark of trees or (homack before such tawing or drefiing as aforesaid ; any thing in the said acts or in any other act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XIV. And whereas Jiarch made beyond the seas9 and imported into After May this kingdom, is by law subject to the payment of custom and other 1717, all hair-duties, andJiarch made in this kingdom is made liable to the payment powder im-af several duties by way of excise, to evade the payment whereof several considerable quantities of jiarch ground into powder have of late ftarct, % ” been fraudulently imported from parts beyond the jeas, under the de?io-mination of hair-powder, to the great prejudice of the revenue and the ruin of the /larch-makers of this kingdom j and such powder being not liable to pay on the importation thereof much above one twentieth part of the custom and duties which Jiarch is liable unto: for preventing whereof for the future, be it declared by the authority aforesaid, That all hair-powder made of starch, or or her powder that will serve for the fame uses as starch, shall, on he importation thereof, after the twenty seventh day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, be subject and liable to the lame or the like several and respective duties, as foreign starch on the importation thereof is liable unto; and such powder so to be imported shall be entitled to the like drawback upon exportation, and be collected or levied with such allowances, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as is directed and prescribed by the laws now in force relating to the collection of his Majesty's customs and other duties upon starch.

XVII. And whereas several persons who privately brew, mate da life for p.e-end dijlil great quantities of low wines and spirits, of which no en- ycns;ns;*:^u.< tries are made with the proper officers of excise of the respective divi- m lJjcf ,4ir \ fans and places where the same are so brewed, made or dijlilled9 nor any duties paid for the fame, do privately convey the fame on board earned coait-ships or other vessels in several ports of this kingdom, and carry the wife. fame coaflwife to other parts of this kingdom, and there Jell the fame, whereby his Majesty is very much defrauded in his duties on the said commodities, and the fair dealers in the said commodities very much prejudiced in their trade j for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventeen all low wines or spirits, which shall be brought by sea coastwise from any port or place in this kingdom to any other port or place in this kingdom, without a certificate from the proper officer of ex* cife of the respective divilions and places where the fame were brewed, made or distilled, that the duty of such low wines or spirits so brewed, made or distilled, hath been paid (whichcertificate shall be given on demand without fee or reward) shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any of the officers of the customs or excise of the port or place where the lame shall be fp brought in the said forfeiture to be sued for,

recovered.

3*$ Anno tertio Georgii I. c.5. [1716.

recovered, determined and mitigated by the fame ways,, means and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, determined and mitigated by any of the laws of excise, and to be distributed, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons that ihaJl sue or inform for the fame.

CAP. V.

An act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or sold within the city of Edinburgh and privileges thereof for the benefit of the said city, and for discontinuing the payment of the dues com-pionly called the petty-port customs at Edinburgh, during the continuance of this act.

rhh an ex- \\f H E R E A S the city of Edinburgh, by being the metropolis

plained iy VV and fiat of the government of Scotland, was subject to all

iGco.a.ltat.*. vicijfitudes and changes of the fate, and particularly has, ever ^Continued by ftnce reformation, been remarkably zealous in supporting and de-9 Geo. 1. c 14. fending the protcjlant interest, and thereby involved in great debts above what the common revnme of the town could difiharge\ therefore their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, with cenfint of the estates of parliament, by an act passed in the parliament of Scotland on the thirteenth of June one thousand six hundred and ninety three years, did give and grant to the said town of Edinburgh and See *6 Geo. 1. community thereof, and to the magi ft rates and town council of the fame, c* 36* and their successors in office, for their ufi and behoof, the impofttion of

two pennies Scots, (over and above the King's annexed excise end additional excise imposed in that fifiion of parliament) upon the pint of j all ale and beer, either brewed, or brought in, or vended, tapped and 1 fold within the said town and suburbs, and liberties thereof', viz. Canongate, South and North Leiths, Westport, Potteraw and Pleafants, and the other pertinents, to be paid to the said town and magistrates, and council thereof, by the brewers, vintners, fillers or tapfters of the said ale or beer, during the space of fifteen years and further, not exceeding the space of thirty years, beginning from the first day of July one thousand six hundred and ninety three, atid to be paid, uplifted and gathered weekly, monthly and quarterly, or other ways, as the magistrates and town-council flmld think fit to preferibe and order \ excepting only from the said act all such ale and beer as should be brewed in the country without the liberties of the burgh by beretors on their own lands, and brought in by them (they inhabiting for the time within the town) to be consumed for the ufi of themfihes and their families only; and a)so excepting all ale and beer vended within the precincts of Holy-Rood House and castle of Edinburgh from the said impofttion: and whereas ftnce the union of the two kingdoms, there hath been a gradual decrcafi of the revenue of the said town, and there are fivera I public k works (which of late years htrjt been much neglected) necessary to be carried on and done for the fir-vice of the said town, which will cost a very considerahU sum of money, and the said town is much in debt {pari of which was occcfionei

329

171$.] Ajnno tertio Georgii 1. G. 5.

by the late rebellion) and the said debts will, at the expiration of the said act, be so much increased, that the money arising by the said imposition will fall very Short of discharging of the fame : and whereas it is necessary to enlarge the harbour of L^eith and deepen the channel thereof and also to build and endow two new churches, and make provision for the poor of the said town, which are now become very numerous: wherefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the provost, magistrates and council of the city of Edinburgh, in behalf of themselves and the community of the said city, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted : and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, The rates and by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and duties impof-temporal, and commons, in thisprcfent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That such and the like rates j“nc and duties, and impolition by the act aforesaid, laid, granted 1693', upon 9 and imposed upon ale and beer brewed, brought in, vended, ale, &c. fold Upped and sold as aforesaid, within the said town of Edinburgh J" Edinburgh, and suburbs and liberties thereof, (except as in the said act* is for'j^years, excepted) shall, from and after the expiration of the term by the after the ex-said act granted, be further continued, raised, levied, collected, piration of the paid and made payable to the provost, magistrates and council granted of the said city of Edinburgh for the time being, and their fuc-

cessors, for the use and behoof of the said town, for and during raised, &c.un-the full terra of nineteen years, and by the fame means and me- der the fame thods, and by and under such rules and directions, and with penalties, bcc, such exceptions, and under the fame penalties and forfeitures and powers, as are prescribed, mentioned and expressed in the act aforesaid; and that the said act, and every article, rule, clause, matter and thing therein contained, shall be of full force and effect to all intents and purposes, for railing, collecting, securing, disposing, accounting for and levying the fame, during the said term of nineteen years, as fully as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated and re*enacted in the body of this present act.

II. And whereas by the said in part recited act of the parliament of Scotland; two of the lords of fession, with two of the parliament-men for the shires of Edinburgh and Haddingtown, were to overlook and controul the management of the monies arising by the said act: now for the better attaining the ends hereafter mentioned, be Overseers ap-it further enacted. That the lords of session shall, and they are pointed to hereby authorized to nominate and appoint two of their own o^l00^ and number, and the barons of the Exchequer one of their num- moides arising ber, the (heriffs of,the shires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow and Had- by this act, * dingtown are hereby authorized and required to summon the heretors and freehofders of the respective shires to meet annually, to the end that each shire may elect and choose two of their number; the first of which elections by the lords of session, barons of Exchequer, and by the heretors and freeholders of the

shires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow and Haddingtown, shall be made on the fixiiTuefdajoi November one thousand seven hundred and (Seventeen, and annually on the second Tuesday of June thereafter; and the persons so elected and chosen, together with the reprq-

fentatives

S3 o

who may pro Jccure any persons for mismanage-ment.

Times when they shall tneet.

Hare power tc adjourn them-itlves.

The magistrates of E-dinburgh to lay before them an account o»' the debts of the for. .1.

The fj. erfeers impowered to make rules, by-laws. See.

The magi-(hares, &c. of Edinburgh may assign the duties as a security for money borrowed.

How the said money shall be applied.

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. [1716.

fentatives In parliament for the time being for the said shires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow and Haddingtowny are hereby impowered and authorized to overlook and controul the management of the monies to arise by this act, to aid and concur in the several cases after mentioned: and in case they shall find any mismanagement or misapplication of the monies arising or to arise by this act, or any other abuse or mismanagement of or concerning the fame, they the said overseers, or any two or more of them, may sue and prosecute the magistrates or others concerned in the abuse or mismanagement for redress and reparation, in the terms and under the penalties contained in the aforesaid act of the parliament of Scotland; and the first meeting of the said overseers (if not sooner called together at the request of the magistrate of Edinburgh) shall be at the town-council chamber at Edinburgh, upon the second Tuesday of November one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and they shall have power to adjourn them-i selves from time to time, and one anniversary meeting shall be , had upon the third Tuesday of July yearly, for one year longer than the continuance of this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That at the first meeting of the said overseers the magistrates of Edinburgh shall lay before the said overseers, or any tiiree or more of them, an account of all the debts of the town, other than those debts provided for, and to be discharged by the duty arising by the former act of parliament, as they stand on the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, to be entred m a book to be kept for that purpose; and at the said first meeting of the overseers, or any other subsequent meeting, they the said overseers, or any three or more of them, are hereby impowered and authorized to make and settle such rules, directions and by-laws, for the better management of all the different matters and things hereafter mentioned, and for controuling the fame, as to them shall appear to be necessary, confident with this act and the laws of Scotland.

IV. And for as much as the duty by this act granted will not at present raise such a flock or sum of money as may be Sufficient for the purposes in this act contained: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the magistrates and council of Edinburgh, by any writing under their hands and seals, to assign over the duty hereby granted, or any part thereof, for any term for which the fame is hereby granted, or any part of the said term, as a security for any sum or sums of money by them to be borrowed for the purposes in this act mentioned, and none other; which said monies so borrowed, and also what shall arise by the said duty, shall be applied and disposed of to the uses following, viz. for renewing the water- j pipes and helping the conduits which carry water to the town; i for enlarging the harbour and deepning the channel of Leith \ for building a new key at Leith \ for settling an annual fund of three hundred pounds per annum, towards employing and maintaining the poor of Edinburgh and adjacent counties, which shall commence and grow due after the first day oijuly one thousand

seven

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 5« 331

seven hundred and eighteen ; for settling p salary upon the pro-feffor of law in the university of Edinburgh, and his successors in office, not exceeding one hundred pounds per annum, to commence and grow due from and after the eleventh day of No~ vember one thousand seven hundred and seven teen ; for rebuilding the city walls, and caufwaying the highways leading to the city; and for building two new churches and settling stipends for the ministers; ana in aid of the deficiency of the present ordinary revenue of the town, a sum not exceeding four hundred and fifty two pounds annually: and the said magistrates Themagi-shall, and they are hereby required to lay before the overseers an lay

account of all the debts contracted upon account or by reason o^fece„ of any the matters and things aforesaid, together with the agree- account of all ments, covenants and accounts relating thereunto; which said debts con-account of debts shall be fairly entred in a book to be kept for traded, that purpose, and an entry shall be made yearly and every year, till the purposes in this act are completed and latistied 5 and on the third Tuefdayoi July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty four, a full and perfect {late of all the debts incurred and then grown due to the first: day of July in the said year, shall be made up, and out of the monies arising by the said imposition hereby continued, the interest of the debt then due from the said town shall be paid, and all the annual payments before-mentioned, together with two thousand marks Scots to two French ministers, and what shall remain shall be applied for paying off part of the capital debt, and so be applied yearly till all the capital debt due and unsatisfied before the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, is paid off and discharged $ and if any more monies shall arise by the imposition hereby continued, t han shall be found necessary to pay off the debts aforesaid, and discharge the annual payments aforesaid, that such overplus shall Overplus, how be laid but and appliea for carrying on such publick works as to be applied, shall be found necessary for the service of the said town, as the fame shall be settled and agreed to by the magistrates and ma-

{"ority of the overseers for the time being : which overseers shall >e summoned by the magistrates, or any three or more of them, to be present at all agreements relating to afiignments or farms made of the said imposition of two penny Scots on the pint of all ale and beer Scots measure by this aeft continued.

V. Provided, That from and after the first day of July, which Proviso, that shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and raa5j‘1| twenty three, it shall not be in the power of the magistrates, and they are hereby restrained from borrowing any monies, so as to any money increase the debt of the said town, during the term for which after July it this imposition is granted, for or upon any reason or purpose *7a3* whatsoever, unless it shall be with the consent and approbation of the majority of the overseers hereby appointed, which consent shall be first had under their hands, or under the hands of three or more of them.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That of the P00*

number of poor to be employed and maintained out of the year-

332

their vacancies supplied.

Annual payments dull continue till July 1, J74»-

Theimpofi-tion.to fee raised, &c. as his Majesty's excise.

The commis-fionert shall al low the raazi-strates to take out copies of the charges.

How the imposition shall be ascertain'dj

/Ifter July xv 1713, ail per-

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 5. [1716.

lv fund of three hundred pounds intended for that purpose, one fourth part of that number shall be presented, and their casual vacancies supplied by the representatives in parliament and two heretors elected by the freeholders of the /hire of Edinburgh; and another fourth part of the number of poor to be employed and maintained as aforesaid shall be presented, and their vacancies supplied by the representative in parliament and two here-tors elected by the freeholders of Haddingtown shire.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the annual payments with which the town is charged by this act, shall continue and endure only till the first day of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and forty two, and no longer; any thing in this act or any other act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And for the further explaining the powers granted to the said magistrates of Edinburgh for their uplifting and levying the said imposition within the town of Edinburgh and privileges thereof; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said imposition be raised, levied, colleftea and paid in the lame way and manner as his Majesty's excise is raised and levied, and the charges made by the officers of his Majesty's excise for uplifting and collecting shall be the rule for uplifting and collecting the said imposition; and the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being are hereby authorised and directed to allow the said magistrates or their collectors to take out true and exact copies of the said charges given up by the officers of excise upon the said brewers liable in payment of the said imposition; the said magistrates and town-council being always obliged to discount and allow to the brewers the fame deductions and allowances which are granted to the brewers by the commissioners of excise.

IX. And whereas there have been sundry debates and diJJSaekies crifen betwixt the magistrates, their farmers, assignees and coOeftors9 and the brewers, fence gauging took place in Scotland, in relation t§ the method of collecting the said imposition now payable by the brewers, by virtue of the aforesaid act passed in the parliament of Scotland j for preventing whereof, and further explaining of the said powers, and for avoiding of oaths, and keeping a just equality amongstthe brewers, and preventing their being overcharged in railing and levying the said imposition, for the term yet to come by the said act pa(Tcd in Scotland imposed ; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, the said imposition

9 shall be ascertained, levied and collected, conform to the charges to be given by the officers of excise, upon the brewers liable in payment thereof; and the commissioners of excise in Scotland are hereby authorized and directed to allow copies thereof to the said magistrates, or their assignees, they giving the fame deductions and allowances to the brewers as are granted to them by the (:\}d commissioners of excise.

X. Provided nevertheless, That from and after the first day of July poe thousand seven hundred and twenty three, all perr

foqs

I?I

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 6, 7.

ions living ill the adjacent counties, or elsewhere, who are not comprehended in nor subjeded by this act to the aforesaid imposition of two penny Scots on the Scots pint of ale and beer, may import their ale and beer to the said city of Edinburgh, or to any place within the privileges of the said city, they paying the said duty for dll the ale and beer so imported only, at such time or times, and in such place or places, as the brewers living within the said town or privileges thereof are used and accustomed to pay the fame, subject to the penalties mentioned in the said act hereby continued, in case of neglecting at refusing to pay the said imposition.

XL And whereas it will be for the case of all such persons as live in- the neighbourhood of and have commerce with Edinburgh, that they /bould, during the continuance of this act, be freed from and eased of certain dues, paid and commonly known by the name of petty-port custords payable at the ports of the city of Edinburgh: be it further ^flatted, That from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, the said dues and petty custortis shall be discontinued and cease, during the continuance of this present act, and.no longer: any thing in this act or any other act of parliament* or any usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding*

333-

ion« may import their ale and beer into Edinburgh, paying the duty. Rtpealed by 9 Geo. 1. c. 14. felt. *9-

After the said 1 ft of July petty customs shall cease.

1 Geo. s.c.ia#

CAP. Vt

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Continued by sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold ioGeo.2. c.74 within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there.

After July i* 1717. twopennies Scots shall be laid On every Scots pint of aie and beer, brewed, kc. in Dumfries. Provost, See. of Dumfries ap. pointed trustees for the purposes in this act. Trustees may convey the duty as a security for money borrowed. Ale and beer not paying the duty, shall be confiscated. Differences to be determined by the king's gauge. Trustees may farm the duty.

CAP. VII.

Act aft f‘orredeeming the yearly fund of the South-Sea com-

patty (being after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum,) and settling on the said company a yearly fund after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum deemable by parliament j and to raif an annuity or an-

nuities at five pounds per centum per annum, sum not exceeding two millions, to be employed in the

national debts and incumbrances ; and for making the said new yearly fund and annuities to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed.

I T\/T O S T gracious Sovereign, whereas the capital stock

1V1 the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and far cn- j.

couraging the^flseryt beingodjufitd and Jtcled to fevtfal

334

Anno tertio GeoRqii I. c.

7- t»7««*

dels of parliament in that behalf doth amount to the sum of ten millions \j end in respect thereof a yearly fund of six hundred thousand pounds bath been and is payable to the said governor and company after the rate offix pounds per centum per annum, besides a yearly sum of eight thousand pounds for or towards the charges of the said governor and cwtpany for management, fubjcci nevertheless to a provife t Geo. i, flat, contained in one act of parliament of the first year of your fbfajefly's e. i*. reign, intituled, An act for enlarging the capital stock and yearly

fund of the South-Sea company* and for supplying thereby eight ' hundred twenty two thousand thirty two pounds four millings

and eight pence to publick uses ; and for railing one hundred sixty nine thousand pounds for the like uses, by sale of annuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several supplies granted to his Majesty, whereby the f aid yearly Jams of six hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds were redeemable upon one year s notice, which was to be given after the twenty fifth day <?/December one thousand from hundred and sixteen, and upon payment as well of the find sum of ten millions, as ofall arrears of the said yearly sums, in such manner and form as in the said proviso of redemption are prescribed: and whereas the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain are willing and contented, in regard the common rate of intereji for money is very much kjjined under your Majesty's most aujpicicus government, to accept from and after the feast of tie nativity of Saint John Bap-till one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, one annuity or yearly fund of five hundred thousand pounds, beiuf after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for the said ten millions, together with the said yearly Jum of eight thousand pounds to be continued to them for management, so as they may be satisfied the said yearly sums of six hundred thousand pounds and eight thousand pounds, until and for the quarter to end at the said fcajl of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand[even hundred and eighteen , and Jo as the future payments of the said yearly sums offive hundred thousand pounds, and eight theufand pounds, may be fuured to them from the said feast day, until the redemption ther eof, according to the tenor and true meaning of this prejent act: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjetts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to case the present burden of debts and incumbrances, and in due time the heavy taxes lying upon this kingdom, so far as is confident with honour, justiceand equity, South Sea ^o mo^ beseech; our Majesty that it may be enacted; and

company robe ^11 enacted by the King's moil excellent majesty, by and with paid in the fit ft the advice and coufcnt of the lords spiritual and temporal and place, all mo- commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by authority mes due or to Qf tjlc fame y]lal t]lc faij governor and company of merchants of

prow due on .. p . . _ r j

Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery, or their successors, shall be fully satistied, contented and paid in the first place, all such monies as are due and unpaid, or at any time or times on or before the fakl feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist on# thousand seven hundred and eighteen inclusively, shall grawdoj

grow due on 24. June 171*1 on the yearly fund of 600, Qool. and Soool.

335

iyi6!\ Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 7.

and remain unpaid, or be in arrear to them, for or upon the said yearly fund of six hundred thousand pounds, and the faiA yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, and either of them, out of the several revenues charged therewith, or byfuch other ways and means as by any former alt or acts of parliament are provided or prescribed in that behalf.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That from and after the said And after-feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven wards the hundred and eighteen, all payments or or upon the said yearly *oo>ooo\. per fund of six hundred thousand pounds, which from thenceforth ° should or might grow due or payable, shall cease and determine.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Company to

That the said governor and company of merchants of Great have the year-Britain, and their successors, (subjelt nevertheless to the pro- ana

viso of redemption hereafter in this act contained in this behalf, |ooo 1. out of and none other) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled the duties by force and virtue of this act, to have, receive and enjoy the 9 Ann. c. 11. said yearly fund or sum of five hundred thousand pounds, and

the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, which annual or yearly sums (nail be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of all and every the duties, impositions, additional impositions and revenues, and all proportional parte of them, or any of them whatsoever9 which by an act made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anni^"intituled, An act for making good deficiencies, and Jatisfying the publick debts \ and for erecting a corporation to carry on a trade to the South-Seas, and for the encouragement of the fishery \ and for liberty to trade in unwrought iron with the fuf>jcfts of Spain 5 and to repeal the acts for registring of seamen, dr by any other alt or acts of parliament, or any clause or clauses contained in any alt or acts of parliament now in force were charged or chargeable with the said former yearly fund of six hundred thousand pounds, and the said former yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, and either of them, or any part thereof; and shall be paid and payable to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their successors for ever, at the fourmoft usual feasts or days of payment in the year, that is to say, the feast of Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of our Payable quar-Lord Christ, the annunciation of the blessed Virgin Afcry9 and tcrfy« the nativity of Saint "John Baptist, by eVen and equal portions; the first payrrftftt thereof to be made at the feast of Saint Michael First payment the arctiangtf l(f the year of our Lord one thousand seven hun- at Mxch. 171a. dred and eighteen; and that all the payments thereof shall be made out or the duties, impositions, additional impositions, revenues and proportional parts before-mentioned, with preference to all payments hereafter to be charged thereupon (the monies of the said yearly fund of six hundred thousand pounds, and of the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, which arfc or shall be due or in arrear at or before the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, always excepted and foreprized),

Za IV. A*.

33$ Anno ratio Georgii L c. f. [1716.

IV. And whereas the said governor and company of Merchants ef Great Britain, to manifest their zeal for the publick service, by furnijbing money towards lessening the said national debts and inatm* trances, have proposed to advance to his Majesty any further Jitm or (urns of money, not exceeding two millions, at such times and by such proportions at a time, as the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now beings or the bigb-trea/urer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall call for the fame, to be employedfor or towards the discharging or lessening the said national debts and incumbrances; so as such caus do not exceed in the whole the sum of two millions, and be au made on or before the twenty fourth day ^/'December one thousand seven bun-4red and seventeen; and so as the said governor and company of merchants oj Great Britain be'not required at any one time to advance more than one fourth part of the said sum, and have fourteen days time at least for advancing each part of the fame, which shall be called for \ Jo as that for every sum so to be advancedfor or upon account f................. of the said sum not exceeding two millions, the said governor and com-

pany of merchants of Great Britain may have an annuity or sum after the rate offive pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the time or respective times of advancing the fame, and to continue until the redemption of such annuity or annuities, according to the tenor of this prejent all in that behalf: now his Majesty's said dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parlia-. ment assembled, in further prosecution of their desires to have the national debts and incumbrances lessened, do further hum* South-Sea bly beseech his Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it en-company to acted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and theExchequer comPany of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceilbrs, such fumi as shall, and they are hereby enjoined and required to advance the treasury and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be em-shall call for, ployed for the purposes aforesaid, such sum and sums of money, »^Xooo|ing not exceec*ing in the whole the sum of two millions, at such before 14Dec. times and by such proportions at a time, as the commissioners 1717. of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the

5 Geo. 1. c. 3. high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall, by any writing or writings under his or their hands, to be delivered at the publick office of No call at one the said governor and company in London, call for and require; time for more so as all such calls be made on or before the twenty fourth day of rt December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and so as mud 1 todays 'hey be not required at any one time to advance more than one .notice. fourth part of the said sum, and have fourteen days time between each payment, and after the delivery of every such writing for Company not advancing of every such part aS aforesaid; and in case the said paying maybe governor and compahv of merchants of Great Britain shall make iued. failure in any the said payments of monies so to be advanced,

the money whereof such failure in payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered in his Majesty's name for the uses and pur-r poses aforesaid, by action of debt or upon the case, bill, suit or in* formation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westmin

2 fierp

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 7/ 337

fiery wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; in which action, bill, suit or information it shall be lawful to declare, That the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain are indebted to his Majesty the monies whereof they shall have made default in payment, according to the form ot this statute, and have not paid the fame, which shall be fufticient; and in and upon such action, suit, bill or information there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's use, against the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, damages after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum for the monies so unpaid contrary to this act, besides full costs of suit; and the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain and their successors, and their capital (locks and funds, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto,

V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Company to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, have 5I. per and their successors, for every sum which they shall advance for *jV

or in part of the said sum ot two millions, (nail have, receive advance. * and enjoy, and be entitled, by force and virtue of this act, to have, receive and enjoy an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for ever, subject nevertheless to the proviso of redemption herein after contained in that behalf; and that every such annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per an-num for the ntoney so to be advanced, shall be charged upon, . »

and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the monies which shall, from time to time, arise by the aforesaid duties, impositions, additional impositions and revenues, and all proportional parts of them, and every or any of them, over and above (b much as shall be sufficient to pay off and satisfy all the monies which shall at any time or times be grown due and incurred for or upon the said yearly sums of six hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, until and for the quarter which shall end upon the fead-day of the nativity of Saint John Baptifi one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and from thenceforth for or upon the said yearly fund of five hundred thousand pounds, and for and upon the said yearly sum of. eight thousand pounds, and either of them ; and that such annuity or annuitibs for such monies so to be advanced shall be paid and payable to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain and their luccefibrs, in manner following, that is to say, the first payment or payments of such new annuity or Times of pay. annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per armumy ment. * shall be computed by the day, and satisfied from the day or re-fpedHve days on which the said two millions, or any part or parts thereof, shall be advanced as aforesaid, until the quarterly feast-day or respective quarterly feast-days then next ensuing; and from thenceforth the fame new annuity or annuities of five pounds per centum per annum shall be paid and payable at the four most usual feasts or days of payment in the year before-mentioned by even and equal portions.

Z 3 VI. And .

33«

All the annual sums and arrearages, and the capital stock, to be free from taxes.

Capital flock, Ac. a personal estate.

and not liable 'to foreign attachments.

No member disabled from serving in parliament, or liable to bankruptcy.

Standing orders to be made rorthfor fhefe annuities.

Anno tertio Georgii I: c. 7. , [1716.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as well the said annual fund of five hundred thousand pounds, and the said annual sum of eight thousand pounds, and the said annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, payable for the fame two millions, or so much thereof as shall be advanced and paid by this act as aforesaid, as also all arrearages of the said yearly fund of six hundred thousand pounds, and of the said annual sum of eight thousand pounds, and every of them, and the capital stock or (locks winch the said governor and company have or are to have in respe^l thereof, and such additional (lock in money as they shall call in from their members for carrying on their trade, shall be at all times hereafter freed and exempt from all taxes, charges and publick'impositions whatsoever, charged or to be charged thereupon by authority of parliament or otherwise ; any law or statute made or to be made to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority afofefaid. That the said capital stock of ten millions, and so much as i6 due or shall grow due for or upon the said yearly sum of six hundred thousand pounds, to be paid until and for the quarter to end at the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen j and the said yearly sums of five hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, to be continued as aforesaid; and the said two millions, or such part thereof as dial] be advanced, and the said annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy payable or to be paid for the fame to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their successors, and the share and interest of each and every particular member of and in the said capital docks and funds, and every of them, shall be, and be adjudged, taken and accepted in constru6lion of law and in all courts of Jaw and equity whatsoever, to be a personal and not a real estate, and shall go to the executors or admmidrators of the person or persons dying possessed thereof, intereded therein or entitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of such person or persons; and shall not be liable to any foreign attachments by the cudom of the city of London or otherwise ; and that no governor, sub-governor, deputy-governor or member of the said company, by reason of his being a member of the said company, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, be now or at any time hereafter disabled from being or continuing, or from being ele<5ted or serving as a member of parliament; nor shall be or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt within the intent and meaning of all or any the datutes made against or concerning bankrupts; any law, cudom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And for the better and more regular payment of all the monies intended by this act to be paid to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their successors, (subje<5l nevertheless to such redemption as aforesaid) an order or orders shall be signed by the commissioners of the treafiiry, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treaiurt^ or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for

the

339

1716J] Anno tcrtb Georgii I. c. 7.

the time bang; and after signing thereof the fame shall be firm* good, valid and dfcctual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof* and of this act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any conmissioner or commissioners of the treasury or high treasurer for the tjme being* or by or upon the determination of the power, office and offices of them, or any of them, nor shall any commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer or under-treasurer for the time being, have power to revoke* countermand or make void such order or orders so signed as aforesaid.

IX. And for the more speedy payment of the monies which Orders to be shall be due or payable thereupon* it is hereby declared and en- made forth sted, That weekly or otherwise* as monies of the said duties, impositions, revenues and proportional parts* or any of them* #c ““ applicable to the payment of the said yearly funds, annuities or

sums of money, or any of them* payable to the said governor and company as afbrcttid* shall, from time to time, be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer for payment thereof, such monies shall and may be issued upon such order and orders for or towards discharging the said yearly funds, annuities and sums of money to grow due for or at the end of the quarter of the year in which such ifiues or payments shall be made, so as such weekly or other speedy payments do not exceed the sum of the quarterly payment which shall grow dQe for or at the end of such quarter respectively.

X. And for better securing to the said governor and compa- Former duties ny of merchants of Great Britain, and their successors, all the continued, payments intended to be made to them by virtue or in purfu-

ance of this act, it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid*

That all and every the rates* fuhfidies* impositions, additional impositions and other duties and revenues whatsoever* and all proportional parts of them* or any of them* which were applicable to the payment and (atisfafhon of the said yearly fund of six hundred thousand pounds* and the said former yearly sum of eight thousand pounds* during the continuance, thereof, are and shall be continued and be payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors* for ever* for satisfying and discharging as well the said yearly fond of six hundred thousand pounds, and the said former yearly sum of eight thousand pounds* and all arrearages of them, which are or shall be due at or before the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen as aforesaid, as also the said yearly fond of five hundred thousand pounds* and the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds hereafter to be paid, and all and every such new annuity and annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for the said sum of two (hillions, or so much thereof as shall be advanced upon this a ft, and every of them* in the order, manner and form before in this act prescribed in that behalf, and subject to such redemption as aforesaid, accord- to re- * ing to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and that tbedemption,and fame rates, subsidies* impositions and other duties* revenues to be rated as and proportional part* before-mentioned, and every of them, ^hc ™rmcf

34° Anno tertio GpoRQii I. c, 7. [1716.

shall be raised, levied, collelted and brought into the Exchequer in England for the fame purports, by and according to such rules, methods and directions, and with such drawbacks, repayments and allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures and durabilities, as are prescribed by any alt or acts of parliament now in force, or by any articles, clauses, matters or tilings therein contained or thereby referred unto for railing, levying, collecting or bringing in of the fame, as fully and effectually as if the fame alts, articles, clauses, matters and things, and every of them, were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present alt; and that all the monies which shall be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer of the said rates, subsidies, impositions, additional impositions and other duties and revenues, and all proportional parts of them, for the purposes aforesaid, shall be fairly and diftinltly entred and registred in one or more and to he en- book or books to be kept in the offices of the auditor of the reared in a book ceipt and clerk of the pells, severally for that purpose, to which Exchc* all persons concerned, at all fealpnable times, shall have free ac-^ r* cess without fee or charges

These duties XI. And it is hereby alio exalted. That all the monies of the appropriated said rates, subsidies, impositions and other duties and revenues #®T and propprtional parts of them, or apy of them, which shall or

W* ac. ought to be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer for the

(iurposes aforesaid, {except the necessary charges of railing, col-echng, levying, issuing, paying and accounting for the fame,

. and except such part thereof as by any former all of parliament js applicable to the repayment of loans dill remaining unfatisfi? cd, and to pay the interest of the fame) shall be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to apd for the payment and (atisfallion of the said yearly hind of six hundred thousand pounds, and of the said former yearly fujn of eight thousand pounds, due or to grow due at or before the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand feveji hundred and eighteen, and to and for the payment and satisfaltion of the said yearly fund of five hundred thousand pounds, from and after the laidfeaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and the said growing yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, and to and for *the payment of the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per anr vum % hereafter to be acquired by virtue of this all, and every of them, in their due method and Order before prescribed, according to the tenor and true meaning of this all, and without any fee or charge whatsoever to be paid by the said governor and company for the fame, or my part thereof, butiubjeil to such redemption as is herein after prescribed, and so none other use. Penalty on of- intent or purpofp whatsoever : and that the refpdlive officers of ficers of the the Exchequer, wl>o shall make any delay in issuing or paying vmingU&c. f*lc fame> or shall be guilty of diverting or misapplying any the the monies/ said monies contrary to this all, for any such offence shall be forejudged from their respeltive offices or places, and be rendred incapable to serve his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office or imployment of trust or profit whatsoever, apd shall ajfq

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 7. 341

be liable to pay double the value of any sum or sums of money 1 so delayed to be paid, or so diverted or misapplied as aforesaid, to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their successors \ to be recovered by action of debt, bill, suit or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminsterwherein no cffoin, protection or wager of law, or more shan one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Deficiency of That if at any time or times the produce of the said rates, sub- one quarter to tidies, impositions, duties and revenues and proportional parts ** fapp*^ of them, or any of them, hereby appropriated as aforesaid, shall

be so low or deficient, as that the money arising thereby at the tcr, x ** Exchequer shall not extend or be sufficient, according to this act, to pay and discharge, or to complete the payment at the end of any quarter of a year of all the money which shall be then due, as well for or upon the said yearly fund of five hundred thousand pounds, and the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, (betides any arrearages which shall be then due for or upon the said former yearly sums of six hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds) then and so often, and in every such case, the deficiency of any such quarter shall and may be Supplied out of the overplus monies of the said duties and revenues arising in any subsequent quarter; and in default thereof by the space of and in default half a year, then all and every such deficiency and deficiencies thereof for shall be (applied and made good, from time to time, by or out thentoybefup-of the general yearly fund by another act of this session of parli- plied out of the pment established or intended to be established for redeeming the general fund duties and revenue? now charged or chargeable in and by several lottery-acts of the ninth and tenth years of her said Jate Maje- ^ 9

fty's reign, and certain annual payments out of the hereditary 3Geo.i.c.7* excise in the said act of this session mentioned, or out of money 9 Ann* c* to be raised at the Exchequer for purchasing an annuity or an*- *°Ann. c.19. jiuities, after a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per an* num for every such deficiency ; which annuity or annuities shall, by virtue of tnis aft, be charged on the said general yearly fund, and be payable and transferable at the bank of England, as other annuities payable out of the said general yearly fund are intended by the said other act of this session to be payable and trans-ferrable, until the redemption thereof by parliament.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the pu- The

thority aforesaid. That the said sum of two millions, or so much s,000,0001, to thereof as shall be called for and be aftpally advanced and pai<) be applied to by the said governor and company into the receipt of the Exche- p^£toUhand quer in puruiapce of this act, shall be issued, applied and dispos- on the ed towards the paying off and discharging the principal monies four lottery-and interest after the rate of six pounds per (entfim per annum, funds, 9 « now payable by the said lottery-acts, towards redeeming the fe- the

veral duties and revenue? now chargeable therewith, and to- *nn * wards the redeeming of the said annual payments out of the hereditary excise, and to none other use, intent or purpose whatsoever ; and that all and every deficiency and deficiencies of the ah deficient said new annuity or aqnqkies, after {Ite rate of pounds per act of the mw

(fntum

34* Anno tcrrio Georgii L c.7. f 1716.

annuities to centum per annum, payable to the said governor and company by virtue of this act, shall be supplied and made good, from time nera? fund8*" to time, when and as often as any such deficiency or deficien-&c. 9 cies shall appear, out of the said general fund by the said other

3 Geo. 1. c. 7. ad of this leflion of parliament established or intended to be established as aforesaid, or out of the money to be raffed at the Exchequer for purchasing an annuity or annuities after a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum for every such deficiency; which annuity or annuities shall, by virtue of this act, be charged on the said genend yearly fund, and be payable and transferable at the bank of England, as other annuities payable out of the said general yearly fund are intended by the said other ad of this session to be payable and transferrable, until the redemption thereof by parliament.

The surplus of XIV. Provided alio, and it is hereby further enacted by the

the said duties authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times at the end of disposeable by any qUarter of a year (reckoning the quarters to end at the usual 5*0^. 1. feasts above-mentioned) there (nail be an excess or furphzs of c. 3/fed. 1." the monies brought into the Exchequer of the said rates, duties, impositions and revenues and proportional parts of them, or any of them, and such excess or surplus shall remain there, over and above the money then or before that time grown due, by or in pursuance of this act, for arrearages of the said yearly fund of six hundred thousand pounds, and of the said former yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, and for the said fund of five hun- I dred thousand pounds per annumy and the said growing annuity of eight thousand pounds per annum, and for the said new annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per cm* num, to be payable upon this act and every of them, then and so often, and in every such case, such excess or surplus shall, from time t6 time, attend the difposition of parliament, and be applied according to act or acts of parliament in that behalf, and not otherwise j any thing herein contained to the contrary not* withstanding.

Company may XV. And for better enabling the said governor and company call in money of merchants of Great Britain, and their luccessors, to raise mo-from their ney to be advanced for or in part of the said sum of two millions, members. or for carrying on their trade and other necessary occasions: it if hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain % and their luccessors from time to time, as they shall fee cause, to call in, or direct to be paid from and by their respective members for the time being, proportionally accord- ! ing to their respective interest in the capital stock or (locks which do or shall belong to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or by opening their books of subscrip* tion, or by granting annuities redeemable by the said governor and company, and their successors, or by any other method, ways and means as they shall think proper, to raise any sum or sums of money, as in a general court of the said governor and company shall be judged necessary, and ordered to be called in j and that all executors, adminiffanators, guardians and trustees

- flutt

343

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 7.

shall be indemnified in paying the money which shall be so called in ; and in case any such member or members shall refuse or Members not neglect to pay his, her or their share of the said money so call- their cd for, at the time or times appointed for that purpose, by no- p^y^av stop tice inserted in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal Ex- their divi- ‘ change in London, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said dends, &c. governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their successors, not only to flop the ihare, dividend, annuity and profits, which shall from time to time bedome payable to such member or members so neglecting or refusing, of the funds, stocks, annuities or profits of the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and to apply the fame from tifne to time for or towards payment of the share of the money so Called For, and which ougnt to have been paid by such member or members so neglecting or refusing, until the fame dial! be satis-fied, but also stop the transfers or assignments of the share of every such defaulter, and to charge such defaulter and defaulters with an interest after the rate.of ten pounds per centum per annum, for the money so by hin % her or them omitted to be paid, until the payment thereof 5 and that the share and (lock, shares and (locks of such defaulter and defaulters shall be liable to make good and answer the said monies so appointed to be paid, and the interest thereof as aforesaid ; and in case the principal and interest as aforesaid shall be unpaid by the space of three months, then the said governor and company of merchants of Great Bri~ tain, or their fuccefibrs, shall have power to fell so much of the docker stocks of such defaulter or defaulters as will satisfy and pay the fame, rendring the overplus to the proprietor, if any be 5 and the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or their successors, in a general court, from time to time, when they shall judge their affairs will admit thereof, shall or may cause any sum or sums of money which shall be so called in, or any part thereof, to be divided and distributed to and amongst the then members of that corporation, according and in proportion to their respective interest in the capital stock or stocks of the fame; any former law or statute, restriction or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And For better enabling the said governor and compa- Company may-ny of merchants of Great Britain to raise money to be advanced for or in part of the said sum of two millions, or for carrying on their trade or other necessary occasions; it is also hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their successors, from time to time (in case they shall so think fit) to borrow of take up money upon any contracts, bills, bonds or obligations, under their common seal or upon credit of their capital stock or stocks, or any part thereof, at such rate or rates of interest, for any time not less than fix at such jnte. months from the borrowing thereof, as'they shall think fit, and rest, and for to give security under their common seal, or by assigning or any time net transferring thehr stock or stocks, or any part thereof, or other- lc“ t*Jan wife, as shall be to the (ktisfedtion of the lenders refpcdtively: Seyflull**

and think fit*

344

Securities not to be stamped.

The money to be advanced to be deemed an additional dock.

and transfer-rable and de-▼ifeable as the original flock.

Company to continue a corporation,

and enjoy their annuities, See. tn\ redeemed ;

and their factories, trades and acquiU-tions.

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 7. [1716.

and that such contrails, bills, bonds, obligations or securities shall not be chargeable with any the duties upon stampt vellom, parchment or paper; any former law, statute, prohibition, re-ftridion or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIL And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much money as shall be called for by the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain from their respective members, for or in part of the said sum of two millions, shall

iif the said governor and company think proper) be and be eemed an additional (lock of the said governor and company, and shall be written into the books of the said company, and each member thereof shall have credit in the said books for his or her proportion or share thereof ; and that the members of the said company, who shall have a share or interest in the dock or additional dock of the said company, shall or may assign and transfer the fame in the books of the said company, in such or the like method, manner and form, as are prescribed by the act or acts of parliament and charter now in force for alligninents or transfers of original dock to be made in the books of the said company, or shall or may dispose or devise the fame, or any part thereof, by will, in such manner and form as any share in the original dock of thf said company is devifeable.

XVIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain,, and their successors for ever, shall remain, continue and be one body corporate and politick by the name above-mentioned, and shall have, hold, receive and enjoy the said yearly sum of six hundred thousand pounds, until and for the quarter to end at the feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen as aforesaid, and the said yearly sum of five hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, and the said annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, until the fame respectively shall be redeemed according to this act; and shall have, hold and enjoy all their forts, fadories, acquisitions, lands, tenements, hereditaments, foie benefit and trade in and to the South-Seas, and elsewhere, with a perpetual succession, and all abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchises, exemptions, privileges, profits and advantages whatsoever, whereunto the said governor and company are, or before the making of this act were entitled by any act or acts of parliament, grant or charter now in force; all which are by this act ratified and confirmed to them and their successors (the fiud former fund of six hundred thousand pounds per annum, which by this act is tq determine at the feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, as aforesaid, only excepted) freed and dischargpd of and from all former provisoes, powers, acts, matters and things whatsoever, for redeeming, deter? -mining, or making void the fame, or any of them, subject ne? verthclefs to the several and respective provisoes and powers of redemption hereafter in this act contained,

XIX. fro?

iyi6.]

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 7;

345

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au- On repayment thority aforesaid. That at any time upon repayment by parlia-

ment to the said governor ana company of merchants of Great lC4 ° Britain, or their successors, of the said sum of two million^, or so much thereof as shall be called for and advanced, as aforesaid, without any discount, deduction or abatement whatsoever to be .made out of the fame, or any part thereof, and of all arrears of such annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum payable for the fame, if any such arrears shall be then due, then and not till then, the fame annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annrnm, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; this present act, or any clause, matter or thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also,. and it is hereby enacted by the authori- On one year's ty aforesaid. That upon one year's notice to be riven by autho-at a* nty of parliament, at the feast of the nativity of Saint John Bap- ^^repayV tiff which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven ment of7 hundred and twenty three, or at any of the said quarterly feast 10,000,0001. days, after the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Bapttff one 5***^ fumi thousand seven hundred and twenty tnree, and upon repaymentcca c#

by parliament to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or their successors, of the said sum of ten millions according to such notice, without deduction, dilcount or abatement whatsoever to be made out of the fame, or any part thereof, and upon payment of all arrears of the said yearly sums of five hundred thousand pounds and eight thousand pounds per annum, if any such shall be then due, then the said yearly sums of five hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, shall from thenceforth qeafe and determine.

XXI. And in regard it is intended, That after the twenty fourth

day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, the said ment of any principal sum'of ten millions due to the said governor and company, sum not lets mar he satisfied by any payments not being left than one million of law- th#I1 ful money of Great Britain at a time; and that as the fame princi-pal monies /ball be paid off, the said yearly sum offive hundred thou- part of the Jand pounds /ball from time to tme proportionally Jink and be abated \ 10,000,0001. be it therefore further provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times at or after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, * notice shall be given by authority of parliament for redemption of the said yearly sums of five hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, by this act payable, as aforesaid ; and jf payment according to such notice be made by parliament to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or their successors, of any sum or sums of money (not being left than one million at a time) in part of the said sum of ten millions ; and also if payment be made of all arrearages then due to them of the said yearly sums of five hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, or so much of those arrearages as shall bear a proportion to the principal monies, from.time to time remaining unfinished, being computed by the day, until

the

[i7rfu

principal, shall ceaic.

parliament.

But the corporation to continue for ever.

340 Anno teruo GeorGii I. C. 7.

then (o much the time of every such payment of part of the principal respec-of the yearly tively ; then from and after every such payment so made to the bear*nropor- governor and company, and their fuccefibrs, lb much of the

tion to the said yearly fom of five hundred thcrufand pounds, as shall bear monies paid in proportion to the monies so paid in part of the said principal, pa.it r.h* .. shall ceaic and determine and be abated ; any thing in this or any former act or acts of parliament contained, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

Afterredemp- XXiL Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the non, the du- authority aforesaid, That from and after the redemption of all deri^oo^obekid yearly sums of five hundred thousand pounds, eight redeemed by thousand pounds, and the said other annuity or annuities after the.rate of five pounds p/r centum per ammm9 by payments to be made according to the several and respective provisoes or conditions of redemption in this act contained of or Concerning the lame, then and not till then, the said duties, impafitions, additional impositions and revenues, and all proportional pans of them, or any of them, shall be understood to be redeemed by parliament, and shall not be iftiied, paid or applied to any ufc, intent or purpose whatsoever without authority of parliament) nevertheless the said corporation, by the name aforesaid, after such redemption of the said yearly funds, annuities or other annual payments, shall continue for ever, and have perpetual succession, and shall hold and enjoy all forts, factories and acquifi-tions that they have erected, established or made, or shall ered, establiih or make within the limits prescribed by the charter or charters to them granted, and the lands, tenements and hereditaments that are or shall be by them purchased in Great Britain not exceeding one thousand pounds per annum; and the said governor and company, and the members thereof, without having any share or interest in the said yearly funds, payouts or annuities, or any of them, after the fame shall be redeemed, shall have and be entitled to the foie benefit of trade in and to the South-Seas and elsewhere, and such power of trade in the fishery, as by any act or acts of parliament now in fbreris directed, and all other benefits, powers, privileges and advantages (the said respective annuities to them issuing or payable only excepted) as it' no such redemption were had or made; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by tfye authority aforesaid, That all and every the abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, exemptions, franchises, privileges, profits and advantages whatsoever, and ail pains of death, and other penalties, forfeitures and disabilitics, and all rules, directions, methods, articles, matters and things whatsoever, which by any former act or acts of parliament, or any clanfc or daufes therein, or any charter or charters under the great foal of Great Bri* iairty are enacted, granted or establithed, to, for, touching or concerning the said corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery, or the mean-m of the fame (being in force at or until the time of mating

this

All thing} by any former act* or charter* granted, to continue lor ever.

347

1716.] Anno tertio Gzorgii I. C. 8.

this act, and not hereby determined or altered) shall for ever-continue and be practised, and be put in execution for securing and paying the yearly fund, annuities and payments by this act directea, subject to the provisoes for redemption thereof in this act contained, and also (as well after such redemption as before) for securing the pofieflions, trade and buhnefs of the said corporation, and for their advantage m all respects, as fully and ef-feftually to all intents and purposes, as if the said abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, exemptions, franchises, privileges, profits and advantages, and the said pains of death, and other penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, and the said benefit of trade, rules, directions, methods, articles, matters and things, were severally repeated and at large re-enacted in the body of this present act.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority Transfers not aforesaid. That all such transfers and assignments of (lock or ad-

ditional flock.,, in the books of the said governor and company duties. of merchants of Great Britain, as are not by this act wholly exempted from the damp-duties, shall.not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater duties than are now payable for the fame.

XXV. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the author!- Vote of the ty aforesaid. That any vote or resolution of the noufe of com- ^^'by*t^r mons, iignified by their speaker in writing, to be delivered at (beaker a fuf-the publick office of the said governor and company of mer- ficient notice, chants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient notice within the words and meaning of this act, for redeeming their said yearly funds or annuities, pursuant to the proviso or provisoes of redemption in

this act contained, and at the respective time or times therein mentioned; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An act for redeeming Central funds of the governor and . pany of tbebank of England, pursuant to former provisoes of redemption; and for securing to them several new funds and allowances redeemable by parliamentj and for obliging

them to advance further Jams not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds,at five pounds per oentutn,

as /ball be found necessary to be employed in lessening tbs national debts and incumbrances) and for continuing certain provisions formerly made for. the his Ma-

jtly's civil government *, and for payment of annuities formerly purchased at the rate of five pounds per centum j and for other purposes in tins aS mentioned.

MOST gratieus Sovereign, Whereas parliament

made and paffid in the seventh year of the reign *f her late majesty Queen Anne, ef bleffea memory, intituled, An ta for enlarging the capital stock of the bank of England, and raffing

a

34*

5 Ann. c. 13.

7 Ann. c. 7.

Bj$Geo. i.r.3. & itGtoi.c.g. farther provi «r# made contenting the funds 9 in

this act*

7 Ann. c. 7.

f Ann. c. i.

n Ann. ftati*

c. XI.

9 Ann. c. 7.

7Ann. c.7 &8. I Ann. c. x«

Anno terdo Georgii I. c. 8. [i?i6.

a further supply to her Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and nine, the governor and company of the bank of England were obliged, in the manner therein mentioned, to deliver up to be camelled certain Exchequer-bills which bad been made forth by a former act of parliament in that behalf \ which bills, with interest thereupon, were computed to amount to seventeen hundred fevetity five thousand twenty seven pounds seventeen shillings ten pence halfpenny \ and to the end the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, might have a competent recompence and consideration for so doing, and for all their demands relating thereto, it was by the said act of the seventh year of her said late Majestfs reign enacted, That from and after the faidfoaft of taint Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, the said governor arid company of the bank ^England, and their successors for ever, shall have, receive and enjoy one annuity or yearly sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence out of such duties on houses as are therein mentioned: but it was thereby provided and enacted, That at any time upon one year's notice to the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, and upon full payment to them of the said sum of one million frjen hundred ft-verity five thousand twenty seven pounds seventeen shillings and ten pence halfpenny, and of all arrears of the said annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence per annum (if any J,hall bet then due) 5 then, and not till then, the said annuity of one hundred andfix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen jhillings and five pence per annum fhouli cease and determine, and then also the said duties on houses should be under flood to be redeemed by parliament, and should not be issued, paid or applied to any use or purpose whatsoever, but by authority of parliament. And. whereas in pursuance of the said act of the seventh year of her said late Majestfs reign, several other bills, commonly caU led Exchequer bills were made forth, amounting to two millions five hundred thousand .pounds principal money; and in pursuance of another act of the fame year, and of certain clavfes contained in ait act of the eighth year of her reign, there were issued several such bills, amounting to four hundred thousand pounds more in principal money; and pursuant to an act made in the twelfth year of her said late Majestfs reign, there were issued such bills, amounting to twelve hundred thousand pounds more in principal money: and it was provided by the said acts respectively, That all the bills thereby made forth should bear an interest after the rate of two pence per centum per diem (saving such interest as therein is mentioned;) and that theJedi governor and company of the bank ^England should have an allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum for circulating the said bills, abating the said allowance proportionally as the bills should be cancelled: and by an act made in the ninth year of her said late Majestfs reign,for better enabling the find governor and company of the bank of England to exchange for reads money upon demand any of the bills made forth upon the feii feverd acts of the seventh and eighth years of her Majestf s reign» it wo

OB*

349

47*6.] Anno fertio Georgii I. C, 8.

wafted, That the full sum of forty five thousand pounds per annum (bould be paid to and for the use of the said governor and company of the bank of England, by the ways and means therein specified, for and during such time only, as in that act was limited; and by the said act made in the twelfth year of her Majesty's reign, for better n Ann stat.i. enabling the said governor and company of the bank of England tq c* «* circulate all Excbequer-biUs made forth, and to be made forth on that tad the said former aftsy by exchanging the fame from time to time, for ready money upon demand, it urns enactedy That the entire yearly sum of eight thousand pounds (over and above the said yearly sum of forty five thousand pounds) should be paid to and for the use of thf said governor and company of the bank of England by quarterly payments y until such. time as no more than nineteen hundred thousand bounds of all the bills ifjiud and to be issued in pursuance of that and the said former acts (taken all together) should beJlanding out uncan-relled in the whole : and for making good as well the said interest of two pence per centum per diem, and the said allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as. aljo the said yearly (um of eight thousand pounds, until the subsedieSy duties, Jurplus mor ties and arrears composing the general fund arid security by the said formet aftsy or fame of themy intended to be efiablijbedy or so many if them as should be sufficient for those purposes should, have taken tffefty it was by the said several acts of the seventhy eighth and twelfth years of her late Majesty's reign, or some of themy enacted?

That the lord treasurer, or three or more of the commijfumers of thy

treasury for the time being, should make out or cause to be made out

Uher Exchequer-bills for so much as should be computed to be due at

the respective quarter-days therein mentioned (over and above what

(bould have been applied out of the subsidies, duties and other sums

f money aforesaid) for such interest and for such allowance of three

bounds per centum per annum, and for the said yearly sum of eight

thousand pounds respectively; and that such quarterly bills should bear

the like interest of two pence per centum per diem ; and that thy

said governor and company of the bank of England should have the

like allowance of three pounds per centum per annum for circulation

thereof And whereas in an act of parliament made and passed in the jGeo.1. fbt.fi

first year of your Majesty's reign, reciting, That the Exchequer-bills c. is.

(landing out and remaining unsatisfied and undischarged upon the ele~. venth day of July one thousand (even hundred and fifteen did amount to the sum of four millions five oundred sixty one thousand twenty and (we pounds, or thereabouts \ it was thereby enacted and declared,

That fevered Jubfidies, duties, revenues, additional revenues, incomes, surplus monies, arrears, overplus monies and other monies therein particularly described or mentioned, were and should be one general and aggregate fund and security for satisfying and paying all monies which then were and from time to time should be incurred and grown due or payable for interefiy at the rate of two pence per centum per diem, and for the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum for all the Exchequer-bills above-mentioned, or judo of them as should from time to time be uncancelled or undifiharged; and all the monies which were or should b{ grown, due from time to time upon the said Vol. XXII* -A a sums

35*

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 8. [1716.

sums of forty five thousand pounds per annum and eight thousemi pounds per annum, for Jo long time as those yearly sums were to continue or be payable \ and for supplying to your Majesty, during your life, the yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, for the fervtce of your Alaiefly's hou/hold and family, and other your necessary expences and cccafions \ atidalfo far Jupplying the further year* ly sum of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds for ever, to raije money for publick services, and for making good such deficiencies as art therein expressed; and likewise for and towards furnijbing the yearly sum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety nine pounds and seven shillings, for paying off and cancelling the said bills ; all which was to be done in such order, manner and form, and with such preferences, as in the same act are prescribed: and it was thereby provided and enacted, That from and after the complete paying off and difiharging all the principal and interest which should be due upon oil the said Exchequer-bills issued as aforesaid\ and cancelling the fame, and full payment made of ail arrearages {if any should be then due) as well for or upon the find allowance, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and for or upon the said yearly sums of forty five thousand pounds, eight thousand pounds, one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand six hundred pounds, and every of them, as also of such deficiency or deficiencies as should then appear to be unsatisfied {if any such be) for or upon the original fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, payable to the fail governor and company of the bank of England, and for and upon their abovesaid annuity of one hundred and jix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence per annum; then, and not till then, the said general or aggregate fund, and the faidfubfidies, duties and revenues contained therein, and every of them, should be underjlood to be redeemed by parliament, and should not be issued, paid er applied to any use, intent or purpose whatsoever without authority of parliament, other than and except such duties {part of the said aggregate fund) therein particularly defer ibed, which are thereby enacted to be continued for answering and paying all the payments which should after such redemption grow due for and upon the said yearly Jiim oj one hundred and twenty thousand pounds quarterly, for the service oj your Majesty's houjhold and family, and other your ncccssary occasions\ during your Majesty's life, and for answering and paying all the payments which should after such redemption grow due for or upon the said yearly sum of fifty four thousand fix hwidred pounds, for payment of annuities for ever, mlefi the fame be redeemed by parliament, Exchequer- as by the said several acts, relation being thereunto respectively had, bills on s» may more folly appear. And whereas the bills made forth upon the mounted to ' fevera^ acts tf fivtntb, eighth and twelfth years of her late 4,561,0251. Majesty s reign, {landing out and remaining uncancelled and vndif-

7 Ann.c.7.&8. charged upon the two and twentieth day of March one thousand seven

8 Ann. c. i. hundred and fixteetr, -do still, by computation amount to the said sum of four millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty and fm pounds principal money, and the present charge to the publick of ctrcukting

circulating the fame, as well for the find inter efi of two pence per centum per

3*8^3611. *7 Miemf as the said allowances of three pounds per centum perannum,

is Ann. stat.i. c. II.

Charge for ulat

ftrtjt

35*

i?i6.] Anno tertloGEORGII I. c.8.

forty five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum, doth, by computation, amount to three Ivndred twenty tight thousand three hundred sixty one pounds seventeen findings and ten pence per annum, or thereabouts, except so much thereof as may he abated for bills, from time to time, in the Exchequer, or in the hands of receivers or collectors of any taxes, aids or revenues payable to your Majesty. And whereas the said governor and company ofzank willing the bank of England, in regard the common rate of interefi for money to accept of an is very much lessened under your Majesty s mofi auspicious govern- at 5*‘

ment, and their fivera I funds be fore-mentioned are redeemable at HeL o^their such times, and in such manner, as aforesaid, are willing and content- prdent annui-ed to accept one annuity of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty ty. By n Geo. one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, being after the L: ? 9* *V1 . rate of five pounds per centum per annum, on the said principal u

sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven pounds seventeen shillings and ten pence halfpenny, in lieu of their said present annuity or sum of one hundred and six thousand five Imn-dred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence per annum, so as they may be satisfied the said yearly sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence, until and for the quarter to end at the feast of the nativity of Saint John Boptijl in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen inclusively, and Jo as the future payments of the said sum Of eighty eight thousand seven Imnared fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny per annum may bejecured to them from the said feast-day, until the redemption thereof, and so as the said yearly sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty one pounds seven yhillings and ten pence halfpenny be made redeemable upon cne year's notice to be given at the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, or at any quarterly feast-day after the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and upon full payment to them of the said sum of one million seven hundred sevenly five thousand twenty seven pounds seventeen /billings and ten pence halfpenny, and of all as rears of the said yearly sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, if any yhall be due at the time of such payment± and the said governor and company of the bank of England, are also willing and contented to discharge and deliver up to be cancelled, as many of the Exchequer-bills formerly made forth, as aforesaid, as amount to two millions in principal money, and to accept an annuity or sum of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, being after the rate of five founds per centum per annum for the fame two millions, to commence from the feast of the birth of our Lord Christ in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, subjett to redemption by parliament, upon one year's notice to be given at the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, or at any quarterly feast-day after the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and repayment of the said two millions, and all arrears of the annuity last mentioned; and to continue the circulating and exchanging for money at demand,

Aa2 the

35*

Anno tertio GeorgIi I. C.8. 6 s

the remainder (amounting by computation to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty and five pounds in principal money) of the said Exchequer-bills now standing out and uncancelled, at the present allowance of three pounds per centum per annum ; and are alfi content that the interest now payable on such remainder of the said and of id. per bills be reduced to one penny per centum per diem, from and after cent, per diem the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and interest on Eseventeen-, and that such interest running on a tty of the fame bills, after11!? Dec. during time t^e7 fall lie in the Exchequer, or in the bands of any ,7,7. ' receivers or collectors of his Majesty's taxes, aids or revenues, be saved

Redeemable to the publick \ so as the said Exchequer-bills so to be circulated and on a year'* exchanged be made redeemable by parliament, upon a year's notice to be MkhC i 17. givrn at the fcaft of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our 7 * Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, or at any quarterly ftajl-day after the feast of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and upon full payment of the principal andinterest payable upon the said remaining bills, and of all arrears of the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum which ft) all be due to them at the time of such redemption\ So as the pre- Qnd so as all the present allowances to the said governor and company sent alio wan- of the batik ^England, payable to them for circulating and exchange ces for Exche- tng fior reajy money the said bills, amounting to four millions fan. continued to hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds, or thereabouts, new

Christmas standing out or uncancelled, as aforesaid, be continued to them until and

1717. for the quarter to end at the feast of the birth of our Lord Chrifi

one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and the said governor and company are also willing to advance to your Majesty, to be itnplcyed for or towards discharging or leffcning the national debts and incum- 00 oool to Frances, any further sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole be advanced two millions five hundred thousand pounds, as the cotnmifjioners of tht by the bank, treasury, or high treajurer for the time being, shall call for, at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen at an interest of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament: now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subje&sthe commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being dclirous to ease the present burthen of national debts and incumbrances, and in due time the heavy taxes lying upon this kingdom, so far as it is confident with honour, judice and equity, do most humbly beseech your Ma-Bank to be jetty, that it may be enaeded; and be it enatded by the King's paid such mo- most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of Tune3! °i8 *4 l*ie ^orc*s fp>r,tual and temporal and commons, in this present ftall\row duePar^ament Ambled, and by authority of the fame. That the on the annui- said governor and company of the bank of England, or their ty of 106,5011. successors, shall be fully satisfied, contented and paid all such 13s. sd. on monies as arc due and unpaid, or at any time or times, on or the aggregate before the said fead of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one fund. thousand seven hundred and eighteen inclufiveiy, shall grow due

and remain unpaid, or be in arrear to them for or upon the said annuity or sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence per annum, out a of

tyxS.J Anno tertio Georgii I. e.8. 353

of the money arisen or to arise at the receipt of Exchequer,

of or for the said particular duties on houses, and of or for the

said duties and revenues called the aggregate fund, or any of

them $ and that from and after the said feast of the nativity of that

Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, all the I06#5oil.

payments of or upon the said annuity or sum of one hundred 13s. 5a. shall

and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings <***«

and five pence per annumy which from thenceforth should and

might grow due and payable, shall cease and determine.

ft. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and 5*^ to have their successors, (subje<5fc nevertheless to the proviso and power 887cil. 7s. of redemption hereafter in this act contained in this behalf, and «<4d. per an-none other) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by num out of the virtue of this act, to have, receive and enjoy the said annuity or f

yearly sum of eighty-eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one ^cc 11 eo*,' pounds seven shillings and ten pence half-penny, in respect of 2 Geo. t. c. 3. the said principal funi of one million seven hundred seventy-five thousand twenty-seven pounds seventeen shillings and ten pence tialf-penny, which annual or yearly sum of eighty-eight thousand seven hundred and fifty-one pounds seven shillings and ten pence half-penny shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall oe paid and payable, from time to time, out of all the monies arisen or to arise at the said receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said particular duties on houses, and of or for the said duties imd revenues, called the aggregate fund, and every or any of them and shall be paid and payable to the said governor and payable from company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever, 14 June 1718. from the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist one thou- quarterly, sand (even hundred and eighteen, at the four most usual feasts or days of payment in the year before-mentioned, by even and equal portions; all which payments shall also be made in such manner and form, and with such preference, as are herein after prescribed in that behalf.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That at any Redeemable time upon one year's notice to be given at the said feast of the on one year'* nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and notice after *4 eighteen, or at any quarterly feast-day after the said feast of the Junc I718,

. nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and not before; and upon repayment by parliament ■to the said governor and company of the bank ox England, or ‘their successors, of the said sum of one million seven hundred seventy-five thousand twenty-seven pounds seventeen shillings and ten pence half-penny, without deduction, discount or abatement whatsoever to be made out of the fame, or any part thereof, and of all arrears of the said annuity of eighty-eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one pounds (even shillings and ten pence half-penny per annum, if any such shall be then due j then ' and not till then, the said annuity of eighty-eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny per annum shall from thenceforth cease and determine;

A a 3 any

354

Out of the said duties the bank to be paid (o much as shall be due to them for intereit at ad. per centum per diem on the bills for avocQ,oopl, till delivered up, and so much asatChriftmas 1717. shall grow due for their 3I. per cent, as shall remain uncancelled, and so much as then shall quarterly grow due on their 45,0001. and 8000I. per annum.

Bank to deliver up by 15 Dec. 1717- as many Exchequer-bills as amount to

S,OOOjOOol.&C.

Anno tertio GEORCiiI. c.8. [17*6.

any former act or acts of parliament, or any provisoes, matters or things therein contained, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And for the better encouragement of the said governor and company of the bank of England to pay off, discharge and cancel as many of the said Exchequer-bills as shall amount to two millions in principal money, and to continue the circulating and exchanging for money at demand, the remainder of them, according to the true intent and meaning of this adV j it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies that are or shall be in the receipt of the Exchequer of the said duties and revenues of the said fund, called the aggregate fund, and of the said duties on houses, the said governor and company of the bank of England shall be paid and satislied so much as shall be due and in arrear to them for the said interest of two pence per centum per diem upon the said bill* amounting to two millions, until the time or respective times on which they shall deliver up the fame pursuant to this act, and so much as at or before the feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and (Seventeen shall grow due and be in arrear to them for their said allowance, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to be competed by the day upon so many of the said Exchequer-bills, amounting to four millions five hundred sixty-one thousand twenty-five pounds, as shall at any time or times at or before the fame feast-day rer main uncancelled; and also so much, as at or before the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred And Seventeen shall quarterly grow due and be in arrear to them, for or upon their said allowances of forty-five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum.

V, And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England shall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, deliver up as many of the said Excher quer-bills (now being uncancelled and undischarged) as shall amount to the said sum of two millions in principal money, to such person or persons as the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall nominate, to be discharged, cancelled and made void, in such manner as the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being shall appoint, without issuing the fame again, or any of them; and that the said interest of two pence per centum per diemy and allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, payable in respect of the said bills, amounting to two millions, from and after the time or respective times on which they shall or ought to be delivered up to be cancelled, a? aforesaid, and the said allowances of forty-five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum, from and after the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and fever teen, shall cease and determine, and all the

duties

355

1716.J Anno tcrdo Georgii I. c.8.

dudes and revenues of the said aggregate fund shall be freed,, exonerated and discharged, of, from and against the fame j the said former acts, or any of them, or any other law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, prom Christ-That from and after the said feast of the birth of our Lord mas 1717. Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, the said go- hank to have vcrnor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccef- an annuity °* fors for ever, (subject nevertheless to the proviso and power 0f100,000 redemption hereafter in this act contained in this behalf, and

none other) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this act to have, receive and enjoy, one annuity or yearly sum of one hundred thousand pounds, being after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, computed upon the said principal sum of two millions, which yearly sum of one hundred thousand pounds shall be, and is hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of all the monies arising or to arise at the said receipt of Exchequer, as well of or for the said several duties, revenues and incomes called the aggregate fund, as aforesaid, as of or for the said particular duties on houses, and every or any of them $ and shall be paid and payable to the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever, at the four most usual feasts or days of payment in the year before-mentioned, by even and equal portions, without any deduction, defalcation or abatement whatsoever; and that all the payments thereof shall be made in such manner and form, and with such preference as are hereafter in this act prescribed in that behalf.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That at anysubjedt to re-

time upon one year's notice to be given at the feast of the birth of demption on our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, or at °.nc yoar g n0* any quarterly feast-dav after the said feast of the birth of our Lord christraa* Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and not be- i7J7.

fore, and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor See 9 Geo. u and company of the bank of England, or their successors, ofc* 5*

the said sum of two millions, without any deduction, discount or abatement whatsoever to be made out of the fame, and upon payment to them of all arrearages of the said yearly sum of one hundred thousand pounds, if any shall be due at the time of such payipeni, then and not till then, the said annuity of one hundred thousand pounds per annum shall from thenceforth cease and determine; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- Bank to ad_ foresaid. That the said governor and company of the bank of vance not England, and their successors, shall and they are by this act en- celling joined and required to advance and pay into the receipt of his *,500,000!. by Majesty's Exchequer, to be itnployed for or towards discharg-2

ing or lessening the national debts and incumbrances, and not5 co' ** C‘ otherwise, such further sum and sums of money, not exceeding ftv? and twenty hundred thousand pounds, at such time or

A a + time*

35^ Anno tertlo Geor61i I. C.Si. fi7t$.

times bn or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand foven hundred and eighteen, and by such proportions at a time, as the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall by any writing or writings under his or their hands, to be delivered at the publick office of the said governor and company in Lendmt call for or require; and in case the said governor and company On failure of of the bank of England shall make failure in any such payment payment, 0r payments so to be advanced by the space of fourteen days f^d may bC next a^tcr wr*t,nS or wrings flialJ be respectively deliver-** ed, as aforesaid, the money whereof such failure in payment

shall be made, shall and may be recovered in his Majesty's name, for the uses and purposes aforesaid, by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit or information in any his Majesty's courts of Record at IVcstminster, wherein no effom, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; m which action, bill, suit or information, it (bail be lawful to declare, that the said governor and company of the bank of England are indebted to his Majesty the monies whereof they shall have made default in payment, according to the form of this statute, and have not paid the fame; which shall be Efficient ; and in and upon such action, suit, bill or information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty's use, against the said governor and company of the bank of England, damages after the rate of ten pounds per centum for the monies so unpaid contrary to this act, besides full coils of suit; and the said go-yernor and company of the bank of England*, and their successors, and their capital (locks and funds, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto; so always that the sum to be called for or required of the said governor and company, as aw foresaid, at any one time do not exceed five hundred thousand pounds.

Bank to have IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, an annuity at That the said governor and company of the bank of England* 5I. per cent. an(i their successors, for all and every sum and fams of money the % wUCad-S ^kich they shall advance for or in part of the said sum of two Vance.'* * millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by force and virtue of this act to have, receive and enjoy an annuity after the rate of five pounds per eentum per annum for ever, subject nevertheless to the proviso of redemption herein after contained in that behalf; and that all and every such annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for the money so to be advanced, shall be charged upon and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the monies which shall from time to time arise, as well of or for the aforesaid duties upon houses, as of or for the said duties, revenues and incomes composing the said fund called the aggregate fund, and every or any of them, and shall be paid and payable to the said governor and company of the bank of England) and their successors, in manner following, that is to say. The first payment or payments of such annuity or annuities

i£i6.] Anno terdo GEORon I; c. 8. 357

ties after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be computed by the day, and satisfied from the day or respective days on which the said Turn, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds, or any part or parts thereof, shall be advanced or paid, as aforesaid, until the quarterly feast-day, or respective quarterly feast-days then next ensuing; and from thenceforth the fame annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be paid and payable at the four moil usual feasts or days of payment in the year before-mentioned, by even and equal portions; all which payments shall also be made in such manner and form, and with such preference, as are herein after prescribed in that behalf.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That at any Redeemable time upon repayment by parliament to the said governor and at any time o* company of the bank of England, or their successors, of the repayment of Grid sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, or so much thereof as shall be called for and advanced, as aforesaid, without any deduction, discount or abatement whatibever, to be made out of the lame, or any part thereof, and of all arrears of such annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, if any such arrears shall be then due, then and not till then, the fame annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; this present act, Or any dause, matter or thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

- XL And as to so many of the said Exchequer-bills made interestof twd : forth upon the said recitea acts, or any of them, as do amount per cent, per y in principal money to the sum of two millions five hundred sixty diem, to con-/one thousand and twenty five pounds (being the sum of the j>ec , 17!*

I Exchequer-bills which will be (landing out after the delivering * ■7 7# tip and cancelling so many as amount to two millions, as aforesaid); it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the interest of two pence per centum per diem, now born on yhe said bills, for two millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds, shall continue and be payable and paid to the bearer and bearers thereof respectively, until the twenty sixth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, and no longer; and that from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, the interest upon the fame bills shall be reduced to one penny per centum per diem, which interest of one penny per centum per diem, and no more for interest, shall from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen grow due and be paid and payable upon the said bills, to be'reduced for the said sum of two millions five hunched sixty one thousand to one penny twenty five pounds, to the respective bearers thereof, until the per centum redemption of the fame, pursuant to the proviso herein after Pcr dicnu Contained in that behalf; and that the said interest at the respective rates aforesaid, upon the said bills, amounting to two ^millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds,

(hal) be satisfied and discharged^from time to time, by such ways

an4

35®

receipts, &c laved to the 'publick.

Anno terrio Georgii I. c. 8.' [i 716L

and means as are hereafter in and by this a it prescribed in that All interest on behalf; nevertheless, it is hereby provided and enacted, That Excheouer- the said interest at the respective rates aforesaid, upon such of bills, whilst in the said bills, amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one the publick thoufan<i twenty five pounds, as are or shall, at any time or times, be in the receipt of the Exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or collectors of any taxes, aids or revenues payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, during such time and times respectively, as such bills shall be or remain in the said receipt, or in such hands or power, as aforesaid, shall be abated and saved for the benefit of the publick.

Bank to have XII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, far circular- That the said governor and company of the bank of England* i*? an<* t^ie'r fi,coc®)rs» for circulating the said bills amount-at the rat*e*of mS to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five jl. per cent, pounds, and for exchanging the fame for ready money upon de-from Christ- mand, from time to time, have, receive and enjoy, and be en-*** 17170 titled by virtue of this act to have, receive and enjoy, to their own use and behoof, an annuity or yearly allowance of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen Ihil-lings, (beinj* after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, upon the said sum of two millions five hundred and sixty one thousand twenty five pounds) subject nevertheless to the proviso of redemption herein after contained in that behalf, which annuity or yearly, allowance of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen Shillings, shall be and is hereby also charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of all the monies arisen or to arise, at the receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said particular duties on houses, and of or for the said duties and revenues called the aggregate fund, and every or any of them; and shall be paid and payable to the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for ever, from the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, at the four most usual feasts or days of payment in the year before-mentioned, by even and equal portions, without any deduction, defalcation or abatement whatsoever j all which payments shall also be made in such manner and form, and with such prefer** ence, as are herein after prescribed in that behalf.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That at any time upon one year's notice to be given at the feait of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, or at any quarterly feast-day after the feast of Saint Michcel the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, ana not before, and upon full payment by parliament of the said sum of two millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds, and all in-tcreft that (lull be then due thereupon, and all arrears (if any) which shall be due at the time of such payment, on the said annuity of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds jind fifteen shillings per aunum, ?ud cancelling and dilcharging

all

Redeemable on one year's notice at Xdich. 1717.

359

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c.8.

ell the said Exchequer-bills, then and not till then, the said annuity or allowance of seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; this act or any thing therein contain- cd to the contrary notwithstanding. And for the better and more regular payment of all the monies which shall be payable unto the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, by virtue of this act, as well for or upon the said several annuities of eighty eight thousand (even hundred fifty one pounds (even (hnlings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum, as also for or upon the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, (subject nevertheless, as aforesaid) (landing orders shall be signed by the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by thd high treafiurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being; and after flgning thereof, the fame shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning of them respectively, and of this act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the death or removal of any commissioner or commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, or by or upon the determination of the power, office and offices of them and any of them; nor shall any commissioner of the treasury or high trea-f surer, or under-treasurer for the time being, have power to re- yoke, countermand or make yoid such order or orders so signed, as aforesaid.

XIV. Ahd for the more speedy payment of the monies which Orders to be shall be due or payable severally thereupon; it is hereby de- signed for the clared and enabled. That weekly or otherwise, as the monies

.of the several rates, duties, impositions, revenues and incomes, wejSy>^c# by this act charged or chargeable to or with the payment of the said annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, and to and with the payment of the said other annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and every of them, or any part thereof, shall from time to time be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer for or towards payment of the fame, such monies shall and may be issued upon such order and orders for or towards discharging the said several and respective annuities or yearly sums thereupon charged, to grow due for or at the end of the quarter of a year, in which such issues or payments shall be made, so as such weekly or other speedy payments do not exceed the sums of the respe<ftive quarterly payments, yvhich (hal) grow due for or at the end of such quarter respectively.

XV. And be it Further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Bank to circa* That the said governor and company of the bank of England, late Excho- „

360 Anno tertio Georgii I. c.8. {1716.

bills for 4*561, aixclj their fuccefibrs (for and in consideration of the said an-aucelled nu^y or allowance of seventy-six thousand eight hundred and

c * thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, to be paid to them

as aforesaid) shall, and they are hereby obliged and required, Until all the said Exchequer-bills for the said sum of two millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds shall be fully discharged and cancelled, pursuant to the said proviib and power of redemption in that behalf, exchange for ready money all such of the said Exchequer-bills for the said sum of two millions five hundred and sixty one thousand twenty five Jxrands, as from time to time, or at any time or times, shall be \n the hands of any person or persons, and be demanded of the said governor and company of the bank of England, or at their publick office, to be exchanged for ready money (whether such bills, or any of them, shall or shall not have patted or had a currency in his Majesty's revenues or taxes) by paying unto all such person or persons, in ready money, the sum or sums for which such bill or bills so required to be exchanged was or were issued, or which the owner or owners of such bills shall be entitled unto by fetch bill or bills respectively, together with the interest that shall at the time of such demand be due on such bill or bills respectively, and so toties qusties as often as such bill Or bills shall be demanded as aforesaid; and in case the said go-Bank refuting, vernor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccefibrs, may be sued, or their cathier, shall neglect or refuse to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this present act, upon demand thereof made at their chief office (which, during the currency of the bills before mentioned, or any of theth, is hereby required to be kept at some place within the city of London) by the space of twenty four hours, then the person or persons demanding the fame, or the person or persons for whose account such demand shall be made, shall or may, and are hereby enabled to bring his, her or their action of debt, or upon the case, for the fame, against the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, in which action the person or persons so bringing the fame shall and may declare, That the said governor and company of the bank of England are indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein the money demanded upon the said bill or bills, according to the form of this statute, and have not paid the fame j which shall be sufficient; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or actions shall recover against the said governor and company of the bank of England, not only the money so neglected or refused to be paid, but also damages, besides full costs of suit; and the said governor and company of the b?nk of England, and their fuccefibrs, shall be and are hereby made fubjcCi and liable thereunto; and in the said action or aClions noefioin, protection, privilege or wager of law shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

TtaTe Tumi- XVI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, < me pet so That the said annuities or sum* of eighty eight thousand (even M*l elites; hundred

i?i6.J Anno tertlo GeoRQII I. c. ft 361

hundred fifty One pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfe penny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy six thousand right hundred thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, and the said other annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds her centum per annum, and every of them, shall be deemed and adjudged to be personal estates ; and the fame, and the (loch 3T flocks which the said governor and company of the bank of '

England now have or are entitled unto, as also all such (lock or

Rocks which the said governor and company shall or may be

entitled unto by virtue of this act, and also the principal fumt

and annuities payable to the said governor and company for or

in respect of any such dock or (locks, are and shall, by virtue

of this act, be free and clear and freed and discharged of and

from all taxes, charges and publick impositions whatsoever* ai*d frse from

charged or to be charged thereupon; and shall not be liable to ^C8jJot jjayc

any foreign attachment; any law, custom orufageto the con* to foreign at-

trary notwithstanding. tachment*.

XVII. And for the better securing all the several and re- Duties on spective payments prescribed or intended to be made by or in houses, ac^re-pursuance of this act, it is hereby enacted and declared by the ^ntinued fo? authority aforesaid, That as well the said particular duties oh ^er houses, and the said duties, revenues and incomes composing 1 Geo,i.stat.». the said aggregate fund (which latter are particularly described c. i». or referred unto in the said act of the first year of his Majesty's reign) and all other duties which *ere settled for payment ofc' the said former yearly Turns of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence, and of the said interest and allowances relating to the said former Exchequer-bills, and every of them, are and shall be con* tinued, and be paid and payaole to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for ever; and shall be raised, levied, collected and brought into the Exchequer in England, by and according to such rules, methods and directions, and with such drawbacks, repayments and allowances, and under such penalties, forfeit turcs and disabilities, as arc prescribed in and by the respectivt act and acts of parliament now in force, or any articles, clauses; matters or things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for railing, levying or bringing in of the fame, as fully and effectually as if the fame acts, articles, clauses, matters and things, and every of them, were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act ; nevertheless all the monies arising Nevertheless thereby into the said receipt, from and after the feast of the for the pur-nativity of Saint John Baptist one thousand seven hundred and pofesintheaft Seventeen, and all the monies then remaining in the said receipts,conlamc * of the fame rates, duties, revenues or incomes, shall be dispos-able to and for the several and respective uses and purposes by this act appointed, and subject to the several provifoesof redemption herein contained; any former law, statute, provision, restriction, clauses of appropriation, or other clauses, matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the monies of the said particular rates and duties on .houses, and of the said

aggregate

363 Anno tertio GeoRgIi I. c. ft £1

aggregate fund, or other duties by this act required to be and entred in brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be duly and entre^ in one or more book or books to be kept in the x cc* ' offices of the auditor of the receipt and clerk of the pells, for that purpose; to which all persons concerned, at all seasonable times, shall have free accefc without fee or charge*

AD the duties, XVIII. And it is hereby also enabled, That all the monies of &c- appropn- the said rates, duties, revenues and incomes, which shall or uses oftbis* ou&hi to be brought into the receipt of Exchequer for the foid purposes in this act directed (except the necessary charges for raising, collecting, levying, issuing, paying and accounting for the fame) shall be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied, as well to and for the payment and satisfaction of so much as at or before the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist in the year of our Lord one thousand fever* hundred and eighteen shall grow due or be in airear to the said governor and company, for or upon their said yearly Aim of one hundred and six thousand Ave hundred and ono pounds thirteen shillings and Ave pence; and to and for the payment and satisfaction of * so much as at or before the said feast of the birth of our Lord

Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen shall be due or demanded for the said ir.tcreft, after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, upon all or any the said Exchequer-bills, amounting to four millions Ave hundred Axty one thousand twenty Ave pounds * and so much as at or before the said feast of the birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seventeen shall quarterly grow due and be in arrear to the said governor and company, for or upon their said allowances of 'forty Ave thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum \ and for and upon their said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum for circulating the said hills; as also for answering and discharging all the growing payments which shall hereafter incur and grow due to them for or upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred Afty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence half penny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy Ax thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds Afteen shillings per annum, and the said other annuities after the rate of Ave pounds per centum per annum; and to and for the payment and satisfaction of the said yearly sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds* and Afty four thousand Ax hundred pounds, and all arrears thereof, (if any), and such other annual and other payments as arc hereafter in this act prescribed to be made out of the some, and every of them : all which arrears and growing payments before mentioned are to be satisAcd and discharged in their due course and order, and with such preferences as are by this act appointed, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof, and without any fee or charge whatsoever to be demanded or paid for the fame or any part thereof, but subject to such (eve-ral and respective redemptions as arc in this act prescribed touching the said growing payments or any of them, and to root

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 8. 3 63

other use, Jhtent or purpose whatsoever; any former Jaw, statute, provision, appropriation or other matter or thing what- officer* 0ftht soever to the contrary notwithstanding: and in case any theEXchc(.uer officers or ministers of the Exchequer shall divert or misapply misappiying any of the monies of the said rates, duties, revenues or incomes the money,&c# by this act appropriated for the uses and purposes hereby direct- f^c,t V)®** cd or appointed, or any of them, contrary to the purport and 0

true meaning of this act, or shall pay or issue the fame, or any part thereof, otherwise than according to the intent of this act, and in the order hereby directed, or shall not keep books or make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this act he or they are required to do and perform, every such officer and minister shall forfeit his office, and be rendred un-capable to serve his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office or imployment of trust or profit whatsoever, and shall alfat be liable to pay double the value of any sum or sums of money so delayed to be paid, or so diverted or misapplied, with full costs of suit to those who shall suffer or be grieved thereby, to be recovered by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Courfeofpay-That all the monies by this act appropriated or mentioned to be appropriated for the said uses and purposes in this act ap- f0 much as at pointed, shall be issued and applied in manner and form follow- i* June 1718, ing, (that is to say) in the first place to pay off so much as at shall grow due or before the said feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist in sum oVyC*f * the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen 106,5011.1*1. shall grow due or be in arrear to the said governor and company, sd. for or upon the said former yearly sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and live pence; and so much as at or before the said feast of the an^ much

birth of our Lord Christ one thousand seven hundred and seven- asatChriftmas teen shall be due and demanded for the said interest, after the 1717, shall be rate of two pence per centum per diem ; and so much as on or be- due for interest fore.the fame feast day shall be due and in arrear on the said for-mer allowance of three pounds per centum per annuhy and upony0 mud/asfct the said former yearly sums of forty five thousand pounds, and the fame feast-eight thousand pounds; and after paying or reserving sufficient day shall be to pay so much as at any time or times shall be grown due for *t or upon the said former yearly fuma, or demanded for the said \craniukQ, interest of two pence per centum per diem as aforesaid, then to Then to pay and for the answering and discharging so much as shall, fromf° much as time to time, be incurred and grown due for or upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty annuities, &c. one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hun- payable to the dred thousand pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred oaak weekly*, and thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annumy and the said other annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds perjeentum per annu&9 to the said governor and company of the bank of

3$4» Anno tcrrio Georgii I. c. 8. [1716.

England, and their successors, or to their cashier, for their use, weekly, or as loon as the fame can be satisfied out of the monies of the said rates, duties, revenues and incomes, or any of them, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, so as by such weekly or other payments the whole of the said an* nuities or yearly sums to be paid to the said governor and company, or their successors, at the end of each quarter be not exceeded, and so that upon every of the said quarterly feast days the whole then due thereupon severally be completed, made and the id. UP or satisfied ; and to and for the answering and discharging per cent. per such demands as shall be made of or for the said growing in* diem. terest of one penny per centum per diem9 according to the true

intent and meaning of this act.

Then to pay XX. And it is hereby enacted. That after paying or reserving

Of 120,0001.

during his Majesty's life.

^c y«a^y[UDl sufficient to pay and satisfy, from time to time, so much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due or demanded for or upon the said former yearly sums and interest of two pence per centum per diem as aforesaid; and for and upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty one pounds (even shillings and ten pence halfpenny per anmem9 one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum \ and the said other annuity or annuities after the rate. of five pounds per centum per annum9 and to answer such demands as shall be made of or for the said growing interest of one penny per centum per diem; then the said yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, for the service of his Majesty** houshold and family, and other his necessary expences and oc* cafions, and all arrears thereof, from time to time grown due, shall be paid to his Majesty, during his Majesty's natural life at aforesaid, out of the monies by this act appropriated, or men* tioned and intended to be appropriated for the ulies and purpofts by this act appointed as aforesaid; and that the commissionm of his Majesty's treasury, and the high treasurer and under* treasurer or the Exchequer for the time being shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause the fiud yearly lum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, or such arrears' thereof, to be issued and applied wedtly, oral soon as the fame can be satisfied, in the order and course before* mentioned for that service, out of the monies arisen or to arise as aforesaid, so as by such weekly or other payments the sum of thirty thousand pounds, to be due thereupon, at the end of each quarter, be not exceeded ; and so that upon every of the said quarterly feast days the whole then due thereupon (if the said appropriated monies will extend thereunto) be completed, made up or satisfied, according to the true meaning of this

Then they ear- XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ly sum of 54, That after paying or reserving sufficient to pay and satisfy, from 600I. is to be time to time, so much as at any time or times is or uiaU be itt apart for ^own due for or uppn the said former yearly Runs, apd Jot anj

upoa

*7x6:1 Anno terdo Georgii I. c. 8. 365

Vpon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven perpetual au-hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence half-penny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thou- *erce ' land eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum, and the said othtr annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and to answer such demands as shall be made of or for the said interest, at the respective rates afore said, and so much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due for and upon the said sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum; then the said sum of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, and all arrears thereof (if any be) shall, without any dedu<5tion or abatement, be separated and set apart in the said receipt of the Exchequer, but of the monies by this act appropriated or mentioned to be appropriated as aforesaid, for the uses and purposes in this act appointed; and shall, from time to time, be issued and applied to answer and satisfy such perpetual annuities as are purchased thereupon, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, according to the true intent and meaning of such act or acts of parliament as are passed in that behalf, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, as is thereby prelcribed.

XXII. And it is hereby declared to be the true intent and The prefer-ineaningof this act. That the said arrearages of the said former e”ccs ,n Point yearly sums, and the monies which shall, from time to time,0 Pa>ment* be due upon the said annual sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum,

and the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centUm per ann>?n, and the monies necessary to answer such demands of interest as aforesaid, shall from time to time take place and be preferred, in point of payment, before the sums which shall grow due upon the said yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds; and that the said yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds shall from time to time take place and be preferred, in point of payment, out of the fame, before the said yearly sum of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds; and that the said yearly sum of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds shall, from time to time, take place and be preferred, in point of payment, before the applying any of the said appropriated monies for or towards an-fwering any the payments hereafter in and by this adft charged or chargeable thereupon.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Then the defi-authority aforesaid, That after paying or reserving sufficient tociencies of the pay and satisfy, from time to time, (o much as at anytime or

times *16 or shall be grown due for or upon the said former yearly IO!ij0ool .per sums, and for or upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight annum to be thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven ihillings and ten wade good, pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen Ihillings V.ol. XIJL Bb per

3 66

Anno tertio GeorGII I. C.8. ^1716.

per anyum, and the said other annuity or annuities, after tht rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and the monies necessary to answer such demands of interest as aforesaid, and h much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per anmm\ then the deficiency and deficiencies for making good the payments to be, from time to time, incurred and grown due for or upon the original fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum,, payable to the said governor and company out of the five seventh parts of certain rates or duties of excise, by virtue of several a As of parliament in that behalf (when and as often as any such shall happen) shall, from time to time, be fadsfied and answered out of the monies by this act appropriated as aforesaid; and from and after paying or reserving sufficient to pay and satisfy, from time to time, so much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said former yearly sums, and for or upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum, and the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy and the monies necessary to answer such demands of interest as aforesaid, and so much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum \ Then to pay And to make good such deficiencies of the said original fund of 4.0001. per an- one hundred thousand pounds per>annum (if any such be) as a-niim to sheriffs, foresaid ; then the yearly sum of four thousand pounds shall be forth^hei?pa- ^et aPart *n the Exchequer, and issued from time to time to the tents, passing respective sheriffs of England and Walet, for defraying the char-their accounts, ges of taking forth the letters patents for their respective offices, &c* and passing their respective accounts,and obtaining their S % uietu$\

according to such other act as is or shall be passed in this fcf-fion of parliament in that behalf.

The furplusof XXIV. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the autho-difoofeab^by a^orc^a^9 That the excess or surplus, which at the end of parliament. ^ every or any quarter of a year (reckoning the quarters to end See 5 Geo. i. at the usual feasts above-mentioned) shall and may be produced c. 3-ffi^ » by the said several rates, duties, revenues and incomes hereby appropriated or mentioned to be appropriated as aforesaid, and shall remain in the Exchequer over and above the money thea due or demandable for or upon the fewral annuities, allowances and other payments before-mentioned, or any arrears of tbfc fame, shall attend the difposition of parliament, and be applied > according to act or acts of parliament in that behalf, and not otherwise; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The deficiency XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That it ef soy quarter case the produce of tb? laid several rates, duties, revenues mi

1716.} Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 8: - 7

incomes hereby appropriated, as aforesaid, at the end of ar\y*t° he made quarter of a year after the feast of the annunciation of the blel- f^^rplus fed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, to be produced shall be deficient to answer and pay so much as shall be then in any subsc-due for or upon the said former yearly sums, which are to con- queut quarter, tinue till the respeltive times aforesaid, and for or upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hunt dred thousand pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, and the said other annuity or annujties, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and the monies necessary to answer such demands of interest as aforesaid, and so much as shall be then grown due for or upon the said sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, and so much as is to make good the said deficiency (if any be) of the said original fund; then, and so often, ana in every such case, every such deficiency of the said duties and revenues shall and may be made good out of the produce of all those rates, duties, revenues and incomes, in any subse-quent quarter or quarters wherein there shall be an overplus for or towards answering the fame; any t;hing in this act contained _ to the contrary notwithstanding, * - ^ .

t XXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted. That^in : case the produce of the said several rates, duties, revenues and year*s cn(j to incomes hereby appropriated as aforesaid, shall at any time 6f be made good 1 times appear to be so deficient, that within any one year by parliament* t (reckoning each year to end at Michaelmas yearly) the fame shall not be sufficient to answer and pay so much as mall be then due for or upon the said former yearly sums, which are to continue till the respective times before limited, and for and upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum9 and the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and the mpnies necessary to answer such demands of interest as aforesaid, and so much as shall be then grown due for or upon the said sums of one hundred twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum9 and so much as is to make good the said deficiency (if any then be) of the said original fund, and so much as (nail be then due upon the said yearly sum of t four thousand pounds, according to this act; then, and in every such case, and as often as any such deficiency of the said £ rates, duties, revenues and incomes shall happen, the fame ^ r shall be provided for, answered and made good by and out of the then next aids to be granted in parliament.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time- being, shall, and he and they rity, the xw-

Bba are

ceflary sums to discharge interest to the 6carers of the bills. See.

The bills to be current in payment at the Exchequer, &c.

Receivers, &c. to exchange the bills for money in thcii hands$

Refilling may be iacd.

Anno tertio Georgii I. t. 8f. (171ft I

are hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies arising ' by the said duties appropriated (amongst other things) for payment of the said interest as aforesaid, to issue to such person or persons,. as he or they shall think fit to entrust in that behalf, and upon security to be given to his or their good liking, such sum or sums of money by way of imprest, and upon account, from time to time, and by such proportions at a time, as he or they shall find necessary for discharging all the said interest grown due and payable, or to grow due and payable, at the respective rates aforesaid, upon the said bills, in pursuance of this act; the said interest to be discharged in the manner and form herein after-mentioned; and that any person or perfom, bodies politick or corporate, having in their custody any of the said Exchequer-bills, upon which six months interest or mote shall be due and unpaid, shall and may, from time to time, demand and receive or the person and persons to whom the said monies shall be imprefted for payment of interest as aforesaid, all the interest so due and unpaid upon such Exchequer-bills, who are hereby directed and required to pay and discharge the fame, upon such demand, out of the money to be imprefted to him or them for that purpose.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Exchequer-bills amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty five pounds as *-foresaid, shall be received and taken by, and shall pass and be current to all and every receivers and collectors in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or of any revenue, fopply, aid or tax whatsoever, already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and also at the receipt of the Exche-quer, from the said receivers or collectors, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, making any payments or loans there to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for or upon any account, cause or occasion whatsoever, until the full paying off and cancelling the said bilk, and every of them, according to the purport and true meaning of this act ; and that such of the fame bills as shall be so received at the Exchequer, shall and may be locked up and secured 8 . cash, according to the course of the said Exchequer settled'anJ established by law for locking up and securing money in fpede received there; and that all and every receivers and colleAon in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or of any revenue, aid, tax or supply whatsoever, already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall and are hereby dircfl-cd and required, out of any current coined money as shall then be in their hands of such revenue, aid, tax or Uipply, to pw such of the said bills amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty five pounds, as shall be brought unto them respectively by any person or persons desiring to haw money for the fame; and m case such receiver or celkdar

li III

1716. J Aano tertio Georgii I. C. g, 3 %

shall neglect or refuse to exchange such bills for ready money

by the space of twenty four hours, then the person or persons

demanding the fame shall or may bring an action of debt or on

the case for the principal and interest monies due upon such

bills against such receiver or collector, having money in his

hands, as aforesaid; in which action the plaintiff shall or may

declare, That such receiver or collector is indebted to such

plaintiff the money demanded upon every such bill, according

to the form of this statute, and hath not paid the fame ; which

shall be sufficient; and the plaintiff in every such action shall

recover against such receiver or collector, not only the monies

so neglected or retufed to be paid, but also the damages, be-

fides full cost of suit, and such receiver or collector shall be

subject and liable thereunto ; and in such action, no essoin, . _

protection, privilege or wager of law shall be allowed, or any

more than one imparlance; and upon payment of the money

so to be recovered, the plaintiff, his executors or assigns, shall

deliver up such bills to the defendant, his executors or assigns,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That as any of the said Money lent in bills amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand b,lls? C(lu*1 tQ and twenty five pounds shall be paid or lent into the Exche- E^dTequen quer by any of his Majesty's receivers, or any other person or ‘ ” persons, bodies politick or corporate, making any payments or

loans at that receipt, the officers there shall cause tallies to be levied and delivered to the payers or lenders, as amply and ef~ fe&ually, to all intents and purposes, as if they had made such payments or loans in specie. - „

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Interest on the interest which shall, from time to time, be due upon any

the bills so to be current, shall be allowed to all persons, bodies Cefrers gene" politick or corporate, paying the fame to any receivers or col- rai, &c. to the ljc&ors, receiver or collector of any his Majesty's aids, taxes or day of paying, supplies, or by way of exchange, as aforesaid, or paying or lending the fame into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, unto the respective days whereupon such bill or bills shall be so paid, ex^ changed or lent.

XXXI. Provided always, That no interest shall run or be No interest on

f>aid on or for any such bill or bills, during the time that any 1I^.eccl* iich bill or bills so paid, exchanged or lent, shall remain in hand?, the hands of any the said receivers or collectors, or in the hands of any teller or tellers of the Exchequer, but for such time the interest on every such bill shall cease for the publick benefit and advantage.

XXXII. And to the end it may be known for what time Endowments such bills shall, from time to time, remain in the hands of such Sereu^n^^ receivers or collectors, or in the Exchequer, as aforesaid; be (^payer! * it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons who shall pay such bill or bills to any receiver or collector of any his Majesty's revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, by way of exchange or otherwise, or shall pay or lend fyefi bill or bills into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall at the

Pb3 tiro*

1

iriterdl to re vive.

t7° Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 8. [1716.

time of making such payment, exchange or loan, on each bill so paid, exchanged or lent, put his or their name or names, and write thereupon in words at length, the day of the month and year on which he, (lie or they so paid, lent or exchanged such bill or bills; all which the said receivers and collectors respectively, and also the respeflive tellers in the Exchequer, shall take care to fee done and performed accordingly ; to, which respective days the said receivers and collectors mall be allowed again the interest which he, (he or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respeClive bill or bills, upon his, her or their paying the fame into the receipt of the Exchequer, as afore-

XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any of the said bills shall be re-issued or paid again out of his Majesty's Exchequer, the respective teller there, from whose office such bill or bills shall be so re-issued or again paid out, should endorse on such bill or V>ills so re-issued, in words at length, the day of the month and year that the fame were so re-mued or repaid out of the said Exchequer, and also on what account the fame were Iaft received into the receipt of the Exchequer, and sign the fame, from which time the interest on such bill or bills so rc-ilfued or paid again shall revive, and such bill or bills shall again run and pass at interest as the fame did before they were paid unto or exchanged by the said receivers or collectors, or before the fame were paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforesaid. fells to be re- XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority afore-That the fame bills to be re-issued, from fitAe to time, or at any time, at the Exchequer, as aforesaid,' shall be so rc-issued only for the principal money to be contained therein.

XXXV . And to the end the icspective fellers of the Exchequer, who shall allow any interest upon such hills which shall

the principal money.

Tellers to be re-imbursed the interest they allow.

be paid or lent info the Exchequer,'as aforesaid, may be it-imbursed the said interest by them respectively allowed; it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid, 1 hat the officer or officers to be, from time to time, appointed for receiving the monies hereby appropriated for payment of the said interest, shall from time to time, out of such monies in his or their hands, reimburse and pay to the said teller and tellers respectively, so much as he or they shall have rcfpcClively allowed for the said interest to the payers or lenders of such bills ; in the doing whereof lie or they shall observe .ruch rules and directions as he or they shall, from time to time, receive from any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being.

XXXVI. And* be it enacted, That every receiver general of any revenues, aids, taxes or supplies, belonging or to belong the monis h to ^,s -^3je^y» his heirs or successors, shall keep a fair book or him i waived^ hooks of accounts in writing of all the monies by him received;

9 jn which he or his deputy or deputies shall truly enter all the foms which shall have been received by him or them for every

such

Ilf criver general to keep a book oi'ail

fcc.

37*

1716,] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 8.

such revenue, aid, tax or supply, together with the names of the several collectors from whom the fame, or any part thereof was received, the days when, and the Turns paid, how much thereof in money, and how much in Exchequer-bills, and what Exchequer-bills shall have been exchanged by every such receiver general pursuant to this act j to which accounts every person concerned shall have free access at all seasonable times without fee or chargej and the said accounts shall constantly lie open at one certain place, within the limits of his receipt for that purpose $ and if such receiver shall neglelt to keep such book or books, or to enter therein any sum or Turns of money by him and them received and paid, as aforesaid, by the space of three days after his receipt or payment of the fame, or (hill refiife any person or persons concerned to insped such book or books without fee or charge, as aforesaid, every such receiver for every such offence shall fonfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to Feoslty tool, any person or persons who shall sue for the lame, to be recovered by action of debt, or on the case, bill, suit or information, in any of his Majesty^s courts of record at fVeflminstery wherein no essoin, protection, privilege or wager of law mall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the New bills may authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Exchequer-bills be

for the said sums of two millions five hundred sixty one thousand “ {Jl'finedS and twenty five pounds, shall be filled up by writing orcndorfe- ordefeced.™ ments to be made thereon, as aforesaid, or shall by any accident be defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the commiuioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time oeing, and he and they are hereby authorized and enjoined, upon request to be made by the said governor and company, and their successors, from time to time, to cause new bills to be made forth at the receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of such bills as shall be filled up or defaced, which old bills so filled up or defaced, shall be cancelled at the receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there; and such new bills shall have the like currency, and shall in all respeds be subject to th# iame rules, methods and continuance, as if the fame had been bills originally issued in pursuance of this act, and shall bear th# fame numbers, dates, and principal sums, and carry the like interest, as were born and carried by the old bills so cancelled respectively; and so toties quoties as often as any of the bills to be made forth by this act shall happen to be filled up or defaced, as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And for the better enabling the said governor and Bank may can company of the bank of England, and their successors, to cir^ in money from eulate the said bills, whereof the circulation is to continue by their i*sm-this act, and to cany on their other affairs; it is further enacted *****

by the authority aforesaid, That it shall or may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, from time to time, as they shall fee cause, to call from, or direct to be paid by their respedivo members for

m

Penalty on member* not complying.

Bank may borrow monies under their common seal above the common interest.

Anno tertio Georgij I. c. 8. [1716.

the time being, proportionably according to their respe<Hive interests in the capital (tock or (locks of the said governor and company, any sum or sums of money, as in a general court of the said governor and company shall be judged necessary, and ordered to be called in ; and that all executors, admini-(Irators, guardians and trustees, shall be indemnified in paying the fame ; and in case any such member or members shall rc-fuse or ncgleiSt to pay his, her or the.r share of the monies so tailed for at the time or times appointed for that purpose, by notice inserted in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal Exchange, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, hot only to (lop the share or dividend which shall, from time to time, become payable to such member or members (so neglecting or refilling) of the funds, (locks or profits of the said company, and to apply the fame, from time to time, for or towards payment of the share of the money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such member or members so neglecting or refusing, until the fame shall be satisfied, but alto ro (lop the transfers or assignments of the share of every such defaulter, and to charge such defaulter or defaulters with an interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for the monies so by him, her or them omitted to be paid, from the time the fame were appointed to be paid until the payment thereof; and that the shares and (locks of such defaulter and defaulters shall be liable to make good and answer the said monies so appointed to be paid, and the interest thereof; and in case the principal and interest shall be unpaid by thtfpaceof three months, then the said governor and company of the bank of England shall have power to fell so much of the (lock and Hocks of such defaulter and defaulters as will satisfy and pay the fame, rendring the overplus to the proprietors, if any be; fend the said governor and company in a general court, from time to time, when they shall judge their affairs will admit thereof, shall cause any sum or sums of money which shall be so called in, or any part thereof, to be divided and distributed to and amongst the then members of the governor and company of the bank of England, according and in proportion to their respective interests in the capital stock or (locks of the fame; any former law, statute, restriction, or any other clause, matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And it is hereby enabled. That the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, shall have power and authority^ add they are hereby enabled, in case they shall think fit, from time to time, and at any time or times, at their own good liking, to borrow or take up money upon any contracts, bills, bonds or obligations, under their common'seal, or upon credit of their capital stock or flocks, or any part thereof, or otherwise, for any time, or to be paid upon demand, and at such rate or rates of interest, or upon such terms as they shall think fit, although the fame (ha]l happen to

2. exceed

m

1716.3 Anno tert'10 Georgii I. c. 8.

.exceed the interest allowed by law to be taken, and to give fact security for the fame, as shall be to the satisfaction of the lenders respectively; any former law, statute, prohibition, reftric-rtion, dause, matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: and they are hereby authorized^ at their own . . good liking, to contract and agree in such manner as they shall script*0n8 .for think fit, at any time or times, with any person or persons, that purpose. natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, in whose ar biiities they shall be well satisfied, for or concerning the fur-nishing of monies, from time to time, by such persons or corporations, upon such terms as they shall find necessary, for the better enabling the said governor and company of the bank of England to perform such matters and things as they are to do T, . r and perform in pursuance of this act, and to take lubferiptions ^not*0'**1" from such persons or corporations for that purpose; and it is chargeable hereby declared, that such contracts, bills, bonds, obligations, with the securities or subseriptions, shall not be chargeable with any the fta®P-dubct duties upon stampt vellum, parchment or paper; any former law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any of the Exchequer-bills made forth, or to be renewed, as afore-iaid, or any endorsement or writing thereupon, or tender in Forging, payment any such forged or counterfeit bill, or any Exchequer- '^J|* bill with such counterfeit endorsement or writing thereupon, or iony* ' ^ shall demand to have such ^ counterfeit bill, or any ExcheqOer-biU with such counterfeit indorsement or writing thereupon, exchanged for ready money by the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, or by any receiver qt collector, as aforesaid, knowing the bill so tendred in payment or demanded to be exchanged, or the endorsement or writing thereupon, to be forged or counterfeited, and with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the said governor and company, or any other person or persons, body politick or corporate, then every such person or persons, so offending (hieing thereof lawfully convi^ed) shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted. That the said gover- Bank to have nor and company of the bank of England shall, from time to the ,”dc"^.s time, have the use and custocjy of one part of all the cheques, the*bills.01*° indents, or counterfoils of all the Exchequer-biljs to be current on this act, and from which the said bills are cut, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by counterfeited or forged bills; and that when any of the fame bills shall be discharged and cancelled, such parts of the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils, as shall relate to the bills so discharged and cancelled, shall, from time to time, be delivered back into the receipt of Exchequer by the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors;

XLII,

■ **

374 Anno tertio Geor gii I. c* 8. [1716.

Till all the XLH. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the bilU be paid Authority aforesaid, That until all the Exchequer-bills to be to be i^ecT7 circulated upon this act shall be paid off, discharged and cancelled, no more or other Exchequer-bill*, or bills of the like nature, though by another name, shall or may be made out and issued at the receipt of the Exchequer, either with or without the authority of parliament, unless by consent of the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their sucessors.

No member of XLIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no member ■btedfrombe- corPoratlon of the governor and company of the bonk of ing a parlia- " Engbnd, for or by reason of any the matters or things in this urat-maa, or ad contained, shall be disabled from being a member of par-Liable to be a foment, or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt within the inbankrupt, See. tent anj meaning of all or any of the statutes made against or concerning bankrupts; any law, statute, or provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

During the XLIv. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the

bank, no other authority aforesaid, That during the continuance of the said r«ceedinsT corPorat*on the governor and company of the bank of Eng-fix) to borrow k/w/, shall not be lawful for any body politick or corporate money on bill* whatsoever, erected, or to be erected, (other than the said eo-payaMe at left vemopand company of the bank of England) or for any other months per fans whatsoever, united, or to be united in covenants or n partnership, exceeding the number of fix persons, in that part

of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up any sum or (urns of money on their bills or notes, payable at demand, or at any less time than six months from the borrowing thereof.

Bank in a ge- XLV. And it is hereby further ensured by the authority s-neral couit -foresaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of 33g umTcr- England, or their successors, shall and may, and they are here-takings)de- by authorized and impowered, in a general court, to make and dare such ad- declare such addition to their capital stock (in regard of their dition to their undertaking to discharge and deliver up the said Exchequer-n°h^a|t bills, amounting to two millions, to continue the circulation of t^ey mm* t^e Exchequer-bills, amounting to two millions five hundred

sixty one thousand and twenty five pounds, and to advance any further sums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds as aforesaid) as they shall think fit$ and so much as shall be so declared, shall be, or be deemed to be capital dock or additional dock accordingly; and that the members of the said corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall have a share or interest in such stock or flocks, shall or may assign or transfer the fame, or any part thereof, in the books of the said governor and company of the tank of England, apart by itself, or jointly with any other (lock which such members mav have in the said company; which srffignments or transfers (nail and may be made in such or the like method, manner and form, as are prescribed by any act of parliament, or charter now in force, for alignments or transit

375,

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. C. S.

fers to be made in the books of the said governor and company of the bank of England, by the members thereof, of any shares in their capital.

XLVI. Provided and it is hereby enacted, That as often as Bank not obli-any interest upon the said Exchequer bills, hereby continued to pay for be circulated, shall be demanded to be paid by the said gover-nor and company of the bank of England, they shall not be a penny, obliged to pay for such interest to any lesser sum than one penny upon such bill, in case a (ingle bill be produced for payment, or for the total of the interest of such bills where two or more shall be offered at one time by the same person; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Afterredemp-authority aforesaid. That from and after the redemption of alltion<^J^|°c the said several annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence half- fundaSddu-penny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thou- tie* on houses land eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen millings per ft^beunder-annum, and the said other annuity or annuities after the rate of fire dScmS by*" pounds/vr centum per annum, by payments to be made according puiuukcaw to the several and respective provisoes or conditions of redemption in this act contained of or concerning the fame, and full payment of all arrearages (if any shall then be due) for and upon the said yearly sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds,

$nd fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, and for the deficiency (if any shall then be) of the said original fond of the said govempr ana company of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and every of them, then and not till then, the said general or aggregate fund by this act continued and established,

Shd the faicllubfidies, duties, revenues and incomes, contained therein, and every of them, and also the said particular duties on houses, shall be understood to be redeemed by parliament, and shall not be issued, paid, or applied to any use, intent, or purpose whatsoever, without authority of parliament; other thdn and except the duties called the two thirds of a subsidy of Except the tonnage and poundage upon goods and merchandizes imported, and other than and except the duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts,n unfl* Chocolate, cocoa-paste, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, pictures, and muflins, and other than and except the increased duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-paste, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures, and other . than and except the further rates and duties upon all white cal-licoes, porcelan called china-ware, and drugs; all which said J10,oool?per fobfidies and duties so excepted are part of the said aggregate aim. for ms fond, and are intended to be continued* and they arenere)by Majesty'* life, enacted to be continued, for answering and paying out of the fame, all the payments which shall after such redemption grow due for and upon the said.yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, as aforesaid, for the service of his Majesty's houlhold and family, and other his necessary occasions, during his Majesty's life; and also for answering and paying out of the SfffiuT,"

j66 Anno tertio Georgii I. c.8. £17(6.

per annum, and the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum ter annum, and the monies necessary to answer such demands of interest as aforesaid, and io much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annumj then the deficiency and deficiencies for making good the payments to be, from time to time, incurred and grown due for or upon the original fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, payable to the said governor and company out of the five seventh parts of certain rates or duties of excise, by virtue of several acts of parliament in that behalf (when and as often as any such shall happen) shall, frQm time to time, be satisfied and answered out of the monies by this act appropriated as aforesaid; and from and after paying or reserving sufficient to pay and satisfy, from time to time, so much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said former yearly sums, and for or upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty one pounds seven lhil- j linjp and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, j and seventy fix thoufanct eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum, and the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and the monies necessary to answer such demands of interest as aforesaid, and so much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum; Then, to* pay and to make good such deficiencies of the said original fund of 40001. per an- one hundred thousand pounds per annum (if any such be) as a-nuni to sheriffs, foresaid ; then the yearly sum of four thousand pounds shall be forth^heir pa- ^et aPart *n Exchequer, and issued from time to time to the tents, parting respective (heriffs of England and Wales, for defraying the char-their accounts, ges of taking forth the letters patents for their respective offices, and parting their respective accounts, and obtaining their Quietus's, according to such other ad as is or shall be passed in this session of parliament in that behalf.

The furplusof XXl V. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the autho-Sif^feawTb^ ^ a^orc^a^> That the excess or surplus, which at the end of parliament. ^ every or any quarter of a year (reckoning the quarters to end 1 See 5 Geo. 1. at the usual feasts above-mentioned) shall and may be produced c# 3. fed. 1. by the said several rates, duties, revenues and incomes hereby appropriated or mentioned to be appropriated as aforesaid, ana shall remain in the Exchequer over and above the money then due or demandable for or upon the several annuities, allowances and other payments before-mentioned, or any arrears of the fame, shall attend the difposition of parliament, and be applied > according to act or acts of parliament in that behalf, and not otherwise; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The deficiency XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That in of any quarter case the produce of the £ud several rates, duties, revenues and ]

6 intents*

r7i&] Anna tertio Georgii I. c. 8; $6y

incomes hereby appropriated, as aforesaid, at the end of anjfto be made quarter of a year after the feast of the annunciation of the blel- f^ov°rolui fed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, to be produced shall be deficient to answer and pay so much as shall be then in any subse-due for or upon the said former yearly sums, which are to con- quent quarter* tinue till the respective times aforesaid, and for or upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hun-? dred thousand pounds, and seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, and the said other annuity or annujties, after the rate of five pounds pen senium per annum, and the monies necessary to answer such demands of interest as aforesaid, and so much as shall be then grown due for or upon the said sums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand six hundred pounds Per annum, and so much as is to make good the said deficiency (if any be) of the said original fund; then, and so often, and in every such case, every such deficiency of the said duties and revenues shall and may be made good out of the produce of all those rates, duties, revenues and incomes, in any subse-quent quarter or quarters wherein there shall be an overplus for or towards answering the fame; any tiling in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. :

XXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That' in

case the produce of the said several rates, duties, revenues and year*s end to incomes hereby appropriated as aforesaid, shall at any time ojr be made good times appear to be so deficient, that within any one year by parliament* (reckoning each year to end at Michaelmas yearly) the same shall not be sufficient to answer and pay so much as mall be then due for or upon the said former yearly sums, which are to continue till the respective times before limited, and for and upon the said annuities or sums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, seventy six thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum, and the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum> and the monies necessary to answer such demands of interest as aforesaid, and so much as shall be then grown due for or upon the said sums of one hundred twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, and so much as is to make good the said deficiency (if any then be) of the said original fund, and so much as shall be then due upon the said yearly sum of four thousand pounds, according to this act; then, and in every such case, and as often as any such deficiency of the said rates, duties, revenues and incomes shall happen, the fame

shall be provided for, answered and made good by and out of the then next aids to be granted in parliament.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the com-

missioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or

the high Rttfurcr for the time being, shall, and he and they nty/ the

< B ba are

36*

ceflary (urns to discharge mter< ft to the bearers of the bills, &c.

Arino terdo Georgii I.

(171R

The bills to be current in payment at the Exchequer, &c.

a're hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies arising by the said duties appropriated (amongst other things) for payment of the said interest as aforesaid, to issue to such person or persons,.as he or they shall think fit toentruft in that behalf, and upon security to be given to his or their good liking, such sum or sums of money by way of imprest, and upon account, from time to time, and by such proportions at a time, as he Or they shall find necessary for discharging all the said interest grown due and payable, or to grow due and payable, at the respective rates aforesaid, upon the said bills, in pursuance of this a Cl y the said interest to be discharged in the manner and form herein after-mentioned; and that any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, having in their custody any of the said Exchequer-bills, upon which six months interest or more shall be due and unpaid, shall and may, from time to time, demand and receive of the person and persons to whom the said monies shall be imprefted for payment of interest as aforesaid, all the interest so due and unpaid upon such Exchequer-bills, Who are hereby directed and required to pay and discharge the fame, upon such demand, out of the money to be imprefted to him or them for that purpose.

XXVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore^ said, That the said Exchequer-bills amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty five pounds as aforesaid, shall be received and taken by, and shall pass and be current to all and every receivers and collectors in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or of any revenue, supply, aid or

tax whatsoever, already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and also at the receipt of the Exchequer, from the said receivers or collectors, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, making any payments or loans there to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for or upon any account, cause or occasion whatsoever, until the full paying off and cancelling the said bills, and every of them, according to the purport and true meaning Receivers, Sec. of this act; and that such of the fame bills as shall be so received th/baiirfor at Exchequer, shall and may be iocked up and secured as money in their ca^> according to the course of the said Exchequer settled and bands; establiftied by law for locking up and securing money in specie received there; and that all and every receivers and collectors in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or of any revenue, aid, tax or supply whatsoever, already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall and are hereby direCt-. cd and required, out of any current coined money as shall then be in their hands of such revenue, aid, tax or lupply, to pay such of the said bills amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty five pounds, as shall be brought unto them respectively by any person or persons desiring to haft JMufujg may money for the fame; and in case such receiver or collector betaed» shall

iyi6J Anno tertio Georgii I. c.g, 3. %

shall neglect or refuse to exchange such bills for ready money by the space of twenty four hours, then the person or persons demanding the fame shall or may bring an action of debt or on the case for the principal and interest monies due upon such bills against such receiver or collector, having money in his hands, as aforesaid; in which action the plaintiff shall or may declare. That such receiver or collector is indebted to such plaintiff the money demanded upon every such bill, according to the form of this statute, and hath not paid the fame ; which shall be sufficient; and the plaintiff in every such action shall recover against such receiver or collector, not only the monies so negleCted or refused to be paid, but also the damages, be-fidesfull cost of suit, and such receive? or collector shall be fnbjeCt and liable thereunto; and in such action, no effoin, protection, privilege or wager of law shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; and upon payment of the money so to be recovered, the plaintiff, his executors or assigns, shall deliver up such bills to the defendant, his executors or assigns,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That as any of the said Money lent in bills amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand bill*# equal to and twenty five pounds shall be paid or lent into the Exche-Exchequer^ quer by any of his Majesty's receivers, or any other person or *' ” f persons, bodies politick or corporate, making any payments or

Joans at that receipt, the officers there shall cauie tallies to be levied and delivered to the payers or lenders, as amply and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they had made such payments or loans in specie.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Interest on the interest which shall, from time to time, be due upon any

the bills so to be current, shall be allowed to all persons, bodies criers gene" politick or corporate, paying the fame to any receivers or col- ral,&c. to the lectors, receiver or collector of any his Majesty's aids, taxes or day of paying, fiipplies, or by way of exchange, as aforesaid, or paying or lending the fame into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, unto the respective days whereupon such bill or bills shall be so paid, exchanged or lent.

XXXI. Provided always, That no interest shall run or be No interest or*

{raid on or for any such bill or bills, during the time that any lr^ccci" uch bill or bills so paid, exchanged or lent, shall remain in hand*. C# the hands of any the said receivers or collectors, or in the hands of any teller or tellers of the Exchequer, but for such time the Interest on every such bill shall cease for the publick benefit and advantage.

XXXII. And to the end it may be known for what time Endorsement* such bills shall, from time to time, remain in the hands of such receivers or collectors, or in the Exchequer, as aforesaid; be the^ayer! . it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons who shall pay such bill or bills to any receiver or collector of any his Majesty's revenues, aids, taxes, or sup-

{>lies, by way of exchange or otherwise, or shall pay or lend j)cfi bill or bills into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall at the 4

Pb3 titn«

Anno tertio Georcii I. c. 8.

[1716.

time of making such payment, exchange or loan, on each bill so paid, exchanged or lent, put his or their name or names, and write thereupon in words at length, the day of the month and year on which he, (he or they so paid, lent or exchanged such bill or bills; all \schich the said receivers and collector? respectively, and also the respective tellers in the Exchequer, shall take care to fee done and performed accordingly; to, which respective days the said receivers and collectors mall be allowed again the interest which he, (he or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respective bill or bills, upon his, her or their paying the fame into the receipt of the Exchequer, as afore-ifyid.

Bills re-issued^ XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by *° rc* the authority aforesaid, That when any of the said bills shall . be re-iflfued or paid again out of his Majesty's Exchequer, the respective teller there, from whose office such bill or bills shall . be so re-issued or again paid out, should endorse on such bill or \>ills so re-HTued, in words at length, the day of the month and year that the fame were so re-issued or repaid out of the said Exchequer, and also on what account the fame were last received into the receipt of the Exchequer, and sign the fame, from which time the interest on such bill or bills so re-issued or paid again shall revive, and such bill or bills shall again run and pass at interest as the fame did before they were paid unto or exchanged by the said receivers or collectors, or before the fame were paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforesaid. falls to be re- XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authbrity afofe-^ nr?nrLi?r That the fame bills to be re-i(Tucd, from time to time, or at any time, at the Exchequer, as aforesaid,' shall be so rc-iflljed only for the principal money to be contained therein.

XXXV. And to the end the tespective fellers of the Exchequer, who shall allow any interest upon such bills which shall be paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, may be re-imbursed the said interest by them respeetively allowed; it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid, 1 hat the officer or officers to be, from time to time, appointed for receiving the monies hereby appropriated for payment of the said interest, shall from time to time, out of such monies in his or their hands, reimburse and pay to the said teller and tellers respectively, so much as he or they shall have respectively allowed for the said interest to the payers or lenders of such bills ; in the doing whereof he or they shall observe such rules and directions as he or they shall, from time tq time, receive from any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That every receiver general of any revenues, aids, taxes or supplies, belonging or to belong

the°monies by to hfS his heirs or successors, shall keep a fair book or

him received, books of accounts in writing of all the monies by him received; |*c. in which he or his deputy or deputies shall truly enter all the

fqms which shall have been received by him or them for every

the principal nioney.

Teller* to be fe-imbnrfed the interest they allow.

Receiver general to keep

a book of a!l

37J

I7v6,] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 8.

such revenue, aid, tax or supply, together with the names of the several collectors from whom the fame, or any part thereof was received, the days when, and the sums paid, how much thereof in money, and how much in Exchequer-bills, and what Exchequer-bills shall have been exchanged by every such receiver general pursuant to this act; to which accounts every person concerned shall have free access at all seasonable time* without fee or charge; and the said accounts shall constantly lie open at one certain place, within the limits of his receipt for that purpose; and if such receiver shall neglect to keep such book or books, or to enter therein any sum or sums of money by him and them received and paid, as aforesaid, by the space of three days after his receipt or payment of the fame, or (htll refiife any person or persons concerned to inspect such book or books without fee or charge, as aforesaid, every such receiver for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to Beaalty soot any person or persons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, or on the case, bill, suit or information, in any of his Majest/s courts of record at JVcJlminster % wherein no efioin, protection, privilege or wager of law mall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance.

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the New bills may authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Exchequer-bills ^ JP^c/j!rt“ for the said sums of two millions five hundred sixty one thousand “

and twenty five pounds, shall be filled up by writing or endorse- w defaced.V ments to be made (hereon, as aforesaid, or shall by any accident be defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the commimoners of the titafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time oeing, and he and they are hereby authorized and enjoined, upon request to be made by the said governor and company, and their successors, from time to time, to cause new bilk to be made forth at the receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of such bills as shall be filled up or defaced, which old bills so filled up or defaced, shall be cancelled at the receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there; and such new bills shall have the like currency, and shall in all respects be subject to the feme rules, methods and continuance, as if the fame had been bills originally issued in pursuance of this a A, and shall bear the feme numbers, dates, and principal sums, and carry the like interest, as were born and carried by the old bills so cancelled respectively; and so toties quoties as often as any of the bills to be made forth by this act shall happen to be filled up or defaced, ns aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And for the better enabling the said governor and Bank may caH company of the bank of England, and their successors, to dr- in money from culate the said bills, whereof the circulation is to continue by their acm-this act, and to cany on their other affairs; it is further enacted *****

fay the authority aforesaid, That it shall or may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, from time to time, as they shall fee cause,

Co call from, or direct to be paid by their refpc&ve members for

m

Penalty on member* not complying.

Bank ma);bor. row monies under their common Teal above the common jn-terest.

Anno tertio Georgij I. c. 8. [171$.

the time being, proportionally according to their respective intereds in the capital dock or docks of the said governor and company, any sum or Turns of money, as in a general court of the said governor and company shall be judged necessary, and ordered to be called in ; and that all executors, admini-drators, guardians and trustees, shall be indemnified in paying the fame ; and in.case any such member or members shall re-fuse or ncgleCt to pay his, her dr their share of the monies To Called for at the time or times appointed for that purpose, by notice inserted in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal ^Exchange, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said gover-nor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, hot Only to flop the share or dividend which shall, from time to time, become payable to such member or members (so neglecting or refuting) of the funds, docks or profits of the said company, and to apply the fame, from time to time, for or towards payment of the share of the money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such member or members so neglecting or refusing, until the fame shall be satisfied, but also ro dop the transfers or afiignments of the share of every such defaulter, and to charge such defaulter or defaulters with au intered after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for the monies so by him, her or them omitted to be paid, from the time the fame were appointed to be paid until the payment thereof; and that the shares and docks of such defaulter and defaulters shall be liable to make good and answer the said monies so appointed to be paid, and the intered thereof; and in case the principal and intered shall be unpaid by the space of three months, then the said governor and company of the bank of England shall have power to fell so much of the dock and docks of such defaulter and defaulters as will satisfy and pay the fame, rendring the overplus to the proprietors, if any be; fend the said governor and company in a general court, from time to time, when they shall judge their affairs will admit thereof, shall cause any sum or Turns of money which shall be so called in, of any part thereof, to be divided and didributed to and amongd the then members of the governor and company of the bank of England, according and in proportion to their fespective inteneft9 in the capital dock or docks of the fame; any former law, datute, reftriCtion, or any other clause, matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XaXIX. And it is heretw enacted. That the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, shall have power and authority^ ahd they are hereby enabled, in case they shall think fit, from time to time, and at any time or times, at their own good liking, to borrow or take up money upon any contracts, bills, bonds or obligations, under their Common Teal, or upon credit of their capital dock or docks, or any part thereof, or otherwise, for any time, or to be paid upon demand, and at such rate or rates of intered, or upon such terms as they shall think fit, although the fame (ha]l happen to ,/| 2. “ exceed

(716*3 Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 8. 373

.exceed the interest allowed by law to be taken, and to give such security for the fame, as shall be to the satisfaction of the lendr ers respectively; any former law, statute, prohibition, reftric-rion, dause, matter or thing whatsoever to the^ contrary notwithstanding; and they are hereby authorized^ at their own . -good liking, to contract and agree in such manner as they shall factions .for think fit, at any time or times, with any person or perfons# that purpose. natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, in whose ar bilities they shall be well satisfied, for or concerning the fur-nifliing of monies, from time to time, by such persons or corporations, upon such terms as they shall find necessary, for the better enabling the said governor and company of the bank of England to perform such matters and things as they are to do r and perform in pursuance of this act, and to take (ubscriptions ^not**1*** from such persons or corporations for that purpose; and it is chargeable hereby declared, that such contracts, bills, bonds, obligations, with the securities or subscriptions, shall not be chargeable with any the ftanap-duties /duties upon (lampt vellum, parchment or paper; any former law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any of the Exchequer-bills made forth, or to be renewed, as aforesaid, or any endorsement or writing thereupon, or tender in Forging, *c* payment any such forged or counterfeit bill, or any Exchequer- bins bill with such counterfeit endorsement or writing thereupon, or \Qny\ * ^ ((hall demand to have such ^counterfeit bill, or any Exchequer-bill with such counterfeit Endorsement or writing thereupon, exchanged for ready money by the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors, or by any receiver or collcdor, as aforesaid, knowing the bill so tendred in payment or demanded to be exchanged, or the endorsement or writing thereupon, to be forged or counterfeited, and with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the said governor and company, or any other person or persons, body politick or corporate, then every such person or persons, so offending (being thereof lawfully convi$ed) shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XLL And it is hereby further enacted, That the said gover- Bank to have nor and company of the bank of England shall, from time to the 1"dcrn?.s orf time, have the use and custody of one part of all the cheques, thehiUs. ° indents, or counterfoils of all the Exchequer-bills to be current on this act, and from which the said bills are cut, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by counterfeited or forged bills5 and that when any of the fame bills shall be discharged md cancelled, such parts of the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils, as shall relate to the bills so discharged and cancelled,

[hall, from time to time, be delivered back into the receipt of Exchequer by the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their successors;

XLII,

Anno tertio Georgii I. c.9. [1716.

hundred and twelve, should be imported into or made in Great Britain, the respective duties therein mentioned; and for and upon every policy of assurance, which during the term of thirty two years to be reckoned pom the first day of August one thousand /even hundred and twelve, should be made or entred into within the cities of London and West minder, or elsewhere within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, an additional duty therein expressed: and it was thereby enactedy That yearly and every year, during the term of thirty two yearSy which commenced jrom the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, the sum of one hundred and sixty eight thousand and three poundsy by and out of the monies of the several duties by that act grantedy or to be made goody as is therein mentionedy should be a yearly fund for or towards answering or paying off all and every the principal sums therein mentionedy amounting in the whole to two millions three hundred forty one thousand nine hundred and ninety pounds, with intereji after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, to fiuch persons as should contribute or advance the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds for her Majestyssupply, or to those claiming from or under the my in the manner thereby prescribed. And whereas by the several acts before recitedy it was provided, That if the several duties by them respectively granted or appropriatedy for raising the several yearly funds by them sjlablished or intended to be establijbed9 should at the end of any one year appear to be deficient for answering the said yearly funds respectively, that then such deficiencies should be made good cut of the next aids to be granted in parliament, or otherwifcy as by the fame acts respectively is prescribed: and her said late Majesty by the fame acts respectively, was authorized to appoint managers or dir eft or sy who, or feme of theniy were thereby respectively directed to prepare lottery ticketSy and to cause the said lottery tickets to be drawn in such several manners as were thereby appointedy and to transmit into the office of the auditor of the receipt of the Exchequer, books containing the nanfesy surnames and places of abodey of the perfonSy which upon such drawings should be intitled to such fortunate or beneficial lots as are therein set down ; and that the fame perfonSy their executorSy administrators and assigns respectively, should havey receive and enjoy y out of the said respective fundsy the principal monies which should be entred in such books for them respectively, in course or courfeSy and the interest thereof by such payments as in the said acts are severally prescribed; and that the other contributors or adventurer sy upon the said several acts (not having fortunate lets) their executors, adminijtrators and assigns, reffectively should havey receive and enjoy, out of the said respective fundsy such principal monies^ in course or coursesy ana such interesty as in and by the said lottery acts respectively were prescribed for them severally to havey receive and enjoy; and by the fame acts it was severally directedy that the said tickets should be exchanged for (landing ordersy and that such orders flmld be regiflredy and be assignabtem9 and that during the several terms therein mentionedy (unless the principal and intereji directed to be paid by the said several aftsy should be sooner paid off) the said duties should be severally applied for answering the said principal and intereji, and other purposes therein meu-

t titled?

3 $

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9.

' tinned: and in the several alts for the said lotteries are contained several provisoes or c/aufes, importing,that if before the end of the

respective terms of thirty two years therein mentioned, all the principal and interefi monies payable by virtue of the fame acts respectively, should be fully paid and dijcharged, or sufficient money should be referOed in the Exchequer for payment thereof that then and in such ease, and from thenceforth the duties by the fame acts respectively granted or charged therewith, should ceaj'e, or be disposeable by authority of parliament, and not otherwise, as by the said fevei al acts, relation being thereunto severally had, doth and may more fully and at large appear. And whereas the said several sums of one million five hundred thousand pounds, two millions, on( million eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million eight hundred thousand pounds, were advanced for the publick service, upon the several acts before-mentioned\ and the tickets thereby directed were made forth and drawn, and books were transmitted\ or are to be transmitted into the Exchequer by the said managers or directors, or by some other persons appointed thereunto, in pursuance of acts of parliament in that behalf; and the said several sums of one million nine hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred and fevctity pounds ,* two, millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred pounds, two millions three hundred forty one thousand[even hundred and forty pounds, and two millions three hundred forty one thousand nine hundred and ninety pounds, became payable as principal monies, with interefi, after the said rate offix pounds per centum per annum, to the several contributors or adventurers, or to claimants from or under them, according to their several Jbares therein, and funding orders have been or are to be made forth for the fame. And whereas several sums amounting to one million six hundred sixty six thousand and seventy pounds, or thereabouts, (jpart of the said principal fium of one million nine hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred and seventy pounds) and two millions five hundred twenty five thousand nine hundred and seventy pounds, or thereabouts, (part of the said principal sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred pounds) and two millions two hundred fifty eight thousand five hundred and twenty pounds, or thereabouts, (part of the said principal sum of two millions three hundred forty one thousand seven hundred and forty pounds) and two millions three hundred and twelve thousand and sixty five pounds, or thereabouts, (part of the said principal sum of two millions three hundred forty one thousand nine hundred and ninety pounds) do upon the fourth day of March one thousand seven hundred andsixteen, remain unsatisfied; which principal sums fio remaining unsatisfied, do amount in the whole to eight millions seven hundred sixty two-thousand six hundred twenty five pounds, or thereabouts, carrying interefi after the said rate offix pounds per centum per annum. And whereas in ana by an act of parliament made and passed in the twelfth year of Annuities on the reign of his said late majesty King William, it was (amongst other things) provided and enacted. That in lieu and discharge of certain c. i». perpetual annual payments, and of all arrears thereof granted by his late majesty King Charles the Second, by letters patents out of the hereditary revenue of exafe> in satisfaction of certain principal funis

C c 3 men-

386

*of 3 Ann.c.3

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9. [1716.

mentioned in the said letters patents to be then due from his said late Majesty, to the respective patentees therein named, the said hereditary revenue of excise should., from and after the twenty sixth day of December one thousand jeven hundred andfive, be andjland charged and chargeable for ever with the payment of annual sums after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for the principal sums mentioned in the said respective letters patents, to be issued and paid out of the said revenue by quarterly payments out of the receipt of the Exchequer by the officers of the fame, unto the respective owners and proprietors of the said annual sums, and to their heirs and assigns for ever, without any fee or charge \ the said annual payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to be subject nevertheless to be redeemed upon payment of a moiety of the principalfums mentioned in the said respective letters patents: and by or in pursuance of an act made in the second year of the reign of her said late majesty ' Sjueen Anne, the respective proprietors have or ought to have /landing orders for payment of the annuities last mentioned, quarterly, until the fame shall be redeemed, as afGrefaid, free from all taxes and impositions whatsoever. And whereas the whole of all the sums mentioned in the said letters patents, did amount to one million three hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred and twenty six pounds, and the moiety thereof, for which the said annual sums are redeemable, doth amount to six hundred sixty four thousand two hundred sixty three pounds, and the said annual sums, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, wherewith the said hereditary revenue is now charged,'or liable to be charged, till such redemption, doth amount to thirty nine thousand eight hundred fifty five pounds fifteen shillings seven pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, (which is equal to a rate of six pounds per centum per annum for the said sum of six hundred sixty four thousand two hundred sixty three pounds.) And whereas fence the making of the jtvcral acts herein above recited, the common rate of interest for money is very much lessened, so that it is become just and reajonable for the pubhek to have and enjoy as well the benefit of redeeming the said fiveral duties and revenues charged or chargeable with the said lottery orders so remaining unfa-tisfied, as also the benefit of redteming the said annual sums now payable out of the hereditary excise. And whereas the proprietors of the said lottery orders, or several of them, are or ma) be willing and desirous to accept (in lieu and discharge thereof) an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum redeemable by parliament, and the proprietors of the said annual sums now charged or chargeable upon the said hereditary excise, or several of them, are or may be also willing and defercus to accept (in lieu and discharge thereof) an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and to be computed only upon one moiety of their respective principal sums (by the payment of which moieties, their annual payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were formerly made redeemable, as aforesaid;) and several of the proprietors of the said lottery orders are or fnay be willing and deftrous to have their principal and interest due thereupon^ paid andfatisfitd to them in ready money $ and several of

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c.9. 3S7

he proprietors of the said annual sums payable out of the hereditary xctfe, are or may be also willing and deftrous to have the moiety of he principal monies I for which the fame are redeemable, as aforesaid) paid and satisfied to them in ready money; and several persons or corporations are or may be willing to advance ready monies for the purposes aforesaid, and for other the purposes in this act particularly nentioned, Jo as they respectively for their monies so to be advanced nay have such annuities as are herein after expressed, secured to them espectively, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the rue meaning of this act: now to the end a good, sure and suffi-:ient fund and security may be settled and established for the due, tgular, and constant payment of all the annuities which shall >e payable by or in pursuance of this act, until such several and efpeAive redemptions, as aforesaid, we your Majesty's mod lutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do most humbly pray your Majesty that it nay be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent najesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual md temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, ind by authority of the fame, That all such or the like customs, DUtfes, &c. ubfidies, impositions, additional impositions, rates, duties, addi- granted for ional rates and duties, and all proportional parts of any duties, making good ind all revenues and weekly or other payments out of any duties i^wfundi. >rrevenues which were granted, impolea, appropriated, or direct- &c.

id by the said several recited acts, and every of them, or by any continued, ' >ther act or acts of parliament now in force, for such several ana 9 Geo. «c* «spective terms of years as are therein mentioned, for or towards the answering, paying, securing, or making good the said everal and respective funds of one hundred thirty five thousand >ounds per annum, one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred ind seventy pounds per annum, one hundred sixty eight thousand ind three pounds per annum, and one hundred sixty eight thou-and and three pounds per annum, or for or towards payment of the principal and interest monies on the said lottery orders, ind for or towards answering or paying the said annual sums imounting to thirty ninefhoufand eight hundred fifty five pounds ifteen shillings seven pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum,

[except as in the said several adis or any of them is excepted,

ind except such of the said duties or revenues as are since taken

1 way by any other act or adis of parliament in that behalf) shall

xmtinue and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and

uccessors for ever, for the purposes in this act prescribed and

ihredted; and that such of the hereditary duties mentioned in

:he said former acts of parliament, or any of them, as during

die respective terms of years therein expressed were appropriat-

5d or directed to be applied, for or towards the payment of the

Taid yearly funds or sums, or any of them, shall also continue

md fee paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflfors

for ever, for the purposes in this act prescribed and directed ;

md that all and -every the powers,* which, in and by the said with like pdw-

former acts, or any of them, were veiled, or intended to be ert to grant

Cc4 vested licences, and

388 Anno tertio Georgii I. c.g. [1716.

to do other vested in her said late Majesty, or such commissioners or others, things for rai- as (he should appoint, for granting licences, or doing any other ' reroutes matters or things in order to raite any the duties or revenues hereby intended to be continued and made perpetual, shall be and are, by force and virtue of this a ct, revived and vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and his and their commissioners, in the same manner, for raising the fame duties or revenues reflectively for the purposes in and by this act pre-feribed and directed $ and that all other powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever, contained in the said former acts of parliament, and every or any of them, now being in force, for raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and, accounting for the said customs, subsidies, impo-fitions, rates, duties, and additional rates and duties, and proportional parts of duties, and the said revenues, and weekly or other payments out of any duties or revenues granted, impofd, appropriated or directed for such several and respective terms of years, as aforesaid (except as is before excepted) shall be revived, and be for ever continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the said customs, subsidies, impo-fitions, rates and duties, additional rates and duties, proportional parts, and the said weekly and other payments out of any duties or revenues by this act intended to be continued and made perpetual, for the purposes in and by this act prescribed and directed, as fully and effectually as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, clauses, matters and things, were at large repeated and particularly re-enacted in the body of this present a<t; the said former acts, or any of them, or any thing therein contained to the But subjett to contrary notwithstanding: nevertheless the said customs, fub-redemption. fidies, impositions, rates, duties, additional duties, propor-9 Geo. i.c. 5. tjonai pans, weekly and other payments, and every of them, by this act intended to be continued and made perpetual, as aforesaid, shall be subject to such provisoes and powers of redemption as are hereafter in and by this act contained and prescribed of and concerning the fame.

All the monies II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be brought That all the monies arising of or for the said customs, subsidies, chwiuer and imP°fitlons5 rates, duties, additional duties, proportional parts, registred weekly and other payments, hereby intended to be continued

there. and made perpetual, subject to such redemption as aforesaid,

(except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the fame) shall, from time to time, be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer for the uses and purposes in this act prescribed; and shall, from time to time, be fairly and distinctly entred and registred in one or more book or books to be kept in the offices of the auditor of the receipt and clerk of the pells, feveraily for

3*9

i716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9.

that purpose, to which all persons concerned, at all seasonable times, shall have free access, without fee or charge.

III. And it is hereby also enabled. That all the monies, The monies .which, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one arising after thousand seven hundred and seventeen, shall be brought into apprroriated the Exchequer, or shall be then remaining there, of or for the for payment said customs, subsidies, impositions, rates, duties, additional of annuities duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments, by this

and the said former acts, or any of them, granted or continued,tlus c* as aforesaid, (except the necessary charges of issuing and applying the said monies to the fame uses and purposes, and rendring the accounts thereof) shall be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied to and for the payment and satisfac-tion of such annuities as shall be payable by virtue of this act, and making such other payments as are hereby directed, in their due order, method and form, and with such preferences, and subject to such redemptions, as are in and by this act preferred of and concerning the fame respectively, and without any fee or charge whatsoever to be demanded of or paid by the relpedive persons or corporations, who are to receive the said monies; and that the respective officers of the Exchequer, who shall make any delay in issuing or paying the fame, or shall be guilty of diverting or misapplying any of the said monies, contrary to this act, for any such offence shall be forejudged from their respective offices or places, and be rendred incapable to serve his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in any office or imployment of trull or profit whatsoever, and shall also be liable to pay double the value of any sum or sums of money so delayed, diverted, or misapplied, to the party grieved, »to be recovered by aciion of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit or informal n, in any his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, whereui no eiioin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted and allowed.

IV. And whereas the said yearly sums of one hundred thirty-five 1thousand pounds, one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and fie-venty pounds, one hundred sixty-eight thousand and three pounds, one hundred sixty eight thousand and three pounds, and thirty-nine thousand eight hundredfifty-five pounds fifteen shillings seven pence and one fifth part of a penny, adding thereunto the above-mentioned surplus or remainder of the duties granted by the act of the ninth year of her

late Majestys reign fit ji above recited (which surplus or remainder 9 Ann. c.6. was thereby also made applicable towards discharging the principal monies payable by virtue of that at7, and communibus annis hath amounted to twenty-seven thousand three hundred and seventeen pounds eleven shillings and three pence per annum) do amount in the whole to seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum: 7*4*8491* ** now it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lOyd.fliallbe .That yearly and every year, reckoning the first year to begin from the feast of St. Michael the arch-angel in the year of our Ejmlained by JLord on? th9ufand seven hundred and seventeen, and from cGeo.i.c. 1.

thenceforth s Oto. i. c. 19.

39<>

Deficiencies shall be made good out of the first aids granted by parliament.

Managers and

directors to prepare books for subscrip-tions, Uq.

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9. [1716.

thenceforth for ever (subject nevertheless to such provisoes and powers of redemption as are hereafter in this act contained) the full sum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, by or out of the monies arising of or for the said customs, subsidies, impositions, rates, duties, additional duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments by this act appropriated and directed to be brought, from time to time, into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, in case the fame shall extend to the said sum of (even hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, shall be computed and reckoned to be a general yearly fund ; and in case all the monies so arising into the Exchequer of or for the said customs, subsidies, impositions, rates, duties, additional duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments, shall not amount to seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, then the monies so arising, so far as the fame will extend, shall be part of the said general yearly fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annumy for and towards the answering and paying all the annuities and payments by this act charged or chargeable thereupon; and in case all the monies by this act appointed or appropriated, as aforesaid, shall at any time or times appear to be so deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as that within any one year to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said monies so arising into the Exchequer of or for all the said customs, subsidies, impositions, rates, duties, additional duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments, shall not amount to so much as seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part ot a penny, that then, and so often, and in every such case, so much as shall be wanting to make up the said general fund or sum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, for every or any such year, shall be supplied and made good, from time to time, by and out of the first aid or supply to be granted in parliament next after such deficiency shall appear, and shall, from time to time, be transferred thereunto, as Toon as the fame shall be granted.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall ana may be lawful to and for the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, and they respectively are hereby authorized and required, by writiqg under their respective hands, to constitute and appoint such able and fit persons, and such or so many of them, as the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said high treasurer for the time being, shall, from time to time*

think

39*

1716.] Anno terdo GEotait L c. 9.

think fit, to be managers or directors, for preparing books, and for overseeing the subseriptions to be taken therein, and for doing and performing such other matters and things as are by this act directed and appointed by such managers and directors to be done and performed ; and that the managers or directors so to be constituted, shall, according to such directions as they shall receive in writing from the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or from the said high treasurer for the time being, prepare books, and open the fame at some convenient publick office or offices (whereof notice shall be given by writing, to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and also to be inserted in the London Gazette, so that none may pretend ignorance) for taking such subseriptions as are to be taken therein, pursuant to this act, within the time hereby limited in that behalf.

VI. Provided always, That the said commissioners of the Treasury to treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, shall or may dire# the fob* cause the said books to be opened for receiving the subserip- feripfions. lions relating to all the said yearly funds of one hundred thirty-

five thousand pounds, one hundred eighty-six thousand six hundred and seventy pounds, one hundred sixty-eight thousand and three pounds, one hundred sixty-eight thousand and three pounds, and thirty-nine thousand eight hundred fifty-five pounds fifteen shillings seven pence and one fifth part of a penny, or such or so many of thfem at a time, as they the said commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, shall find to be most conducive to the publick service.

VII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. The books to^ That the said books, after the opening thereof, shall constantly heoPJn^fca* lie open at all seasonable hours; and the respective proprietorsfonablcbourg * of the said lottery-orders, and of the said annual sums payable

out of the said hereditary excise, or such person or persons as are or shall be impowered to subseribe for them, or any of them, shall have free access thereunto, and have liberty to make their respective subseriptions therein, according to this act, without any fee or charge whatsoever; and that the said managers or directors, or such or so many of them as shall be thereunto constituted as aforesaid, shall constantly attend and oversee the making of the said subseriptions, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, unless the subseriptions for all the said lottery-orders, and the said annual sums charged on the hereditary excise, be sooner completed.

VIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Persons wfl-such persons or corporations, being proprietors of such lottery-

orders made forth, or to be made forth, as aforesaid, or any of j, p, them, who are or shall be willing and desirous to accept (in lieu s and discharge thereof) an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds percentum per annum, redeemable by parliament^ and such persons or corporations, being proprietors of the said annual sums charged or chargeable on the hereditary excise, or any of them, wfeb'ire or shall be willing and desirous to accept

(in

money, may make their subseriptions accordingly.

392 Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9. [1716.

(in lieu and discharge thereof) an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be redeemable by parliament, apd to be computed only upon one moiety of their respective principal Aims (by payment of which moieties their annual payments of three pounds per centum per annum were formerly made redeemable, as aforesaid) shall or may, by them* selves respectively, or by such person or persons as they respectively have authorized or shall authorize, by writing in this behalf, declare and signify such his, her, or their desire or option under a proper preface in the book or books to be opened for that purpose, as aforesaid, by subscribing their names and places of abode, with other proper additions, within the time and those who before-mentioned : and that such persons or corporations, be-desire ready ing proprietors of such lottery-orders made forth, or to be made forth, as aforesaid, or any of them, who are or shall be desirous to have their principal and interest grown due so be paid to them in ready money, and such persons or corporations being proprietors of the said annual sums charged or chargeable on the hereditary excise, or any of them, who are or shall be desirous to have the said moiety of the said principal sums (for which they are redeemable, as aforesaid) paid to them in ready money, shall or may also by themselves respectively, or by such person or persons as they respectively have authorized or shall authorize, by writing in this behalf, declare and signify such his, her, or their desire or option under a proper prerace in the said book or books to be opened for that purpose, by subscribing their names and places of abode with other proper additions, within the time herein before limited.

Fxccutora,&c. IX. And it is hereby enabled and declared. That all execu-SiMthofe (br tors' adniinistrators, guardians and trustees, shall and may whom they are make, or cause to be made, subseriptions in the said books, ei-entrulted. ther to have annuities or ready money, as aforesaid, for and on ;

the behalf of their respective testators, intestates, or of infants, j minors, femes covert, or others, for whom they are or shall be ■: respectively intruded, and are and shall be by virtue of this act indemnified in and for doing the fame. i

Managers to X. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid,

rebf er ? C That the said managers or directors shall, on or before the lift ,

booksTnto'the day Otlober one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, de- j Exchequer by liver or cause to be delivered the said book or books which shall the last of Oc- be opened, as aforesaid, with all the subseriptions therein, (such tober 1717. book or books being first attested under the hands and seals of two or more of the said managers or directors) to the auditor of and adupli- the receipt of the Exchequer, to remain in his office for ever* cashier of the an(* a^°> on or before *be last day of November one thou-Bank, See. by sand seven hundred and seventeen, deliver or cause to be deli-joNov. 1717. vered one duplicate (attested as aforesaid) of so much of the rreafury to said book or books as shall contain the subseriptions of those toThe ealhier w^° *ball choose the said annuities of five pounds per centum per &c. of such of annum, to the chief cashier of the governor and company of the the orders for bank of England, and a like duplicate to their accountant ge~

ncraJj

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9. 395

neral; and the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three which no fub-or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, fhalJ, before die twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hun- nm c* dred and seventeen, cause the proper officers to transmit lifts (attested by such officers) to the said chief cartiier and accountant general of the bank of England respectively, of all such of the said lottery-orders, and of all such of the said annual sums charged or chargeable on the excise, for which no such subscriptions shall be made, as aforesaid, within the time before limited; and that the said several duplicates and lifts shall «

remain in the respective offices of the chief cashier and accountant general of the said governor and company for the time being, for their better guidance in making the payments and accounts, of and for the fame annuities.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ArmnnHqf That the said accountant general for the time being shall, general to de-upon reasonable demand, deliver gratis to every proprietor of Ever to every the said lottery-orders, or any of them, and of the said annual oSSIacerd-payments charged on the hereditary excise, or any of them,

being comprehended or specified in the said duplicates or lifts by this act required to be transmitted into his office as aforesaid, or to the respective assigns of such proprietors, a certificate thereof, to be grounded on the said duplicates and lifts, or some of them, so as the lottery-order or the order charged on the excise (specified in such duplicates or lifts) be at the same time f0^such^ delivered up to the said accountant general to be cancelled and ders be deli-made void; nevertheless all the said lottery-orders so cancelled vered up to shall be preserved by the said accountant general; and that any bc caviled, person or pprfons may have recourse to the fame without fee or reward ; and the fame, or attested copies thereof, may be given in evidence in any court of law or equity.

XII. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That all and every the proprietors of the said lottery-orders, or any of them, and of the said annuities charged or chargeable on the excise, or any of them, by or from whom such subscriptions shall be made within the time herein before limited, fig- Proprietors to nifying his, her or their option or willingness to accept such annuities annuities in lieu thereof; and all and every other the proprietor ftciTof their and proprietors of the said lottery-orders charged on the yearly lottery-orders, funds before-mentioned, or any of them, and all and every the &c» proprietors of the said annual sums chargeable on the hereditary excise, or any of them, and the executors, administrators, successors and assigns of all and every the said proprietors respec-

tively, (such proprietors of the said lottery-orders and annual sums of three pounds per centum per annum, or any of them, who, by such subscriptions as aforesaid to be made within the time before limited, shall choose to be paid in ready money, only and always excepted and foreprized) shall have, receive ana enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this act, to have, receive and enjoy an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per anuumx of lawful money of Great Britain,

hk

3JW

Anno tertio Georgit I. c. 9. £ 1716.

in lieu and discharep of such their several and respective Idttery orders and annual payments, charged or chargeable as aforesaid i which annuities, after the rate of five pounds per cento* per annum, shall be computed upon the said lottery-orders, for so much as shall be due and unpaid for principal or interest at and until Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and feveft-teen inclusively, and shall be computed upon the said orders charged or chargeable on the hereditaiy excise for so much as the said moieties of the said principal Aims (for which they were made redeemable) and the arrears of the said annual sums of three pounds per centum per annum (if any such arrears be) chargeable on shall, at and until Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and Seventeen, amount unto; and that all the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable out of the monies of the said general fund of seven hundred twenty-fear thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, by this act eftab-iished, or intended to be establimed as aforesaid, by quarterly payments, at the four most usual feasts in the year, that is ta fay, the feasts of the birth of our Lord Christ, the annunciation or the blessed virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John baptist and

the

tun<

general

and payable quarterly till redeemed.

By 4 Geo. x. c. 10. ie&. 1. these annui* ties are paya-

Mhalf Pay1 ®a‘nt Ac archangel, by even and equal portions, or

e year y. after every of ttie said feast-days, for ever, or

Arrears of interest to be computed till *4 June 1717.

until redemption or redemptions thereof shall be made according to the provisoes herein after contained in that behalf.

XIII. And whereas it may happen that feme of the said subseri-

bers for annuities, at the tirfle of making their subseriptions, asj have arrears of the said interest, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annam, due to them upon computations to be made um and for the quarter ending at the feajl of the nativity of Saint John baptifi one thousand seven hundred and seventeen inclusively, it is hereby provided, declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such arrears of interest, fto be computed until and for the quarter to end at the said feast of the nativity of Saint John baptist one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, (although tome of them are payable at other feast-days) shall be paid and satisfied out of the monies of the said yearly funds, or any of them, arisen or to arise at any time before Michaeh*0 one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, without being converted into an annuity after the rate of five pounds per cztom So much of P*r annum as aforesaid.

the *,ooo,oool. XIV. And whereas the governor and company of merchants j SQ1Ch s£C Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of An*-company^ to rica> and for encouraging the fishery, are obliged,, in and by anti advance, as of this fif) ion of parliament, to advance and pay into the receipt of lb

shall actually Afojefly's Exchequer such sum and of , not

uhi"1 *be whole the sum of two m, at such times and by such pnfu-to discharge twm at a t‘me>05 ^ commissi of the y or any three u

the lot terror- more of them, or the high treasurer for the time > JhaO call fit,

den, See.in the manner thtnin mention, on or before the

t Cep. i. c. 9. if

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c.g.

39 5

^ December m thousand seven hundred and seventeen: now it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid', That the said sum of two millions, or so much thereof as shall be called for, and be actually advanced and paid by the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain into the receipt of his Majesty*s Exchequer, in pursuance of that alt, shall, by the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or by the high treasurer and under-treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf, be issued and applied for or towards the several uses and purposes herein after limited and appointed of or concerning the fame; that is to (ay, for or towards the paying off and discharging the principal monies charged or chargeable on the said lottery-funds, eveiy or any of them, and the interest payable for the fame, until the payment of the said principal to the respeltive proprietors thereof, who shall choose to be paid in ready money as aforesaid; and for or towards the paying off and difenarging the said moiety of the said principal (urns (upon payment whereof the said sums, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were formerly made redeemable as aforesaid) and all arrears which shall or may be due for or upon the said yearly sums, after the rate of three pounds per centum per arniumy computing the fame by the day until the said moieties respeltively shall be so paid off unto the respeltive proprietors thereof, who shall also choose to be paid in ready money as aforesaid ; or for or towards some of the said uses and purposes which shall require payment in ready money as aforesaid; and to and for none otner use, intent or purpose whatsoever: and that the Company to said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and have annu-their successors, for all and every sum and sums of money so to hies of si. pe be called for, and by them to be actually advanced at the Ex- “c

chequer, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled to have, receive and enjoy such annuity and annuities, after the rate of .five pounds per centum per annumy redeemable by parliament, out of such duties and revenues, or by such other Ways and means, and in such manner and form, as in and by the said other alt of this session of parliament are settled and prescribed for securing and paying the fame.

XV. And whereas the governor and company of the hank o/*Eng- s Geo.jr. c. I land are obliged, in and by another t

sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the Jum of two advanced by millions and five hundred thousand pounds, at such times and by such the Bank, as proportions at a time, as the commissioners of the treofury\ or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall be ap-

call for, in the manner therein mentioned, on or before the twenty- plied to dif-fiftp day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen: now charge the said it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the fetid lum of two millions nve hundred thousand 9*

pounds, or lb much thereof as shall be called for, and shall be

to advance and pay into the receipt <

actually

396

If it he neccf-f'ary to raise monies, above what advanced by the companies*

Treasury may at any time before or alter »9 Sept. 1717, take in fub-feriptions for annuities at $1. per cent.

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9. [1716.

actually advanced and paid by the said governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, in pursuance of that act, shall, by the faild commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer and under-treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf, be ilTued, applied and disposed for or towards the paying off and discharging the said principal monies charged or chargeable on the said lotten-liuuls, every or any of them, and the said interest payable for the fame, until payment of the principal to the respeflivc proprietors thereof, who shall choose to be paid in ready money as aforesaid; and for or towards paying off and discharging the said moieties of the said principal sums, upon payment whereof the said sums, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, are redeemable as aforesaid, and all arrears which shall or may be due for or upon the said yearly sums of three pounds per centum per annum, until the said moieties respectively shall be paid off unto the said proprietors thereof, who shall aJfo choose to be paid in ready money as aforesaid ; and for or towards the satisfying and paying off such particular debts and deficiencies as are hereafter in and by this act intended to be provided for, or fomc of them, and to none other use, intent or purpose whatsoever.

XVI. And whereat it cannot certainly be known at the making cf this act, how much money will be wanted to satisfy such proprietorsas fall chcofc to be paid in ready money as aforesaid, or those claiming under them \ and it may he necessary to raise monies (over and abm what fail have been advanced by the said companies, or either cf them, upon such calls as aforesaid) tc satisfy and pay off all the fad proprietors, who fall choose ro be paid in ready money as aforesaid, tr the claimants undtr them respeflively, whereby a speedy end may be , put to the high rates of interest and other allowances whereunto thy are at prfent entitled: now to the end the service of the publick, in relation to the premisses, may in no event whatsoever be frustrated, disappointed or prejudiced, it is hereby further i enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the commis* j fioners or the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the ! high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall find it ; necciTary to raise monies (over and above what shall have been advanced by the said companies, or either of them, upon such calls as aforesaid) to pay off and discharge all the said proprietors of the said lottery-orders, and of the said orders charged on the hereditary excise, who at any time or times, on or before the ! said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, shall appear to have made subseriptions for ready 1 money as aforesaid, That then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the , time being, at any time or times, as well before as after the ! said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred I

and

1716.] Anno tertio Georg 11 I. C; 9. 397

and seventdn, to issue their ferpeltive warrant or warrants from time to time to the proper officers in the receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving or taking into the said receipt of Exchequer such sum and sums of money, as any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, will advance and pay there for purchasing an annuity or annuities at a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annumy to be paid out of the said general fund by this act establirtied, and to be redeemable by parliament according to this act; and the said commis* and apply the fioners of the treasury or high treasurer and under-treasurer of faroe iorhp^y~ the Exchequer for the time being, are hereby authorized and {ery^deri 0t~ required to issue and apply, or cause to be issued and applied, &Ca* 9 all the monies so to be advanced for or towards paying off the principal and interest upon the said lottery-orders, or any of them, and for or towards thb paying off the said moieties and arrearages of the said annual payments of three pounds per centum per adnum, charged or chargeable on the hereditary ex* cife as aforesaid, and to and for none other ufc, intent or pur-ppfe whatsoever;

XVII. Provided always, That all the monies so to be ad- ^ot to exceed vaftced for purchasing such annuities; not exceeding the said the sum total, rate of five, pounds per centum per annum, together with tHe°nthofeor-monies which shall have been advanced by the said companies, dcr8,

or either of them, for or towards paying off the said lottery -orders, and the said monies charged or chargeable on the hereditary Cxcise, do not in the whole exceed the sum total, which shall be payable to such subseribers for ready money as aforesaid, or those claiming from or under them, according to the true meaning of this act.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Where lot*

That in all cases where the principal and interest payable on tery-orders, the said lottery-orders, or any of them, or the said moieties of vSt^ntoan-the said principal sums for which the said annual payments are nuities^ or charged on the hereditary excise, or any of them, with the ar- paid off in rearages of the fame annual payments respeltively, shall be con- ready money, verted into annuities, or be paid off in ready money, pursuant $to a

to this act, the customs, subsidies, impositions, additional and ma)<e gooj the other duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments, general fund, formerly charged therewith as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby

freed, exonerated and discharged of, from and against the fame, and shall be liable for or towards making good the said general yearly fund by this act intended to be established as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereat the sum of fix ty-one thousand seven hundred and seven pounds three fallings and two pence, or thereabouts, of principal monjes, remains unsatisfied upon the regijlcr of loans founded on the act of parliament for duties on low wines, and other things

therein mentioned, which expired on or about the twenty-fourth day 4 Ann. of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, carrying interest c. 4. after tie rate of six pounds per centum per annum : now in order to put an end to the fame high interest, it is hereby further mailed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Vot. XIII. D d lawful

398 Anno tertlo Georgii I. c.9. [1716,

Treasury may lawful to and for the said commissioners of the treasury, or any raiie farther three or mort Qf them, and to and for the high treasurer of nuUies at 5U Great Britain for the time being, to issue their rdspective warper cent, to rant or warrants to the proper officers in the reeeipt of the Expay off 61707I. chequer, for receiving and taking in at the said receipt such fur-e”thC ^er an<* sums of money, as any person or perfoas» natives 4 4# or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, will advance and

* pay for purchasing an annuity or annuities at a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, to be paid out of the said general fund by this act established, and to be redeemable by parliament according to this act; and the said commUfioners of the treasury, or high treasurer and the under-treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to issue and apply, or cause to be ifliaed and applied, all the monies so to be advanced, for or towards paying off the nn-satisfied principal and interest upon the said register of loans founded on the act lad mentioned, taking care that all the monies so to be advanced, for the purpose lad mentioned, do not exceed the sum of the principal and intered which doth or shall remain due on the said register.

And 314**191. XX. And whereas the Jum of three hundred and fourteen thou* in ad. 1 q. two hundred and nineteen pounds eleven shillings and two pence °Ann .c?6 facing, or thereabouts, ofprincipal monies remans unfotisfied upon 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. the register of loans founded on the act of parliament for duties on can-dies, which expired on or about the first day of May one theufandje-ven hundred and fifteen, carrying interest at the like rate of six pounds per centum per annum: now in order to put an end tub to the fame high intered, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, and to and for the high treasurer of Great Britan for the time being, to issue their respective warrant or warrants to the proper officers in the receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving and taking in at the said receipt such further sum and sums of money, as any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, will advance and pay for the purchasing an annuity or annuities at a rate not exceeding five pounds Oer centum per amium, to be paid out of the said general raid by tnh aft edablished, or intended to be established, and to be like-wife redeemable by parliament according to this act; and the said commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer and the under-treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to issue and apply, or cause to be ifliud and applied, all the monies so to be advanced, for or towards paying off the unsatisfied principal and interest upon the said register of loans founded on the said candle aft, taking cue that all the monies so to be advanced for the purpose last mentioned, do not exceed the sum of the principal and interest which doth or shall remain due on the fame register. jV^id77 01*!' dnd whereas the sum of five hundred seventy-seven then-

b/annuitiei find fourteen pounds sixteen /billings one penny far thing is deft-

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9. $99

dent or Wanting to make good the publick granted to his - *! to

jestyinthe M session of parliament,(of which {ftgS

area thirty-four thousand two hundred thirty-nine pounds nine shillings supplicsgrant-one penny three farthings is to he applied towards difckarging the debt ed the hit fef-afth ' navy, as it food on the one and thirtieth day of December one fl0n of parlh-thousand Jiven hundred and sixteen:) now for the better preserv-tag the publick credit, and ceasing such interest as is now pay- '**

^ble for any part of the said sum so deficient, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain For the time being, to issue their respective warrant or warrants to the proper officers in the receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving fend taking in at the said receipt such further sum or sums of fhoney, not exceeding five hundred seventy-seven thousand fourteen pounds sixteen shillings and one penny farthing, as any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, will advance and pay for purchasing an annuity or annuities after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum ; which annuity or annuities shall be paid out of the said general fund by this a<& established or intended to be established, and shall Ufcewife be redeemable by parliament according to this felt; and the said commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer and under-treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, ore hereby authorized and required to issue and apply, or cause to bt issued and applied, all the said monies not exceeding five hundred seventy-seven thousand fourteen pounds sixteen shillings and one penny farthing, so to be advanced, for the use and service of the publick in the said office of the navy, and such other publick offices, as are deficient of their (upplies which were granted or intended to be granted in the last session of parliament.

XXII. And whereas the sum of twenty-four thousand one hundred And *4>?9jl-and ninety-five hounds eighteen shillings and two pence rejis unsatisfied * *^iti!>n '*** upchfiveral bills of exchange drawn for the service of the late expe- Canada! ditien to Canada: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the com mif-iioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, to issue their warrant dr warrants to the proper officers in the receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving and taking in at the said receipt such further sum or sums of money, not exceeding twenty-four thousand one hundred ninety-five pounds eighteen shillings and two pence, as any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, will advance and pay for purchasing an, annuity or annuities, after a rate not exceeding four pounds per eentum per annum j which annuity or annuities shall also be paid out of the said general fund by this act established or intended to be establUhed, and shall likewise be redeemable by parliament'according to this act; and the said commissioners of the Veafuryi or high-treasurer and under-treasurer of the Exche-

D d 2 quej:

to

400 Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9.' [171&

quer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to issue or came to be issued all the said monies, not exceeding twenty-four thousand one hundred ninety-five pounds eighteen shillings and two pence, so to be advanced, by way of imprest and upon account, for fatigfying the said bills of exchange 3 and the proper officers in the respective offices for paying the same bills are hereby enjoined and required to take efpedal care that the drawers of the said bills be duly charged with the monies for which they were drawn, or such of the said monies as are not or shall not be duly accounted for, before such payment of the said bills.

As (oon as XXIII. Provided always, andlt is hereby enacted,, That as it advanced^ ^oon as reacty money shall be advanced, fumcient to pay off all pay off prin- or any the principal lums, or the moieties of the principal films cipaV&c.pub- by this act intended to be paid off, with the interest or arrears of lick notice to the annuity attending the fame respectively, publick notice interest to^ thereof shall be given by writing, to be openly fet up at the ecafe. Exchequer, and advertised in the London Gazette 3 and the

ready money so advanced shall be reserved and kept in bank a! the Exchequer for the persons or corporations entitled thereunto 3 but from the time of such notice given the said interest, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, and the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds- per centum per annum, of such persons and corporations respectively, shall Cease and determine.

Purchasers of XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, annuities to That all and every person and persons, natives or foreigners, have tallies of bodies politick ana corporate, who in pursuance of this act Sol\&c. shall advance and pay into the Exchequer any sum or sums of money, for purchasing an annuity or annuities at such respective rates, as aforesaid, shall upon his, her or their advancing and paying the fame, have and receive from the proper officers in the said Exchequer, a talley or tallies of SoP for the money so advanced or paid; and that all and every such person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, his, her ana their executors, administrators, successors and assigns respectively, for every sum so advanced and paid, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by this adfc to have, receive and enjoy* art annuity or annuities, after the rate to be specified in the' (hid respective warrants of the commissioners of the treasury, or high treafuter for the time being, so as the fame do not exceed the respective rate or rates by this act prescribed, and in 'such respective warrant or warrants to be expressed, as aforesaid, out Annuitieshow of the monies of the said general fund of seven hundred'twenty-10 be paid. four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, by tnis aft established or intended to be established, as aforesaid3 and that such annuity and annuities for such monies so to be advanced, shall be paid and payable to the respective person and persons, bpdies politick and corporate, their executors, administrators,

successors

TjiGJ Anno terrio Georgii I. c. 9. 401

fecccflbrs and assigns respectively, in manner following; that is to say. The first payment or payments of such annuity or annuities so to be purchased shall be computed by the day, and fa* tisfied from the day or respective days on which the monies so to be advanced, or any part or parts thereof, shall be advanced and paid into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, until the quarterly feast-day, or respective quarterly feast-days then nextenfuing; and from thenceforth the fame annuity or annuities so to be purchased shall be paid and payable at the four most usual feasts or days of payment in the year aforementioned, by even and equal portions, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the proviso herein after contained in that behalf.

XXV. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid. The account-That in the office of the accountant general of the governor andant general of company of the bank of England for the time being, there shall k^p tooks°of be provided and kept a book or books, in which mall be fairly the annuities entred the names of all and every person and persons, corpora- for which fub~ tion and corporations whatsoever, who shall be entitled to thefedphons shall said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy s^gco^i* in lieu and diltharge of any such lottery-onlers and annual pay- c % .\ 13. U menu out of the excise, as aforesaid ; and the names of all

such persons and corporations, who upon producing to the said comptroller the fald tallies of SoF respectively, shall appear to be entitled to the said annuities to be purchased at the several rates aforesaid, for monies to be by them advanced and paid into the Exchequer, puffuant to this act; and the several and

respective annuities whereunto the aforesaid persons and corpo- ..........

rations respectively shall be' so entitled ; to which book it shall be lawful for all persons concerned from time to time, at all ieafimable times, to have free access, and to inspedt the fame, without fee or charge; and the said accountant general for the and transmit a time being shall, on or before the five and twentieth day of De- ^ExcSwuo' eember one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, transmit an by ,5 Dec attested duplicate or duplicates fairly written on paper, of the 17x7. book or books last mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Annuities a That the respective proprietors, who are to have, receive and sure estate. enjoy the said several annuities pursuant to this act, his, her or

their executors, administrators, successors and assigns respectively, shall have good and sure estates and interests therein for ever, subject to the provisoes or conditions of redemption in this act afterwards contained concerning the fame, and to no former provisoes or power of redemption whatsoever.

. XX VII. And it is hereby enacted, That as well the said Annuities free annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, pay- from taxes* able in lieu and discharge of the"faid lottery-orders, and of the said annual sums formerly charged upon the excise, as also the said annuities to be purchased on this act at the several rates aforesaid, for monies to be advanced at the Exchequer, as afore-

Dd 3 said,

4oa Anno terdo Georgii L c.$: [17161

said, and all and every the principal Turns for which the said fc-veral annuities are to be payable, or whereupon they shall be computed, pursuant to this act, and every of them, shall be free from all taxes, charges and impositions whatsoever*

XXVIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the au-Bank to m- thority aforesaid, That the governor and company of the bank ploy a Ton of England shall, from time to time, until the said annuities and account- re<kcmed ty parliament according to this act, appoint

ant general. and employ one sufficient person within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier, and one other fu& ficient person within the Tame office to be their accountant general ; and that so mu^h of the monies of the said general yearly fund of seven hundntd twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds fi# shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum> as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the Turns which shall grow due, from time to time, for or upon all the said several and respective annuities by this act appointed or intended to be paid by the said cashier of the bank for the time being, shall by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or of the high trea-furcr, and under-treasurer of the Exchequer of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the time being, without any former or other warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that bdialf, be from time to time, quarterly, as aforesaid, issued and paid at the said receipt of Exchequer to the said first or chief cashier of the said governor and company of the bank of England^ and of Their office, {heir successors for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the fame annuities at such times, and in such manner and form, as are by this act prescribed in that behalf, with preference to ail other payments which (haO or may hereafter be charged upon the said general fund, or upon the said duties or revenues liable to make good the fame, until the redemption of the said annuities according to this act; and that all and every such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said monies shall from time to time be issued* shall, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his accounts thereof, according to the due course of the Exchequer; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And it is hereby also enacted, That7 the said accountant general for the time being shall, from time to time, inspedt and examine all the said receipts and payments of the said cashier, and the vouchers relating thereunto, m order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that all and every These annul- the persons and corporations whatsoever, who shall be entitled rApcr- to any ^amc annuft|CS so to be payable by the cashier of

and not HaWe t*ie f°T time being, pursuant to this act,

to foreign and all persons lawfully claiming under them shall be possessed attachment, thereof as a personal estate, ana the fame shall not be defeeud-able to the heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. g; 403

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all the principal monies for which the said several and re-

spective annuities shall be payable by the said cashier of the The principal bank of England for the time being, shall be deemed, reputed ™°"ics and taken to be one capital or joint-stock, on which the said an- caplul^otk nuities shall be attending; and that all persons and corporations, p 9

in proportion to their respective annuities, shall have a share in such Hock; and that all such shares shall be alfignable, transfer-lable and devifeable, in the same manner as is prescribed by a d or acts of parliament made in the first year of his Majesty's afllgnaWe,5:c. reign, touching the annuities after the rate of five pounds per , ,7..*°* unium ptr annum therein mentioned; and that no stamp-duties ~

whatsoever shall be chargeable on such transfers; and that the No (bmps on laid governor and company of the bank of Englandf, (notwith- transfers, fhmdrag the redemption ot all or any of their own funds or an- fa^o^t^l an-nuities in pursuance of the acts for ellablilhing the fame, or any nuities re-of them) mall continue a corporation, to all intents and pur- deemed, pofcs, relating only to the receiving, paying or accounting for the said annuities lo payable by their cashier, till the fame shall be redeemed by parliament according to this act; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any members thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall or may be demanded

or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for receiving or pay- No fees for ing such monies as shall be advanced at the Exchequer for the paying <>-purposes aforesaid, or for any tallies, or other matters concerning the fame, or for issuing the said general fund of seven hun- Jiccs1! ^ ~

died twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per chtxtnu or any part thereof, or for paying the said several and respective annuities, or any of them, by the said cashier for the time being; and that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance Jf this act, upon pain, that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to thlj ad,

shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, 1 ? be recovered with full colls in any of his Majesty's courts <■* record at IVistminster.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That ir.e commUfioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to pay and allow, or cause to be paid r-*vr> and allowed, out of the monies arising of or for the said general al . .i. yearly fund, as sforesaid, such salaries and allowances as they c ^ ^ shall think rcafbnatfle, as well to the said managers and direct- executing ors, as to the said cashier and accountant general for the time ad. being, for their pains and service respedivdy, in performance

of the several trulls in them reposed by this act; and to allow and pay out of the fame money all other charges for books, under*clerks, or other matters or things which shall be necefla-jrily incident in or for the execution of this act.

D d 4 XXXII. And

404

Intcrefl of 4I. percent, to be paid out of the general fund on army debentures of this session.

13 Geo. i.c.3.

Proviso for redemption of all the annuities upon repayment of the principal by parliament.

Another pro-vilo for redemption upon payment of the principal by parcels, not being lets than 5oo,ocol. at a . time.

Anno fertio Georgii I. e.gl [1716,

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, payable from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand (even hundred and seventeen, on the debentures authorized to be made forth by an act of this session of parliament for dating and determining debts due to the army, shall from time to time, as the fame shall become due and payable, during the continuance thereof, be satisfied and paid out of the monies of the said general fund by this act established or intended to be established, as aforesaid, and shall be ioiprelted, from time to time, to the paymafler of the forces for that purpose.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the

authority aforesaid. That at any time, upon notice to be given or left at the publick office of the governor and company of the bank of England, by authority of parliament, at any of the said quarterly feast-days for payment of the said annuities, and upon repayment by parliament of the respecUve principal sums for which the said annuities shall be payable by the said cashier of the bank for the time being, and whereupon the said respective annuities arc to be computed, as aforesaid, to fuchre-spective persons and corporations as shall be entitled to the said annuities, according to such interest as they respectively flull then have in the said annuities, and a!fo upon full payment and fat is faction of all arrears of the said annuities, if any (hallhe then due, then and not till then, the fame annuities shall cease and determine; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 1

XXXIVr. And in regard it is intended, 'That upon such notice to be given at any quarterly fcafi-day, all the principal monies for which the said annuities fall he payable, may be satisfied by any payments, net being hfs than five hundred thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain at a time, and that as the said principal monies Jbad be paid off, the said annuities, and the capital stock far the fame,/ball proportionably fink and be abated; be it therefore further provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time or limes notice shall be given or left at any of the said quarterly feast-days by authority of parliament, for redemption of the said annuities by this act payable by the cashier of the bank, as aforesaid; and if payment after such notice given be made by parliament to the respective persons and corporations as shall be then entitled to the said annuities, according to such sdpedive interests as they shall have in the said annuities, of- any sum or sums of money, not being less than five hundred thou* sand pounds to all the proprietors at a time in part of the re? spective principal sums for which the said annuities shall be payable, as aforesaid; as also if payment be made of all arrearages then due to them of the fame annuities, or fd much of those.arrearages as shall bear a proportion to the principal monies, from time to time^ remaining unsatisiied, being computed till the time of every such payment of part of the principal refpc<ftively, then from and after every such payment so made, so much of \ the

171:6.3 Anfto tertk) Georgi'i I. c.g" 4°5

the said annuities as shall bear proportion to'the monies lb paid in part of the said principal, shall cease, determine and be abated; any thing in this, or in any former act or acts of parliament, or other matter or thing whatibever to the contrary not-swithstanding.

XXXV. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the autho-

rity afbwfaid. That any vote or resolution of the house of commons, signified by their speaker in writing, to be delivered at the publick office of the governor and company of the bank of Englaniy shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient notice within the words and meaning of this act ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI, And whereas in and by an act of this session of parlia- ^^house of menty for redeeming feveredfunds of the governor and company of the commons, fig-bank of England, (amongjt other things) it is declared and enactedy nified by their That the excess or surplus y which at the end of every or any quarter of $*.&**> * (ufr a year (reckoning the quarters to end at the four moji usual feajl-days q^,cJ* therein mentioned) shall and may he produced by the feverat ratety Ct l# duties*, revenues and incomes thereby appropriated, or mentioned to be 3 qco> u appropriated as is therein exprejfedy and shall remain in the Exchequer

(over and above the moneys then due and dcmandable for or upon the several annuitiety allowances, and other payments by that act payable, or any arrears of the fame) shall extend to the difpofttion of parliament, and be applied according to act or efts of parliament, and not otherwise ; and in and by another act of this session of parliament, for re-deeming' the yearly fund of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other parti of America, and for encouraging the fishery, (amongst other things) ' it is enactedy That if at any time or timesy at the end of any quarter of a year (reckoning the quarters to end at the usual feasts therein also 1 Geo,1,c* 7* mentioned) there shall be an excess or surplus of the monies broughtl# ,4" into the Exchequer, of the rateSy duties, impofiiions and revemtes % and proportional parts of them, or any of them in that act mentionv fdy and such excess and Jurphis shall remain there over and above the money then or-before that time grown due, by or in pursuance of that afty for such annual and other payments as are thereby preferibedy then and, fa often, and in every such case, such excess or surplus shall, from Jimeto time, attend the difpofttion of parliament, and be applied according to act or acts of parliamenty and not otherwifa: now it is hereby also enacted by. the authority aforesaid, That the excess tot surplus, which at the end of every or any quarter of a year,

(reckoning the quarters to end at the four most usual feast-days .before-mentioned) shall and may be pipduced by the customs, subsidies, impositions, additional and other duties, proportional -parts of duties, and by the said weekly and other payments by JP16****? °* this present act appropriated-or charged to make good the said qu^er to hcT general yearly fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight clifpofcable by hundred forty-nine pounds six shillings and ten pence and one parliament, (fifth part of a penny, in and by this act established or intended Scc 5 Geo* I to be established, as aforesaid, over and above so much as shall c*3* * z*

J>e sufficient to make good the fame, and so much of the fame

general

40 6

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. p.

t*7*&

general yearly fund as at the end of any quarter of a year, u aforesaid, {hail remain in the receipt of the Exchequer, ever and above all the monies then due or payable, to diKaane the said several annuities and other payments by this act directed to be Satisfied out of the fame, and all arrears thereof (if any such be) shall likewise, from time to time, attend the dlfposition of parliament, and be applied according to act or acts of pallia* ment, and not otherwise.

XXXVII. And be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to arise, from time to time, as well of or for the said excess or surplus by virtue of the fiud act made for redeeming the funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, and of or for the foid excels or surplus. by virtue of the foid act made for redeeming the funds of the ftid

Overplus me- governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to nies to be cm- the South-Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging j!®y*d for the the fishery, as also of and for the said excess or surplus ox ths foid duties and revenues, by this act appropriated, as afon&id, debts, incur- *°d the said overplus monies of the fold general yearly fluid by red before »j this act established or intended to be established, as afonfoid, Soi kll6'M 1* appropriated, reserved and employed, to and for the

pointed by fu- dischargingthe principal and interest of such national debts and tare acts.7 * incumbrances as were incurred before the five and twentieth See $ Geo. i. day of Dumber one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and c-4* are declared to be national debts, and are provided for by act

of parliament, in such manner and form as shall be dimmed or appointed by any future act or acts of parliament to be discharg* ed therewith or out of the fame, and to and for none other trie, intent or purpose whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And whereas tonnage and poundage

in the twelfth year of the reign of his late King Charles the Second, and the boot of ratos thereto annexed, and by ether aftsof parliament finte made and now in forte, several duties are payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fiuceffors, for and upon linseed

and it having been found by experience that thife duties art adtfab rage ment to the importation thereof, and that they be defiant* ss Car. s. c. 4. nuedand taken off", the fame would tend to the fervite of the wooden

and other mmsfaftures,and to the improvement of tillage in tin kingdom: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to import linseed into this kingdom, without paying to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccedbrs, any custoas, tubfidy or other duties for the fame $ any thing in the foid act of tonnage and poundage, or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in any wise notwith (landing.

XXXIX. And whereas in and by the act of tonnage and poundage,

and the said kook of rates, which act has been by several subsefwot acts of parliament continued, and is now in force, a duty offix is payable upon the exportation of every piece of linen cloth of British manufacture made of hemp or fax, fine or not exceeding forj

Linseed ms: be import! duty-free.

4°7

1716.J' Anno terrio Georgii I. c. 9.

Us (extept British -madefail-cloth., which by lout is be

reported dutyfree:) and whereas the said duty is a difeouragmesst tt the said mennfaShtre which employs massy of the poor of

this kingdom \ be it further eroded by the authority aforesaid, _

That from and after the said first day of one thousand fe- ** ven hundred and seventeen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to export out of this kingdom, to parts beyond the seas, all forts of linen cloth of the manufacture of this kingdom, which shall be made of hemp or flax, whether line or coarse, free of all duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors; any thing in the said act of tonnage and poundage, or any other ad, or any thing to the contrary there-' of in any wise notwithstanding.

. XI*. Provided always, and be it hereby further eroded. That British linen ail drawbacks, allowances and abatements granted or eroded may be ex-CO be made by any act or acts of parliament now in force, upon P01^ dtp?-, or out of any duties upon any goods or merchandises imported Ite‘ or exported, shall be and continue, and are hereby continued, untH the duties on which such allowances, drawbacks or abatements are granted or eroded to be made, shall respectively cease and dettpnnine,

XLI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All draw-all thy monies lent to his Majesty at the receipt of Exche- baclc.s* quer. Upon credit of a vote or reiblution of the house of com- cetfrr toons, made and pa (lied on or about the fifth day of March one 1 thousand seven hundred and sixteen, not exceeding six hundred thousand pounds, for the service of the publick, by feaor land, which Itans, with the interest thereof, were appointed to be transferred to the register upon the ad, intituled, An an foe f granting un did to his Mqcfty by a land-tax in Great Britain, for propriatin^Su the ferpictof the year one thousand seven hundred and , and the mbnieii

all other the monies lent ana to be lent to his Majesty upon that granted this act, and fo‘ much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby jession of par-granted, as shall arise and remain after all the loans made or to c

be made on that ad, or thereby transferred, or directed to be 3 transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said tax, shall be satisfied, or monies (efficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame; and ail the monies lent and to be lent to his Majesty upon an act of this fession of parliament for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service* of the year one thou-fkrtd seven hundred and seventeen, and so much of the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain (if any such be) after ail the loans made or to be made on the fame ad, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, 3 Geo. t. c. 4. and the charges thereby allowable for raising the fame duties, shall be satisfied, or monies sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several uses, intents and purposes hercip expressed, subject nevertheless to such restric-

tions

408

Ordinary of the navy.

Office of ordnance.

Land-force*.

Anno tertio Georgii I. c.g' [1716:

tions as are herein after prescribed; that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared. That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided, as aforesaid, there shall or may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of nine hundred foity-seven thousand five hundred and sixty pounds five shillings and three pence, for or towards the naval services following; that is to say, for or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half-pay to sea-offioers; and for or towards visual, wages, wear and tear .of the navy, and victualling thereof, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards sea*service in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed; and for and towards extraordinary works and repairs of his Majesty's navy, and fumi(hing such lea-stores as are necessary for the fame, and other services of the navy and transports, performed and to be performed j and any sum not exceeding seventy-three thousand seventy-seven pounds nine shillings and three pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance, for or towards land-services performed and to be performed ; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million two hundred seventy-three thousand nine hundred and ten pounds nine shillings and six pence, for* or towards maintaining his Majesty's land-forces, and other services herein after expressed; that is to say, for or towards maintaining guards, garrisons, and other his Majesty's land-forces in Great Britain, Jersey, and Guernsey, for die year one thousand seven hundred and (even-teen ; and for or towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and ! garrisons in his Majesty's plantations in America, for the year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for or towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in Mtnercay for the year one thousand (even hundred and seventeen; and for or towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in G/-braltar, for the year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for or towards half-pay, for the year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, upon account, to the officers of tht land-forces, and marines disbanded, being his Majesty's natural-born subjecU, or naturalized; and for or towards the pay of invalids, from the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, to the twenty-fifth day of 2)/-eember one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for or towards provisions for the garrison of Gibraltar, for the year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for or towards completing the pay of fix battalions of foot, hired from the bir (hop of Munjler and duke of Saxe~Gotha, to supply the place of such troops as, during the late rebellion, should be drawn from the garrisons of the Statet-General of the United Provinces to aftift his Majesty, pursuant to the treaties in that behalf made with the said princes; and for or towards making up the full pay of the general officers with their aids de camp and majors of brigade, during the time they served in Nerth Britain, and upon account of extraordinary forage, provisions, carriages, and

fcyeral

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c.9. 409

Several extraordinary expences of the forces in their march from Stifling, and pursuit of the rebels into the Highlands^ and the? neighbouring islands; and for or towards replacing a sum of ten thousand pounds iflured out of the appropriated revenues of North-Britain, to his grace the duke of Argyle, then general and Commander in chief of his Majesty's forces there, by his Majesty's warrant, dated the eighth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for or towards the pay of three? independent companies in North Britain, from the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen to the thirty-first day of March following, with the bounty-money-upon their diioanding; and for or towards the pay of one lieu* tenant, one ensign, five non-commissioned officers and forty private men, taken to reinforce the castle of Edinburgh, from the twenty fifth day of July one thousand seven. hundred and fifteen to the fifteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, with the bounty-money upon their disbanding; and for or towards the subsistence of the rebel prisoners taken at Brecon to the thirty-first day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and for or towards their subsistence and contingent expences for the year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for or towards the subsistence of the three hundred fifty-three rebel prisoners, subsisted by the magistrate* of Glafgm to the twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for or towards half-pay to the officers of the late regiments of foot commanded by brigadier James Douglas and Sir James Wood, late in the service of the States*

General, from the twenty-fifth of April one thousand seven Rebel prifoo* hundred and seventeen to the twenty-fourth of December fol- ers. lowing; and for answering other extraordinary services relating to his Majesty's land-forces ; and any sum not exceeding two hundred and tifty thousand pounds, for enabling his Majesty to concert such measures with foreign princes and states, as may prevent any charge or apprehenfious from the designs of Sweden for the future; and any sum not exceeding five thousand five hundred seventy-nine pounds fifteen shillings and three pence half-penny, to make good the Losses and damages which his Majesty's subjects sustained by reason of the tumultuous and rebellious proceedings in several counties, which lodes and damages are found by inquisitions taken upon commissions issued Treaties with out of his Majesty's Exchequer; and any sum not exceeding foreign prin-one hundred sixty-six thousand five hundred and two pounds cc##

-five shillings ana seven pence three farthings, /or or towards enabling the treasurer of the navy to make good the payments Lofiesby tu-which in the year ending at Chrijtmas one thousand seven hun- nault*. dred and seventeen, (if any) may be demanded of him, pursuant to any former act or acts of parliament for completing the funds of six hundred and eight thousand pounds per annum ^ payable to the South-Sea company; and that the aids or supplies jrunc|t of the provided as aforesaid* shall not be issued or applied to any use, ibuth-sea

intent company.

4i*

Anno tertio GeoSGii I. C. io.' £1716*

intent or pur pole whatsoever, other than towards the nfes and porposes afore-mentioned.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no appropriation, or other matter or thing in this act contained, shall obstrudt or hinder any payment or payments which, by and in pursuance of an act made in the fim year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for enlarging the capital stock and yearh fund of the South-Sea company \ and for supplying thereby eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four shillings and eight pence to publick uses \ and for raising one hundred sixty-nine thousand pounds for the like uses9 by sale of annuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned j and for appropriating ft-Proviso for veral supplies granted to his Majesty> are or mail be required and the South-Sea authorized to be made by the treasurer or paymaster or the navy ju for *be time being, or by any other persons to be intrusted with c. »t. ' the publick monies for the service of the navy, out of such publick monies, tallies, orders or parliamentary securities in their hands or power respectively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make gooo any deficiency or deficiencies to the j governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and otner parts of America, and for encouraging the fiflieiy, or to their treasurer for their use; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. and for the XLIII. Provided also, That such sums as by any other act of commissioners this session of parliament shall be payable to any commissioners of accounts* for taking, examining and dating the debts aue to the anny,

for their salaries, or for their clerks or other incident charges, shall and may be paid out of the aids or supplies aforesaid, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary not* Withdanding.

CAP. X.

An act for the better colie Sing and levying the revenue of the tenths of the clergy.

XXJT H E R E A S her late most gracious majesty Queen Anne, ;«

* * her royal bounty to the poor clergy of the church ^England, and pursuant to and by virtue of an act of parliament made in tbife* a ft j Ann. cond year of her Majcjbfs reign, intituled, An act for making more c. xi. effectual ner Majesty's gracious intentions for the augmentation

of the maintenance of the poor clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity the revenues of the fird-fruits and tenths; and also for enabling other persons to make grants for the fam?

Iiurpose, did in and by her letters patents under toe great seal 0/Eng-and, bearing date the third day of November in the third year of her Majeshfs reign, make % nominate, constitute and appoint the per-'fins therein namedy to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of the governors of tin bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, with such powers and authorities as are therein mentioned and expressed; and did in and by the fold letters patents give and grant unto the said governors of the bounty of

Queen

17 r 6.] Anno tmio GioRGfti L c. 10. 411

JgtaaA Anne /ir the augmentation of thi maintenance of the poor clergy, and their successirs, all the revenues of the firffifruits and yearly perpetual tenths of all dignities, offices, benefices and promotions Spiritual whatsoever payable to her Majesty, her heirs and successors, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament whatsoever, and all arrears of the fend fird-fruits and tenths (except as therein is excepted) to be applied and dsffofed of by the fend governors thereby constituted to and for such ends, tntents and purposes, as in and by the said letters patents are contained and directed: and whereas the laws now in force relating to the collection and payment of that part of the said revenue, called the perpetual yearly tenths, are in feme cases defective, and in many in-fiances are found to be inconvenient and improper to be put in execution, by reason whereof her late Majestfs said gracious intentions cannot so well and effectually be answered as they might be, if some new provisions and regulations were" made and established fer the more easy and expeditious levying and paying the said perpetual yearly tenths: for remedy therefore of such defects and incooveniencies, and to the end that the said governors may be the better enabled to execute the trust in.them reposed, and the poor clergy may, with greater case and advantage, receive the benefit of the said royal bounty; be it enacted by the King's most excellent tnajesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by authority of the fame. That the most reverend the archbishops, and the The arch-right reverend the bishops of England, whb by the statute made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, charged from intituled. The billfyr the first fruits, with the yearly pensions to the receiving the King, and by other subsequent statutes, are constituted and ap- perpetual pointed collectors of the said revenue of the perpetual yearly tenths within their several dioceses respectively, and charged1 * * ' with the receipt and payment of such collection, and made accountable for the fame, from and after the twenty sixth day of December last past, be, and each and every of them hereby is clearly exempted, acquitted and discharged of and from the levying, collecting and receiving within their and each of their proper and respective dioceses, the said perpetual yearly tenths from thenceforth accruing, of all dignities, offices, benefices and promotions spiritual, and of and from being chargeable with, and accountable for the receipt and collection of the fame, by force or reason of any of the said statutes; the said statute of King Henry the Eighth, or any other statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That There (halt b from and after the said twenty sixth day of December there (hallone <?>U«^or be one collector or receiver of the said perpetual yearly tenths ofappointed, all dignities, offices, benefices and promotions spiritual whatsoever, granted to the said corporation of the governors ofth# bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, by the said first recited act and letters patents (which have not been legally discharged by any act or acts of parliament since made, or otherwise) from time to time to be ^ nominated

412 Anno tertio Georgii I. aroi “ [*71$.

who shall col- nominated and appointed, which said collector, os' receiver (hah leO all money, an(j ^ hereby charged and chargeable to levy, collect and re-

dimity,1 &c "w ccwc* all such linns of money, wherewith all and every such chargeable, dignities, offices, benefices and promotions spiritual, are charged and pay the and chargeable for and towards the payment of the said perpe-fame into the tua] yCariy tenths, and shall pay and content the said Aims of xc equer, monCy yearly unto the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in such manner and form as is herein after mention* ed; and every such collector and receiver, and his lands and tenements, shall be and (land charged and chargeable for the sure and true payment of such sums of money as he shall collect and receive of the said perpetual yearly tenths accordingly j- and that such collector or receiver shall, from time to time, be nominat-Sfimedhtthec^ an<* aPP°^nte(l by hi* Majesty, his heirs and fucceilors, by *" v e his or their letters patents under the great seal of Great Britain* and that immediately after such nomination and appointment, for the due ex- and before he takes upon him the execution of his said office^ coition of his ^^y such collector or receiver shall take his corporal oath for the due and faithful execution of his said office before any (even or more of the governors aforesaid for the time being, in a general court of the said corporation (who are hereby authorized and required to give and administer the said oath from time to and give fecu- time accordingly ; ) and that every such collector or receiver shall likewise give security to the said corporation, or to such perfoa or persons as they in their general court shall appoint, for his true and just accounting for, and payment of all and every sum and sums of money which he shall receive by virtue of the said office, and for the due and faithful execution and discharge of his said office, as the governors at a general court of the said corporation at any time before his taking upon him the execution of the said office shall order, direct and appoint; and alfe Th u t*iat c°Ne<^or or receiver of the said perpetual yearly tenths appointed, as aforesaid, shall and may lawfully, and is here-

j in powered io . * * , i , ___j j /lij __

and shall be chargeable with the fame,

ing, and take an oath

ntjr

receive the said revenue, and give acquittances.

by authorized and impowered to colled! and receive the Arid revenue, and to give acquittances under his hand to the several and respective person or persons paying the fame; whose acquittance or acquittances shall be a full and sufficient discharge to all persons paying the said perpetual yearly tenths, or any part thereof, for so much as they shall respectively pay unto such collector or receiver (for every of which acquittances the sum of six pence, and no more, shall be paid) which said collector or receiver shall keep his office in feme convenient plaQe within the cities of London or Westminster, and shall give attendance for receipt of the said perpetual yearly tenths at such time or times as the said governors of the bounty of Qpeen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor cleroy, in their Westminster^court shall order, direct and appoint, between the feast of the birth of our Lord Christ. and the hft day of April yearly $ of and puSeof * ^ l*mes and place due notice shall be given by the Aid

payment to be governors in the London Gazette yearly, by the space of one week

at

He shall keep his office in London or

1716.] Anno tcrrio Georgii I. c. 10. 413

at least before the ftid feast-day, whereof every archbishop, given in the hilhop and incumbent of any dignity, office, benefice or promo-tionspiritual, is and shall be obliged to take notice, and to ob- e# serve the fame accordingly in the payment of his and their respective rates, shares and proportions of the said perpetual yearly tenths, wherewith they or any of them shall be charged or chargeable, without any further notice to be given them by way of summons, demand, or otherwise; and in default thereof to forfeit to the King's majesty, his'heirs and successors, fuchfum or sums of money as shall amount to double the value of the said ment. P tenths j and that every such collector or receiver shall make payments of the said tenths, and shall pass his accounts for the collector

fame, at such time and times, and in such manner as the said archbishops and bithops were ordered and directed in and by the zs h. s. c. 3* several acts of parliament made for that purpose in the twenty 31H. 8. c. 47^ sixth and thirty second years of the reign of King Henry the 7 E&.6. c.4. Eighth, and or the seventh year of the reign of King Edward ~ the Sixth.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- notparl said. That if any archbishop or bishop, or any incumbent of jnJ

any dignity, office, benefice or promotion spiritual, or any other leftorftiallcer-person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, charged or lt into the chargeable with the payment of the said perpetual yearly tenth andbeailowed or tenths respectively, shall not pay or duly tender the fame it on hit ac-yearly, before the last day of April lucceeding the feast of the counts, nativity of our Lord Christ, whereon the fame shall become due, that upon certificate thereof made by the collector or receiver on or before the hrft day of June following, the said collector or receiver shall be allowed upon his account all such sums of moneys as any archbishop, bishop or incumbent, or other against whom such certificate shall be made, should or ought to have paid ; and that then in every such case, the treasurer, chancellor and * barons of the King's Exchequer for the time being, shall devise, ' direct and issue upon every such certificate, such process out or ‘the King's Exchequer, as to them shall seem proper and reason- to.b?

able, against every such archbishop, bishop or incumbent, or as^ke

other against whom such certificate shall be made, his and their defaultinpay* executors or administrators, whereby such portion and part of ment. the said yearly tenth, wherewith any such archbishop, bishop or incumbent, or other, is or shall be charged, and which shall be unpaid, as aforesaid, shall be truly levied, answered, satisfied and paid into the hands of the said collector or receiver; and all and every sum and sums of money so levied, answered and paid, the said collector or receiver shall bring to account, and charge himself therewith, from time to time, in his next account after he shall have received the fame.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing This act shall in this act contained shall extend, or be taken or construed to arch^2* exonerate or discharce any archbishop, bishop, or any other bishop,&c. far person or persons, before the making of this act liable to the col- monies unac-ledting, accounting for, and answering the said perpetual year- counted for.

Vo*. XIII. Ec Jy

414 Anno tertio Georgii I. c. ir. [1716*

ly tenths, or any part thereof, for any sura or sums of money wherewith he or they v^ere and are respectively charged or chargeable, and not duly answered and accounted for before the making of this act: and that the &id statute made in the said f'hC twenty sixth year of the reign of the said King Henry the Eighth,

remun in and all and every other laws, statutes and iprovisions, touching

force. or concerning the imposing, charging, alleffine and levying, and

the true answering and payment of the fiiil-fruits, and of the said tenths, or touching the charge, discharge or alteration of them, or any of them, or any matter or thing relating thereunto, which were in force at the time of the making of this present act, and not hereby or herein before altered or repealed, shall be, remain and continue in their full force and effect, and shall hereafter be observed and put in due execution, according to the tenor and puiport of the fame, and every of them, in all things, excepting such as are in and by this act altered or repealed.

This act shall V. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contain-not avoid any cd, shall not extend to avoid or any way impeach or affect any grant, exchange, alienation, or incumbrance at any time heretofore made of or charged upon the said revenue of the perpetual yearly tenths, or any part thereof, but that the fame and every of them during the continuance of such grant, exchange, alienation or incumbrance respectively, shall be and remain of and in the lame force, virtue, and enedt, as if this act had never been made.

CAP. XI.

5 Ann. 1. and

9 Ann. c.

An act to explain and amend several laws therein mentioned\ for the better preservation of the game.

* TX 7 HERE AS by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of VV her late majesty fpueen Anne, intituled, An act for the better preservation of the game, it is enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any lord or lady of his or her respective lordship or manor, by writing under his or her hand and feat, to tmpower his or her game-keeper or game-keepers, upon his or her own lordship or manor to kill hare, pheasant, partridge, or any other game whatsoever-, which power of appointing several game-keepers in the fame manor with power to kill gamey was found by experience to tend very much to the defiruRion of the game of this kingdom : for the preventing whereof by one other act of the ninth year of the reign of ber Jjm late majesty ^uecn Anne, intituled, An act for making the act of the fifth year of her Majesty's reign, for the better preservatioD of the game, perpetual, and for making the same more effedtu-al, it was cnaRedy That no lord or lady of any manor shall make, eon-Jlitutey or appoint, above one person to he a game-keeper within any one manor, with power or authority to kill or defiroy the game thereof \ and that the name of such person so to be authorized to kill the game, /bally from time to time9 he entred with the clerk of the peace of the county, ridingy or division9 wherein such manor does lie; which power ef appointing a game-keeper so to be entred, as aforesaidf was mam-

4T5

1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c.rt.

designed to no other intent or purpose whatsoever, but that any lord or lady might appoint such person as be or fie fiould think proper to kill the game upon his or her own lordfiip or manor, for the foie and proper use of the said lord or lady, such game-keeper being expressly retrained by the fa:d first recited all from felling or difpofng of any game to any person orperfns whatsoever, without the conjent or knowledge of the said lord or lady of such manor or manors that had given such power and authority as aforesaid: and whereas under colour and pre-fence of the said power and authority to kill or take game for the use of the lords or ladies of any manor it is become usual and frequent in fevered parts of the kingdom, for lords and ladies of manors to grant powers ana deputations to the farmers, tenants, and occupiers of the lands and iflates lying within the precinlls of their respelftve manors, to be game-keepers, with power to kill and destroy the game ; which prallice is a very great abuse of the powers intended by the said alls to be granted, and manifestly tends very much to the deflrullion of the game of this kingdom : for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from After July to* and after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and *7 *7- no lord seventeen, no lord or lady of any manor shall make, constitute, or appoint any person to De a game-keeper, with power and an- ^y thority to take and kill hare, pheasant, partridge, or any other keeper with game whatsoever, unless such person be qualified by the laws of power to kill this realm so to do, or unless such person be truly and properly ex~

a servant to the said lord or lady, or such person be immediate- quVijftal so to ly employed and appointed to take and kill the game for the foie do, or be a use'or benefit of the said lord or lady, and not otherwise ; and servant, &c» that no lord or lady of any manor shall authorize or qualify any person or persons whatsoever, not being qualified by the laws of this realm (o to do, to take or kill any hare, pheasant^ partridge, or other game whatsoever, or to keep or use any grey-hound, setting dogs, hays, lurchers, guns, tunnels, or any any other engine, to kill and destroy the game ; and that any person hoimd, &c. or persons whatsoever, not being qualified by the laws so to do, or not being truly and properly a servant of any lord or lady of a manor, or not immediately employed and appointed to take Unqualified and kill the game for the sole use or immediate benefit of the persons kill-laid lord or lady, who, under colour or pretence of any power g™® or authority, deputation, or qualification to him granted by any to the forfei-lord or lady of a manor, shall take or kill any hare, pheasant, tures in the partridge, or other game whatsoever, or shall keep or use any recited alts* greyhounds, setting-dogs, hays, lurchers, guns, tunnels, or any other engine, to kill and destroy the game, being thereof legally convicted, shall, for every such offence, incur such forfeitures, pains, and penalties, as are appointed to be inflidfed by the said recited adh of the fifth and ninth years of the reign of the late Queen Anne \ such forfeitures to be recovered by such means, and in such manner and form, and within such tim^

§nd so such uses, as are prescribed by die said recited alts; any

£ e 2 thing

4i 6

The recited acts shall remain in force. 5 Ann. c.14. 9 Ann. c.25.

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 12,13. [1716.

thing in the said recited acts, or in any other law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited acts of the fifth and ninth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and all other law* now in torce for the better preservation of the game, and all matters, powers, and things therein contained, not hereby altered and repealed, shall continue, remain, and be in full force.

CAP. XII.

An act to irapower commissioners in commissions of bankrupts, issued face the four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and six, and on or before the fix and twentieth day ot June one thousand feren hundred and sixteen, to make certificates for bankrupts $ and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, commissioners of the great sea), or two judges, to confirm the fyne, notwithstanding the acts of the fourth and fifth, and the fifth of Queen Anne^ are expired $ and for continuing a dause in a former act for adjusting accounts between bankrupts and their debtors.

Persons against whom commissions issued as aforesaid, and who have not, nor shall not surrender themselves, &c. before December 25,1717. shall suffer as felons. The dause in 4 Ann. c. 17. relating to the mutual credk between bankrupts and others, continued during (even years, and firms thence to the end of the next session of parliament. EXP. See 5 Geo.s. c. 30.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the better regulating of pilots for conducing 9] ships and vessels from Dover, Deal and the isle Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway.

WHEREAS there hath been time out of mind, and now a very useful and well regulated society or fellowship of pilots of the Trinity-House of Dover, Deal and the iste qfThanet, wb bave always had the foie piloting and load-manage ofall ships and vejfeh from the said places up the rivers of Thames and Medway : and whereas by the usage and good rules and orders of the said society every person rnu/l appear at a court of load-managey and be publicity examined by some of the elder and more experienced members of the Jail society and fellowship, touching his skill and abilities in pilotage, before he is to be admitted a member of the said society or fellow-Jhipy or ought to undertake the conducing and piloting any ship er vessel from the before-mentioned places up the said riversy whereby ignorant and dangerous persons have been prevented from undertaking such pilotage ; and there hath been from time to time a sufficient number of safe and able pilots for the said rivers maintained and kept up: and whereas notwithstanding the many and great advantages of the fail society or fellowship to the publick, several unqualified persons have of late taken upon them the piloting and conducing ships and vessels by and from the plates before-mentioned up the said rivers of Thames and Medway, who nave not been admitted into the said society or felloivshipt or undergone any examination of their abilities for such service, whereby the said useful society or fellowship hath been much disem-raged, and several fl)ips and vessels, with their cargo and marinerSy boot keen lojl or in the utmoji danger and hazard; for remedy whereof,

i?i6.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 13; 417

be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by 2nd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any person or persons After Aug 1, shall, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven i71^11,? P|r“ hundred tad seventeen, take upon him pr themselves to con- ^ duett or pilot any ship or vessel by or from Dover, Deal or the Dover,*&c. isle of Tbanet to any place or places in or upon the said rivers of unless he have Thames and Medway^ before he or they shall be first examined, ^e*tCXumi u" as has been usual, by the master and wardens of the said focie- master &c. of* fy or fellowftiip for the time being, touching his or their abili- Trinity-ties, and shall be approved and admitted into the said society or house, and be fellowftiip at a court of load-manage by the lord warden of the admitted jnto cinque-ports for the time being or his deputy, and the said ma- * a oclcty* fter and wardens for the time being, every such person or per- First offence ions shall for the first offence forfeit ten pounds, for the second J* ^^ve. twenty pounds, and for every other offence forty pounds, to be ^ filed for and recovered with full costs of suit, by any person or 7 persons, by suit or action to be brought in the court of admiralty for the cinque ports, in case such offender shall live and be found within the jurisdicttion of the said court, or else by a<ftion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at IVeJhmnJler, wherein no effoin, privilege, protection or wager of law shall be allowed, and no more than one imparlance 5 which said sum or sums of money so to be for- ^ feited and recovered, shall go and be, as to one moiety thereof, na^ (halfbe to the informer, and as to the other moiety thereof, to be paid recovered and to and received by the master and wardens of the said society for disposed of. the time being, to be by them distributed to and amongst such superannuated pilots, and the widows of pilots of the said society, in like manner and proportion as the said master and wardens for the time being shall think fir and appoint, and as heretofore hath been used and praettifed by the said society.

II. Provided always, That this a<tt shall notextend to prevent Matters, &c. or hinder the master or mate of any ship or vessel, or part-

owner residing at Dover, Deal or the isle of 7hanet> from con may ^iottheir during or piloting his own ship or vessel from any of the places owii ships, it* aforesaid up the said rivers ; nor subjeett any person or persons none of the tthough not of the said society or fellowftiip) to the penalties ^ea'

fore said, who shall be hired by any master to condu<ft or pilot his d> 0 0 0# ship or vessel from the said places, provided no one of the faid1 society or fellowftiip shall, within the space of one hour after such ship or vessel shall arrive at any of the said places, be ready to eondudt and pilot the fame.

III. Provided always, That all matters of merchant-ships shall Matters of

have liberty to make choice of such pilot of the said society or merchant* fellowftiip as he shall think fit; and that no person shall conti- chTOf^their nue in the said society or fellowftiip, who shall not conduct or pilots; and pilot a ship at lead twice in any one year (unless prevented by members of , sickness) to and from the places above-mentioned. fh fhi

Ee 3 IV- And twj*» year.1**

Anno tertio Gforgii L C. [1716.

Pncet of pilot- IV. And for preventing any exorbitant demands from any “S* pilot or pilots of the said tociety for the conducing and piloting

any ship or vessels from Dover., Deal or the isle of Tbanet to any places in or upon the said rivers of Thames and Medway, That the following and no greater or other prices shall be taken or demanded than what is or are herein after mentioned ; viz. For every ship or vessel drawing seven foot water, the sum of three pounds ten shillings: for every ship or vessel drawing eight foot water, the sum of four pounds : for every ship or vessel drawing nine foot water, the sum of four pounds ten shillings : for every ship or vessel drawing ten foot water, the sum of five pounds: for every ship or vessel drawing eleven foot water, the sum of five pounds ten shillings: for every ship or vessel drawing twelve foot water, the sum of six pounds: for every ship or vessel drawing thirteen foot water, the sum of six pounds ten shillings: for every ship or vessel drawing fourteen foot water, the sum of seven pounds: for every ship or vessel drawing fifteen foot water, the sum of seven pounds ten shillings: for every ship or vessel drawing sixteen foot water, the sum of eight pounds: and for every ship or vessel drawing fcveoteen foot water, the sum of eight pounds ten shillings; and no allowance to be made for odd inches. Fflotlosing a. V. Provided also, That if any pilot as aforesaid shall negli-wedfroS gently or carelesly lose the ship under his care, and be thereof ing as a pilot" convicted by due course of law, he shall be for ever after such To be iso in convidfion incapacitated for acting as a pilot; and that the num-number, and ber of such pilots shall not be less than one hundred and twen-&c*t°be af- names, ages and places of abode shall every five and

fixed^&c. * twentieth day of March be affixed in some pubJick place at the custom-houles at London and Dover, to which all persons may have recourse at seasonable hours; and for neglect of not retum-&c 5t™return *n6 cvei7 ^ of P*I°ts> the matter and wardens of the said such lift on pe- Society shall forfeit ten pounds, to be recovered in the cinque nalty of 10 L ports by any person who shall sue for the fame.

VI. And whereas divers ships and vessels in had weather are forced from their anchors and cables, and unreasonable sums of money demanded for salvage by such persons who take up and carry the feud ambers and cables on Jboar, before the owners can have such cables and anchors restored to them, or else they mufl apply them/elves to the admiralty-court at Dover; and such ships and vessels mujl either leave their cables and anchors behind them, or suffer much more than the value thereof by being delayed in their voyage by the necessary forms of proceedings, should they Jlay to have toe fame determined in the said admiralty-court : for remedy whereof, and for preventing the like inconveniencies for the future, be it further enabled by the au-concc^n'^ thority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth falvag^of an- ^ay of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen the chors, &c. lord warden of the cinque ports for the time being shall nomi-how to be ad- nate and appoint, by an instrument under his hand and feai, yufted. three or more substantial persons in each of the cinque ports, two antient towns, and their members, to adjust and determine any difference relating to salvage, if any such shall arise between the matter of any vessel and the person or persons bringing such

cable

4*9

ipiS.J Anno tertio Georgii I c. 13.

cable and anchor a (hoar; which said persons the said lord warden is hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, to nominate and appoint; and in case any ship or vessel shall be forced from her cables and anchors by extremity of weather, and leave the fame in any roads within the jurisdiction of the cinque ports, and the salvage cannot be adiufted between the persons concerned, That then the fame shall be determined within the To be deter* space of twelve hours by any one or more of the said persons mined in 1* appointed as aforesaid; any custom or usage to the contrary in houria any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That this act shall not extend or be Not to hinder construed to hinder any person or persons from assisting any ship any from af-or vessel in distress at any time, or fubtjed such person or persons lifting ships in to the penalties of this act; any thing herein contained to the diftrefe. contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Master, &c. That the master and such two wardens of die said society or fel- appointed to lowship for the time being, as shall be appointed to examine in- c£ami??int® to the (kill and ability of any person or persons on their being

first admitted as a pilot into the said society or fellowship, shall sworn* take the following oath, to be given them by the register of the said court of load-manage for the time being or his deputy, who are hereby impowered to administer the fame, viz.

I A. B. do /wear. That I will impartially examino and enquire into The oath* the capacity and jkill of in the

art of pilotage over the Flats and round the Long Sand Head, and the coajh ^Flanders and Holland, and will male true and speedy return thereof to the lord warden of the cinque ports for the time beings or his deputy, without favour, affe&iw, fee or reward:

So help me God.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and de- Not to extend

dared. That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not to the corpo-extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, ration of rri-hindrine, prejudicing or impeaching of any grants, liberties, ®

franchises and privileges heretofore wanted to and vested in the strond. corporation of the Trinity-House of Deptford-Strond; but that the

said corporation shall hold and enjoy the fame, as fully as they might have done in case this act had never been had or made; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any.

Wile notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority To be taken as aforesaid, That this act shall be taken and allowed, in all courts apublickad j within this kingdom, as a publick ad; and all judges and ju-

ftices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without special pleading the same.

XI. Provide always. That this act shall continue in force Continuance for seven years, and from thence to the end of the next session of ^\3 act of parliament, and no longer. By 7 Geo. 1. stat. 1. c. 21. Farther amti-

Power is given to the lord warden of the cinque ports, with the assent h

Eci of % Gco.*.c. % u

u " i|Geo.i.c.a6.

4*o

sGeo.i. flats* ».*7*

The powers given.to his. Majesty by iGeo.i.stat.* c. 17. continued for one year, &c.

Anno tertlo Georgii I. C.14Z {171ft

f others in the said act mentioned, to make orders far the government f pilots from Dover, &V.

CAP. XIV.

i act to continue an act of the first year of his Majestfs reign, intituled, An act for taking and Hating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent, in the terms of the union ; and for relief of the creditors of the publick and the commissioners of the equivalent.

WHEREAS the honour, justice and publick faith of Great Britain are all concerned and engaged. That the agreements in the act of union be faithfully and exactly observed and executed: and whereas by an act of this present parliament, intituled, An act for taking and stating the debts due and growing due to Scothmdbj way of equivalent, in the terms of the union; and for relief of the creditors of the publick in Scotland and the commissioners of the equivalent, his Majesty was impowered to nominate and appoint eommissionersfor taking, examining anddating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent; which commissioners were vefied with several powers, and directed to make up several accounts, as in the said act is more fully expressied \ and the commission and powers thereby granted should continue in full force and virtue from tht iffiuing thereof, for and during the Jpace of one whole year, and till the end of the then next fession of parliament; with several other clauses, and with this particular prtiviso. That none of the commissioners to be appoined pursuant to that act, should incur any penalties, forfeiture, incapacity or disability whatsoever, for putting the said act in execution: and whereas the commissioners appointed by his Majesy j pursuant to the said act have not hitherto, as appears by their report\ brought to any final conclusion the several accounts by the said act directed to be made; partly because their precepts in fame cases were not answered, and in others, not in such time as to be brought into their report; partly because of the great and many difficulties which attend separating and diffimguifbing between the debts incurred before the union, and the debts incurred for the service of the united kingdom ; both which have been without distinction provided for fence the union: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majeity, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the powers given to his Majesty by the said act for nominating and appointing commissioners for taking and stating the debts due ana growing due to Scotland by way erf * equivalent, in the terms of the union, together with all the other powers, clauses and provisoes therein contained, shall be and are hereby continued, from and after the determination of the said act, for and during the space of one whole year and to the end of the then next fession of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all officers, accountants and other persons whatsoever, who can

give

ri7i6.] Anno tertio* Georgii I. 0.14; 421

give any information relating to the said accounts and matters Officers, &c. in this and the former act contained, are hereby strictly enjoin- J^order* of ed and required to observe and execute such orders and direc- th* commit tions, as the said commissioners appointed or to be appointed fioners, by his Majesty as aforesaid, or any three or more of them, shall by writingunaertheir handsdired and appoint touching the accounts by this and the former act appointed to be taken and dated.

III. And whereas by the said recited act of the first year of his Ma- IGco.if data. jessy's reign, it was enacted. That for relief of the creditors of the $. *7. publick in Scotland and of the commissioners of the equivalent, until the accounts in that act mentioned Jbmld be taken and fated according to the true meaning thereof, the lords emmiffumers of the treasury or hrd high treasurerfor the time being should atid'might, on or before the first day ^ November one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, issue their or his order or orders for the payment of a sum not exceeding fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty two pounds eight shillings and /even pence three farthings to the commissioners of the equivalent in Scotland, or any person or persons to be appointed by them, or any two of them, out of any monies that had arisen or should arise by the therein mentioned revenues of ettftoms and excises in Scotland, or either of them; which sum the commissioners of the equivalent were dir eftei to apply for payment of one years interest, viz. from the twenty third day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteenr of the capital sum of two hundred thirty thousand three hundred and eight pounds nine shillings and ten pence and five sixth parts of a penny, fiated due to the said creditors of the publick in Scotland, and for the payment of the salaries of the said commissioners of the equivalent, and of the fees and salaries of their servants and necessary charges for the said year: and whereas the 'commissioners appointed by his Majesty pursuant to the act aforesaid have not hitherto brought the accounts thereby directed to be taken and fiated to any final conclusion, so as the Interest of the publick debts of Scotland, which are legally certified, can be thereby put into a regular courfi of payment; and it being just, that the interest which has grown due on the said debts fence the twenty third day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, together with the charges of the commission of the equivalent in Scotland, should be in the mean time provided for: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lords commissioners of the treasury or lord high treasurer for the time being shall and may, on or before the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and Before Sept. 1, seventeen, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay the civil xy^thetreu establiftunent in Scotland, authorized by an act passed in the fur>> . tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

An act for laying additional duties on hides and /kins, vellum and parch- ment wm scot-tnent, and new duties on starch, coffee, tea, drugs, gilt andjilver wire, land, autho-and p Aides of infur ante, to secure a yearly fund for satisfaction of or- rjaed by 10 ders to the contributors of a further sum of ene million eight hundred ***** c‘ ™ , thousand pounds towards her Majesifis J'upply, and for the better fearing the duties on candles; and for obviating doubts concerning certain payments in Scotland \ and for fupprcjfing unlawful lotteries and

other

may issue orders for payment of 3\>5*S *■

423 Anno terdo Georgii L c* 14. f 1716*

ether devices of the jame kind; end concerning cake-fop*; and for relief of Mary Ravenall in relation to an annuity of eighteen pounds per annum; and concerning prize cocoa nuts brought from America; and certain tickets which were intended to be subseribed into the jiock of the South-Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted w this session of parliament, issue their or his order or orders far the payment of a sum not exceeding thirty one thousand five hundred sixty five pounds two shillings and five pence half-pen-cdflV. toVbe nY to commissioners of the equivalent in Scotland, or any commuhon- person or persons to be appointed by them, or any three or more ers9 See. out of of them, out of the monies arisen or to arise out of any the cu-Aoms, duties, excises or revenues, under the management of Scotland. m commissioners of the customs and commissioners of the excise in Scotland, or either of them; which sum of thirty one thousand five hundred sixty five pounds two shillings ana five How to be ap- pence half-penny shall be applied, and the said commissioners plied. of equivalent arc Jiereby directed and required to apply the fame

for the payment of two years interest of the capital sum of two hundred thirty thousand three hundred and eight pounds nine shillings ten pence and five fix parts ,of a penny, stated due to the creditors of the publick in Scotland, by an act of the twelfth year of her late Majesty's reign ; and of eighteen thousand two Hundred forty one pounds ten shillings ten pence and two third parts of a penny, stated due to William Paterson, esq; by an act of the first year of his Majesty's reign, from the twenty third of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen to the twenty fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and for payment of the salaries of the commissioners of the equivalent, ana of the fees and salaries of their servants and the neceflaiy charges of the office for the said two years; which sum so to be advanced to the said commissioners of the equivalent for the purposes aforesaid shall be brought into the accounts and charged upon the monies due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent, in the terms of the union.

IV. And whereas several difficulties have arisen in receiving tie interest on equivalent debentures, and other ways, by arreflments Mi on them in the hands of the commissioners of equivalent in Scotland, to the great venation of the proprietors': for removing thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no debentures, or the interest thereon, shall be liable to be flopped on account of any arreftment or attachment that shall be laid on them in the hands of the said commissioners, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, or otherwise howioever.

_ V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-

retain v+ % o1. That the commissioners of the equivalent for Scotland for the to be applied' time being shall, and they are hereby authorized and impowtr* for the encou- ed to secure and retain in their hands the sum of fourteen thou-ragement of fancj pounds sterling, appointed by the fifteenth article of the ture*of coarse u™on> for encouragement of the manufacture of coarse wool. wool in such shires as the fame is or shall be produced, which

2 said

No debenture shall be (topped on account of any arreftment hud on them in the com-sniflioners hands, after Atig. 1,1717.

The comraif-

jyi6i] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15. 4 % $

laid sum of fourteen thousand pounds, and every part thereof,

shall be applied for the benefit of the said manufacture and the wool-masters, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XV.

An act for the better regulating the office of /heriffs, and for afcercoining their fees* and the fees for suing out their pa~ tents, and faffing their accounts.

FOR the greater ease of sheriffs in the execution of their offices, and passing their accounts, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That the Several officers of his Majesty's high court of chancery, court of Exchequer, and the Several auditors and receivers of the revenue of the crown in Wales, and their respective substitutes, deputies, agents, clerks, and all other officers and persons whatsoever, having and claiming any fee or reward whatfo- clerks and of-ever to be due and payable to him or them from any sheriff, depu- ficers concern-ty-sheriff, or under-sheriff, of any county in England or Wales^ for cd in passing making out his or their patents or commissions, or the Dedimus for Swearing them into their office, or for entring their recogni- ^counts, zance or Security, or for writing out and return of their process, or for their appofals, or calling out of court, or for passing their accounts, or for making their < % uietus, or for any other matter or tiling whatsoever touching or concerning their meriffalty, may from and after the first day of Michaelmas-Term in the year of j£ter ^ our Lord one thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, Severally clmw-TeiS suid respectively, for themselves and the persons for whom they 1717, -*

aft or officiate, receive and take for their pains and Service in the matters aforesaid, the Several fees or Sums of money in the.

Schedule or lift hereafter mentioned and Specified; all which fees in the Said Schedule mentioned the Said Several and respec- to onj-tive officers, deputies, clerks, and other persons may claim, the fees speci-jake and receive, from time to time, and shall not demand, fod in the take or receive any other or greater fee or reward whatsoever in b*1*-

any wife touching or concerning the premisses in the said sche- tioned^11* duie mentioned, or any other matter or thing relating to the pa- 9 tent or Swearing of any sheriff, or to the passing of his accounts; and if any person shall offend herein. Such person shall forfeit to the party aggrieved five pounds, and treble the sum by him tak- on feature en over abofe the just fees mentioned in the said Schedule, to- of 5I. and gether with his treble costs ; all which shall be ordered, award- treble the sum ed and given to the party aggrieved, by the court of Exchequer, ta|5cnlito ** upon complaint and proof of Such offence made and exhibited ^^plaint* by before the barons of the Said court, in Such shortand Summary the Exchequer way and method as to them shall Seem meet. in a Summary

II. And whereas the profers payable by the Jhieriffs of the several way* counties ^England, into the receipt of the Exchequer at Easter and Michaelmas yearly, remain the fame at this day that they anciently were, although many of the rents and certainties out of which the said

P°y~

4H

quer, &c.

to give in a particular of

and reduce and lettle the fame.

Anno tertio GEbROii I. C. t$2 * £171$.

payments arise, of late years been alienated from the crown: be

be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the lord The lord trea- high treasurer of Great Britain, or commissioners of the treasury o^der derkt*^ ^or t*me being, x^c chancellor and chief baron of his Maje-and officers of fly's court of Exchequer, and the rest of the barons of that the Exche- court, or any two or more of them, shall and may, from time to time, at the request of any sheriff or (heriffs, or as often as they shall think fit, call before them the remembrancer in the court of Exchequer, commonly called the treasurer** remembrancer, and the clerk of the'pipe, or their deputies, seconda-ries, and such other officers as they shall think fit, and shall cause the said officers or some of them, to bring before them an accents and cer- count or particular of all the rents and certainties written cm l^feth? yearly in processes to the sheriff of each respective county in Eng-Steffis, to levy for the crown; and upon due examination and con-9 fideration thereof had, are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to alter, diminish, reduce or establiih the sevenri sums wherewith the said (heriffs (land or shall stand chargeable on the rolls of profers in the said court of Exchequer, to such reasonable and moderate sums as to them shall seem just and - reasonable, with regard to the amount or value of the rent9 in

with regard to each county respectively ; and that orders of the court of Ex-the rents j and chequer be drawn up pursuant thereunto, and entered upon re-entwredonre-*n t^ie f«vcral offices of his Majesty's remembrancer, the cord 1 lord treasurer's, or the commissioners or the treasury's remembrancer, and clerk of the pipe, some time before the last day of Michaelmas-Term then next following; and that, from time to time, the sum and sums of money so reduced, ascertained and and the rents settled, shall be deemed and taken to be the profers of each re-so settled to be fpedHve county, and the rolls of profers, from time to time, each^count be conformable thereunto; and the said sum and

payablebythefums so reduced, ascertained and settled, as aforesaid, and no ineriff. other, shall be paid by the said respective (heriffs for their pro* fers, at the days and times, and in the manner formerly used .for profers.

Sheriffs levy- III- And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from ing debts, icc. and after the ninth day of July in the year of our Lord one thou-(except post- sand seven hundred and seventeen, all (heriffs who shall levy any ®ncs) debts, duties or sums of money whatsoever, except pod-lines,

due or hereafter to become due to the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, by process to them directed upon the summons of the pipe or green wax, or by Levari Facias, out of the court of Exchequer, shall from time to time, for their card1, pains and charges, and for their encouragement therein, have an allow-tohave is. per ance upon their accounts of twelve pence out of every twen-pound for the ty shillings for any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds so iff 100L and by them levied or collcdled; and the sum of six pence only for aos ^bove^ cvel7 twenty shillings over and above the first one hundred that fum} pounds; and for all debts, duties and sums of money, except pod-fines, due or to become due to his Majesty, his heirs and and on process successors, by process on Fieri fafias} and extent, issuing out of by Fi. fa. and any

1716J Anno tertio Georgii I- c. 15; 425

any of the offices of the court of Exchequer, the sum of-ohe ®*tent 1 to shilling and six pence ouc of every twenty millings, for any sum per pound for not exceeding one hundred pounds so by them levied or collect- [£e ^ 100i# cd ; and the sum of twelve pence only for every twenty shillings and 1 s. per over and above the first one hundred pounds : provided always pound above* such (hcriff shall duly answer the fame upon his account by the Provided he general sealing day of such term in which he ought to be dif- answer the mified the court, or in such time to which he shall have a day fame on hit granted to finish his said accounts, by warrant signed by the lord accounu chief baron, or one of the barons of the coif of the said court for the time being, and not otherwise.

IV. And whereas by virtue of an aCl made in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of their late majeslies King William and fjueen c Mary, for encouraging the apprehending of highwaymen ; and of one ether ah made in the sixth and seventh years of his said late majesty King William the Third, to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the 6 &7W.&M. coin of this kingdom ; and of one other act made in the fifth year ofc# 17 her late majesty Sjuecn Anne, for encouraging the apprehending of $ Ann. c. 31* house-breaters, the respective sheriffs of England and Wales are fibliged to pay the fiveral rewards of forty pounds, as in those acts is directed upon the convictions of highwaymen, clippers, coiners or house-breakers, to such person or persons who shall bring to such sheriff a certificate under the hand of the judge or justices before whom firb offenders were convicted, directing payment thereof under the penalty of forfeiting to the party entitled thereunto double the sum so certified, with treble cojis offuit j which said reward of forty pounds being so paid, as aforesaid, is by the said several acts ordered to be allowed to the such sheriff upon his account \ and if there should not be remaining in the hands of juchjhcriff, monies sufficient for thatpurpose, that in such case the surplusage occasioned thereby, should be repaid to such sheriff by the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, out of the revenue of the crown, upon certificate thereof from the clerk of the pipe, or by the auditor of Wales, as by the fold After a July respective acts may more at large appear: and whereas since the mai- 17I7'Jrf2j ing of the said alls, it hath been found, that many sheriffs have been charge money put under great difficulties and inconveniences thereby, not only by rea~ for appre-son of paying down great sums of money for the rewards aforesaid, hending bigh-before the publick revenue writ out to them in process could be levied waymen, or or collected by them, but also by reason that such foeriff cannot have a h^ul^reak^ certificate of his surplusage from the clerk of the pipe, or the auditor ers 5 but may of Wales, until he hath fully finished his account, and be diftniffed the on the judge's court, by which means the sheriff is kept a long time out of his money wtifieateof so dijbursed for the rewards aforesaid: be it therefore enacted by anYreceipt of the authority aforesaid, That no sheriff shall be obliged to bring the party «n-or charge in his accounts any sum or sums of money to be paid titled to the for the rewards abovementioned, or any of them, from and af- VF**

ter the ninth day of July one thousand (even hundred and feren-teen, but shall and may immediately apply for the fame to the

lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, who upon inspedling a due certificate of the conYi&ioa gf such offender or offenders, fgr which

such

426 Anno tertio Georgii I. C. 15. [171 <?.

such reward shall be ordered to be paid, as aforesaid, by virtue of the said a<5ts, or any of them, together with the receipts or acquittances of the parties entitled to receive the fame, shall who shall pay forthwith repay to such sheriff or (heriffs respectively, all such him the Aims monies so disbursed and paid, as aforesaid, without any fee or rc-with^^f ward w^atf°cvcr > any thing in the aforesaid acts, or any of them, ou contained to the contraiy thereof in any wise notwithstanding. No sheriff shall V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no (he-be attached, riff or under-sheriff shall be attached or taken into custody by any &c. for not fi- officer of the court of Exchequer, or other person whatsoever, mflung his ac- for not being apposed upon any writ or process, for not finishing but^y writ his account$ in due time, or for any contempt or neglect what-under the Ex- soever relating to his accounts, but by writ under the seal of the chequer-seal, said court of Exchequer, or by warrant for that purpose to be or by warrant finned by the lord chief baron, or one of the barons of the coif whCTeirTfoch fa,d court Exchequer for the time being, to be execut-

sheriffs name ed by the marlhal of the said court, or his deputy; in which «nd hit offence warrant the name of such sheriff or under-sheriff shall be partite be inserted. cularly inserted, and his offence particularly specified and expressed.

No clerk, &c. VI. And for preventing delays and unnece(Tary attendance of

concerned in (heriffs in passing their accounts, be it enacted by the authority

Passing ^ ?foreraid> That trom and after the first day of Michaelmas-Term

hinder the * *n Year our L°rd onc thousand seven hundred and seven-

fame, or pre- teen, it any officer, clerk or other person concerned in or about

vent hit being the passing of (heriffs accounts, shall wilfully retard or hinder

apposed, &c. any sheriff in the passing of his accounts, or by his wilful neg-

mentortender ^ or aWence, or by other undue means or ways, prevent any

of the fees, sheriff from being apposed or call out of court in due rime, or

(hallrefiife,&c. after payment or tender of his or their due fees herein ascertain-

^ma!cc®4t» ed, shall refuse or neglect to inrol, make out, sign and deliver

toi on penai- ^f ietus *n duc t»mc> *n every such case the person so offend-

ty of such fa- ing (nail make such recompence and satisfaction to the party ag-

psfaction as grieved as shall be adjudged, ordered or decreed by the barons

the barons Qf the court of Exchequer, upon complaint thereof made and

exhibited before them, in such short and summary way and me-ru»manrw.y. thQd as tQ them flial, »eeni

No sheriff in VII. And whereas it frequently happens that a sheriff may dijbwrjt England, Tex- more money for the service of the crown than his whole charge amount-H et^ unto' reaion whereof such sheriff must necessarily be in JurpluJ-

ihadi be in fur° a % e vPon ^l5 account: an(* whereas such surplusage cannot be obtained plufage by a- b the usual course of the Exchequer, but by record ofsurplusage y which ny disburse- is very dilatory and expenftve to the sheriff: be it therefore enabled ments for the by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of (exSottlwre! Michaelmas-Term aforesaid, if any sheriff of any county in Eng-wards appoin- b*d, (except the counties palatine of Chc/lcr, Durham and Lan-tedby the acts caster* and the several counties of Wales* which do not pass their f^O^all be accounts before the clerk of the pipe) shall happen to be in fur-out freSrdof upon his account, by reason of any diiburfements what-

such surplus- soever by him made for the service of his Majesty, his heirs or ngc, but may successors (other than for the rewards of forty pounds feveralfr

j 16.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15. 427

d respectively allowed and given by virtue of the several acts apply to the rein before-mentioned, to such persons as shall apprehend a *°«1 treasurer, pper, coiner, highwayman or house-breaker) such (heri ff ony

ail not be obliged to take out a record of surplusage for the producing the ne, bilt shall and may apply to the lord high treasurer of clerk of the vat Britain, or to the commissioners of the treasury for the pipe'jcertifi-ne being, for the payment of such surplusage, who arc here- cate rco * « required and authorized to pay the fame upon the (herifFs oducing a certificate of such surplusage from the clerk of the pe, or his deputy.

VIII. And whereat great inconveniencies have arisen by the death of Sheriff dying miff's y during the time of their sheriffalty: be it enacted by the £eforc thorny aforesaid, That if any high-fiierifF of any county of h^und^^ ngland or Wales shall happen to die before the expiration or de- riff shall exe-rmination of his year, or before he be lawfully superseded, in cute the fame ch case the under-(herifFor deputy-(heriff by him appointed

all nevertheless continue in his office, and shall execute the nautili a ne, and all things belonging thereunto, in the name of the new sheriff be d deceased sheriff, until another sheriff be appointed for the fwom, and be d county and fwom, in manner as is herein after directed$ and answerabtefor e said under-(heriff or deputy-(heriff shall be answerable for SJewStotS e execution of the said office in all things, and to all respects, deceased tents and purposes whatsoever, during such interval as the should have gh-(heriff so deceased would by law have been if he had been **cn j *“4 the ring; and the security given to the high-(heriff so deceased by ^theundS e said under-(heriff, and his pledges, shall stand, remain, and sheriff is to ; a security to the King, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and to all continue, rfons whatsoever, for such under-(herifFs due performance of s office during such interval.

IX. And whereas it frequently happens that the process tffuing t of the court of Exchequer, for levying debts and duties due to the nvn> may be in part executed by a sheriff before he be superseded, and terwards in part by the subsequent sheriff , and no prauifion bath hi-erto been made for settling and adjusting the dijlribution of the ts and poundage claimed and demanded by them in such cases: be

therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That when and When a sheriff often as any sheriff shall, by process out of the court of Ex- f«zes goods, tequer, seize or extend any goods, chattels or personal estate, to the hands of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for any an“*jjeg>

:bts or duties due to the crown, and shall die, or be fuperfed- superseded be-I, before a writ of Venditioni Exponas be awarded to him for fore sale and le of the fame, or before such sheriff bath made actual sale ereof, and a writ shall afterwards be awarded to a subsequent eriff, who by virtue thereof shall make sale or difposition of TheExche-ch goods, chattels and personal estate so seised or extended by quer may ap-ch preceding sheriff, as aforesaid, in such case the barons of Porti®“ the ie court of Exchequer, if then fitting, and if not fitting, the between'the id barons, or any one of them, being of the degree of the coif, precedent and all order, settle and apportion the fees or poundage due for the subsequent ch seizure and sale betwixt such preceding and subsequent (he- (hetiifc ffs, in such manner and proportions as to him or them shall

scena

428 Anno tertio Georgii L'c. 15. - [1716.

fcem meet* with regard to the expence and trouble each respective sheriff hath had or IhaJl have in the execution of the said process.

X. And whereas tki office of tinder-/her iff, and other offices and places in the disposal of the bign-Jhmff have of late years been frequently fold, and let to farm, contrary to the several Jlatuus heretofore made for refraining sheriffs from such practices, and contrary to the oath and duty of a sheriff, whereby many and great inconve-niencies have happened to the Subjects of this realm by the oppressions and exactions of under-Jbtriffs, bailiffs, and other officers concerned After Sept. io,ln i^c 'Mention of the King's process: for remedy whereof, be it 1717, none enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the Hull buy. See. said twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord* °/L one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, it shall not be law-^nder-ihentt, j.*uj tQ or for any person or persons whatsoever, to buy, fell, let,

or take to farm, the office of unde.:-(heriff, deputy-sheriff, leal-keeper, county-clerk, Ihire-clerk, gaoler, bailiff, or any other office or place pertaining to the office of high-sheriff of any county or shire in England or Wales, or to contract for, promise, or grant for money, or other reward or benefit, the said offices or places, or any of them ; nor to give, take, promise or receive on forfeiture any other consideration whatsoever for the said offices, or any of 500 L one of them, directly or indirectly by themselves, or any person in had* to the trull for them, or for their ufc ; and whosoever mall offend

S?'t?the therein forfeit "the sum of five hundred pounds, a moiety

prolocutor; to whereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other be recovered moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue for the in any court at fame, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or informa-Westminller. tjon jn any Qf the courts of record at Westminster, in which no essoin, protection or wager of law lhan be allowed, nor any Prosecution more than one imparlance ; provided, That such suit be com-within two menced within two years after fixh offence committed, and not years. otherwise.

Nothing ante XI. Provided, That nothing in this act before contained shall flull hinder a any ways hinder or prevent such high sheriff from constituting high-sheriff aiui appointing an under-sheriff or deputy-sheriff to ad in his inea if under- as ty law he may and ought to do; nor to hinder tilt

iheriff, &c. nor under-lhenff in case of the high-lherifFs death, when he acts as an under-(he- high-sheriff, from constituting or appointing a deputy, which nffadfingas he is hereby impowered to do; nor to hinder, prevent or a-hi? death ftc1 bridge such sheriff or under-sheriff, from demanding, taking or from appoint-' receiving the just and lawful fees and perquisites of the office of ing a deputy, sheriff, or any place or employment pertaining thereunto, or for nor from tak- taking security for the due answering the fame ; nor to discharge, Ac nor dif* hinder or prevent such under-lhe.riff, deputy-sheriff, seal-keep-chargeVuch cr, county-clerk, lliirc-clerk, gaoler, bailiff or other person, under-lheriif, having or executing any place or office under such sheriff, from Ac. from ac- accounting to the high-sheriff for all such just and lawful fees fe*ntAcg nor an<* Perclu^ltes as by them, or any of them, be taken and binder thefhe- received in'their respective offices, places or imployments, nor riff froax al- for giving security so to do; nor to hinder or prevent die hijjh-

sheriff

1716.] Anno terdo GEorgii 1. c. 15. 429

[heriff from allowing or securing such salary or recompence to his lowing fabrics ander-Qieriff, deputy-(heriff, leal-keeper, county-clerk, shire-Jerk, gaoler, bailiff or other officer, for the execution of the said thcuader-ftie-affices, places or imployments, or any of them, as to him shall riff, Sec. (ram Teem meet; nor to hinder pr prevent the under-(heriff, deputy- receiving the sheriff. Teal-keeper, or other officer or person aforementioned, “mc# from taking and receiving such salary and recompence for his or their pains and services therein.

^ XII. And for the more effectual enforcing and obliging the respective clerks of affixes, clerks of the peace, clerks of the commissioners of *ewers, clerks of the market, town-clerks, or other persons to whom tt iath or may belong to make returns of efireats into the court of Exchequer, to make out and deliver their reffieftive efireats, duplicates, certificates and schedules in due time, Jo that the sheriff may not be hindered or retarded in the passing his account for want of the faii greats according to the direction, purport and intent of an act made in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the better and more certain recovery of fines and forfeitures due to his Majesty, and made perpetual by an act made in the Befidet the fourth and fifth years of the reign of their late majesies King William penalties hi and £>ucen Mary; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That *&*** over and above the penalties mentioned in the said acts, or ei- * e ther of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the barons perpetual by of the court of Exchequer, from time to time, to amerce such 4 & 5 W. & clerk of the assize, clerk of the peace, clerk of the commissioners *4-of sewers, clerk of the market, town clerk, or other person, to whom it doth or may belong to make returns of eftreats into cleric* of the the said court of Exchequer, as aforesaid, for refilling, neglect- affixes, &c. ing, or omitting to perform and do his or their duty in returning for refusing, the said efireats, at the times and according to the direction, purport and intent of the said two acts, and to cause the said theExcbeqner amerciaments to be levied and answered by such' ways and means, and may cause and in such manner as other amerciaments fet in the said court such amerce-may or have been used to be done. JESSrihal

XIII. And for preventing of oppressions and injuries which may happen to his Majesty's subjects, by the abuse ofjtmffs, bailiffs, and No sheriff or others, imployed in Levying and coUefting any debts, duties or sums levying"

money, due or hereafter to become due to his Majesty, his heirs or &c.debtsto ftucessors, by process of the court of Exchequer: be it enacted by the the crown authority aforesaid, That no sheriff, under-(heriff, bailiff, or other person imployed in levying or collecting any of the said te. * debts, duties or sums of money, (nail take, ask, or receive any ** fee, gratuity, or reward whatsoever, of the person or persons . liable to pay the said debts, duties, or sums of money, or of except 4d.cp« any other person, for or. upon pretence of such levying or col- ly for an selecting, except the sum of four pence only for an acquittance quittance, for such sum as shall be so levied or collected; which acquittance such officer is hereby required to give and deliver to the person upon or from whom such debt shall be levied, collected or received; and the bailiff or other person receiving such debt or sum of money shall, from time to time, answer and account * yot. XHJ. t*f Cot

430 Anno tertio Georcii 1. C. 15. {1716.

And the by -for the fame to the sheriff or his deputy, and may require an ac-liss^c.recwnr- quittance also from such sheriff or his deputy for such sum, who are ih&aLount hereby required to give the fame without any fee or reward lor the feme and of and from such debts or sums of money so levied, cci-to the sheriff, levied or received as aforesaid, the said (heriffs, and every of &c. and may them, shall effectually difeharee the said debtors and persons K respectively by totting and aniwering the feme to his Majesty, without tee. his heirs and successors, upon their respedUve accounts in the And the (he- Exchequer: and in case any sheriff, under-(heriff or deputy-nff is to an- shall nichil or not duly answer to the crown any debt or

accountin'* of money so levied, collected or received, such sheriff, un-the Exche- dcr-(hcriff or deputy-(heriff for every such offence shall forfeit quer. treble damages to the party aggrieved, and double the sum (o

Sr *uichilled or not duly answered as aforesaid ; which said damages chii &c! stich an<* he ordered, decreed and given to the pertan

debti codec- aggrieved by the court of Exchequer, upon complaint and proof ted &c.hefor- of such abule as aforesaid made and exhibited before the barons frits treble da-of the said court, in such short and summary way and method, TMuf64 and 45 to l^etn ^ha^ teem meet: an^ *n ca^e sheriff, under-doubled he sheriff, deputy-(heriff, bailiff or other person shall presume to

sum &> nichil- demand, take or receive any sum or sums of money whatsoever, hd- be the fame more or less, of any person whatsoever, from whom

* tobe^ordtred an^ ** moncyls or “*all he due and payable to the

by the Exche-crowri by process out of the court of Exchequer, for or im re-

2uer in a fpsd or upon pretence of executing the said process, or for or in

unmary respect or upon pretence of fees due to them, or any of them, for /Td if (h or receiving the fame, contrary to the true intent and

iff &c*d©?~ meaning of this act; or if any of the officers or persons afore-mands or said shall demand, take and receive any sum or sums of money takes any mo- whatsoever for not levying or forbearing to levy any debts, duties ney torexc- or sums Qf m0Qcy, which are or shall be due to his Majesty, process jUQr his heirs and successors, and written out to them, or any of as fees/for them by the process aforesaid: in all and every such case every collecting person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall frch debts, fcc adjudged, deemed and taken, and is ana are hereby ad-kwifig>°&c°tiu^8e^> deemed and taken to be guilty of extortion, injustice be is jpiiity of aQd oppression; and all and every such person and persons be-extortion} ing thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit for every such offence ^ treble damages and costs to the party aggrieved, and double the

mages See. him so extorted: all which damages and penalties shall be or-to §it party dered, decreed and given by the barons of the court of Exche* grieved, and quer upon complaint and proof of such extortion made and exdouble the hibited before them, in such short and summary way and mc-toheoricred lh°d» as to them shall seem meet 3S aforesaid ; provided such as above,conviction be had and made within two years after such offence if conviction committed, and not other wise, be within two years after such offence.

But the (he- XIV. Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be riff may take construed to deprive any sheriff of* such poundage or allowance such pound- as is allowed and given to them by virtue of this act, or of such a£c, kc. as poundage, allowance or reward as may hereafter be made, al-gnen y t u g^cn ta diem, or any of them, by warrant or order

2 from

Aooo tertio Georgii I, c. 15.

43?

from the lord high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury, »a.«rby w«w chancellor of the Exchequer or barons of the court of Exche? &c.

quer for the time being, for dr in respect of any extraordinary for anyextnu service to the crown that may happen to be performed by them, ordinary fer-or any of them : but that the said (heriffs shall and may enjoy vicctoth* the full benefit and advantage of such poundage, allowance and cr®*“* reward without any impeachment or molestation whatsoever j any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any

^ifcnotwithstanding. v, Allorders.&c.

XV, And be it eriacted by the authority aforesaid, That for Costs, &c, whatever orders or decrees shall be made by the barons of the ordered by court of Exchequer for cods, damages and penalties in the cases tbia'ad, in a afore-mentioned, or any of them, or in any other case in this tST

act hereafter mentioned, by virtue and in pursuance of this act, &rac force> in such short and summary way and method as is herein before See. as other directed and prescribed, shall have the fame effect, force and orders of tho ▼irtue, to all intents and purposes, as any other order or decree ^n^such r' of the fame court; and the said co(ts, damages and penalties cofof shall be raised, levied and obtained by such process, ways and berated, &c. methods, as are used in the said court to enforce a compliance by such pro-with any other orders or decrees of the fame court. S&Stoe

XVIa And for ascertaining the fees for executing of writs offhcriflf/&c, Elegit, so far as the fame relate to the extending or real estates, niall for exe-# and for ascertaining the fees for executing of writs of 7 curing anHab. facias Poffessionim cut Seiftnortf, be it enacted by the authority afore- P°^^ laid. That from and after the last day of Michaelmas-term inbove is?per the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven- pound otthe teen it shall not be lawful for any sheriff, under-(heriff, deputy-yearly value sheriff or their bailiffs, or for the bailiff of any franchise or li- any man?r» berty, or any of them, by reason or colour of their office or of- wholeexceeds (ices, or by reason or colour of their executing of any writ ornot iool.per writs of habere facias Poffefftonem out Seifmam, to demand, ask annum, or receive any other or greater consideration, fee, gratuity, orj'^d.only reward, than is hereafter mentioned, (which shall be lawfulto abovelSe said be demanded and taken) that is to say, the sum of twelve pence yearly value, for every twenty shillings of the yearly value of any manor, By 8 Geo. i. meffiiage, lands, tenements and hereditaments, whereof pof- c- *5*5® fession or seisin shall be by them or any of them given, where the whole exceedeth not the yearly value of one hundred pounds, an extent and and the sum of six pence only for every twenty shillings per an- liberate. mm over and abov£ the said yearly value of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And whereas it often happens that fmallfums only are re- Poundage maining due upon judgments, statutes and recognizances given, ac- be

Jtnowledged and entered into for great sums and penalties, and never- cuts^ean'ca* theless in theft cases upon executing of writs of Capias ad satisfaci- upon'any * endum, the jheriff demands and takes for his fees poundage for the judgment,*c# whole money for which such judgments, statutes or recognizances are (°* which part tottered or acknowledged; which poundage often far exceeds the debts anpa,tl^°ep due to the plaintiffs in fiuh writs: for remedying of which griev- thane ance and inconvenience, be it enacted by the authority afore- what remains said, That from and after the said Jaft day of Michaelmas-term due to the me thousand fevea hundred and seventeen, poundage shall in no pontiff, who

F fxcafewtoma,kth4

tort ion, See. and for each offence shall forfeit to the party grieved freWeda-I, and

mages,

double

the

432 Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15. [1716.

fame on the case be demanded or taken upon executing of any writ of Copies back of the satisfaciendum, or upon charging any person in execution by

And any (he- virtue of such writ, for any greater sum than the real debt bona riff, Sec. so of- side due and claimed by the plaintiff amounteth unto; which sum fending, is the plaintiff shall be and is hereby obliged to mark and specify on guilty of ex- tfoc back of such writ, before the fame be delivered to the sheriff to be executed ; and in case any sheriff, under-(heriff, deputy-she-riff, bailiff or other person shall offend against the true meaning hereof, by taking any greater fees, gratuity or reward, than is herein before allowea, every such person so offending as afore* said, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken, and is ana are hereby adjudged, deemed sum so extort- and taken to be guilty of extortion, injustice and opprefiion 5 and ^ all and every such person and persons being thereof lawfully coo-

c^urt y c vidted as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit to the party whichiffued aggrieved treble damages* and double the sum so extorted; the writ, in a, which said damages and penalties shall be ordered, decreed and given to the said aggrieved party by the court out of which such *ue half to* wr*t or wr*t8 upon complaint and proof of such extortion

the King, the made and exhibited before the judges of such court, in such other to the short and summary way and method, as to them shall seem prosecutor, in meet. and over and above the said damages and penalties, even such person £0 offending and convidfed as aforesaid shall forfeit if such suit be the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety whereof shall be to commenced the King's majesty, his heirs and fuccerfors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue for the fame; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of the courts of record at Westminster, in which no effoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; provided such suit be commenced within two years after such offence committed, and not other* wife ; and provided likewise. That no person be sued or prosecuted by virtue of this adfc for any offence of this kind committed before the said last day of Aiicbaeltnas-term one thousand seven hundred and seventeen.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That instead of the oath usualiy administred to (henffs at the ending upon their offices, the following oath shall be taken by them and each of them respedHvely, excepting the (heriffs of the Several counties in Wales, and of the county palatine of Chester; (videlicet)

within two years.

Thf Wjarh (he- T A. B. do /wear. Tint I will* well and truly feme the Kings ijiTs new oath. £ majesty in the office cf sheriff of the county of ,

and promote his Majesty*s profit in all things that belong to my office, as far as / legally can or may \ I will truly preserve the King's rights,

ana all that belongeth to the crown; I will not assent to decrease, lessen or conceal the Kings rights, or th< rights of his franebtfesy and whensoever / shall have knowledge that the rights of the crow* art eonccaled or withdrawn, be it in lands, rents, franchfes, fitits or fir* visit, or tn any other matter or thing, I will do mg utmfft U mob

ibm

6 -

431

ty«6.J Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15.

them be rejhred to the crown again; and I may not do it myself

will certify and inform the King thereof or some of his judges; I will not respite or delay to levy the King's debts for any gift, mist, reward or favour, where I may raise the fame without great grievance to the debtors', I will do right, as well to poor as to rich, in 'all things belonging to my office; I will dono wrong to any man for any gift, reward or promise, nor for favour or hatred', 1 will disturb no marts right, and wifi truly and faithfully acquit at the Exchequer all

those of whom I shall receive any debts or duties belonging to the crown', I will take nothing whereby the King may loft, or whereby his right may be disturbed,injured or delayed-, I will truly return and truly serve all the King's writs according to the of my and knowledge j I will take no bailiffs into my fervict, but fetch as I will answer for, and will cause each of them to take fiuch oaths as do, in what belongeth to their buftnefe and occupation; will truly fet

and return reafimablt and due iffites of them that be within my bailiwick, according to their estate and circumstances, and make due panels of persans able and sufficient, and not f or procured, as is appointed by the statutes of this realm; I have not fold or let to farm, nor controlled for, nor have I granted or promised for reward or benefit, nor will I fell or let to farm, nor contrail for, or grant for reward or benefit,by myself or any other person for pr for my use, direilly or indireflly, my sheriffwick or any bailiwick thereof, or any offset belonging thereunto, or the profits of the to any person or persons whatsoever; I will truly and diligently execute the ggod taws and statutes of this realm-, and in all things well ■and truly behave myself in my office,for the honour of the King and

the good of his subjeHs, and discharge the fame according to the best

of my/kill and power. \

So help me God.

' * - f ' »

XIX. And be it eroded by the authority aforesaid, That the following oath shall be taken by all uridcr-iheriffs of any county or counties of South-Britain, except the several counties of Walts, and county, palatine oi Chester, before they enter upon the execution of . their offices respectively; (videlicet)

I A. B. do/wear,That 1 will well and truly serve the King's .

majesty in tbs office of under-fljtriffof the county of ^ery1

and promote his Majestys profit in all things that belong to the said oath.

■office, as far as I legally can or may; I will preserve the King's bights, and all that beJengeth to the crown', I will not offent to decreaft,

lefftn or conceal the King's rights, or the rights his ;

and wibtitfsever I /ballhobo knowledge that the rights of the crown

are concealed or withdrawn, be it in kinds, rents, franchifts, fusts or Jennets, or in any other matter or thing, I will do my utmost to make them be restored to the crown again s and if I may not do it of myself,

I will certify and inform feme of his Majestfs judges j / will not rejpittor delay to levy the King's debts for any gift, promise, reward or favour,where I may raft the fame without great griev-

ance to the debtors', I wifi do right as wtU to poor as to rieb, in all

Ft3 things

434

Anno terrio Gsoftoit I. c. ij, [1716.

things bcltnging to my offset-, / will da wring te any man fir

gift, reward or promise,nor for favour or hatred-, I no man's right, and will truly and faithfully acquit at the Exchequer all theft of whom I shall receive any debt, duties or sums of money belonging to the crown-, / will take nothing whereby the King may lose,or whereby his right may be diflurbtd, injured or delayed-, / will truly return, and truly serve all the writs

iny flail and knowledge \ 1 will truly fet and return reasonahk due iffetts of them that be within my bailiwick, according to their tfeates and circumstances; and make due panels of per font able end fufficirnt, and not fufpeCted, or procured, as is appointed by the inttsof this realm-, I have not or taken to Jam,

ir contracted for, nor have I ', or given any confederation,

I tortoill I buy, purchafo or take to farm, or contract for, prmife or give any confederation whatsoever, by myself, or any other perfea for me or for my use, directly or indireffly, to any perftm or perjm whatfoaver, for the office of of the county of

, which / am now to enter upon and enjoy, nor fa the profits of the fame, nor for any bailiwick thereof, or any otba place or office belonging thereuntoI have not fold nor ceutro&ed for, ‘br let to farm, nor have I granted or promised, for reward or benefit. by myself, or any other forme or far my use, or

indirectly,any bailiwick thereof, or arty other plate or office belonging thereunto-, I wtUtruly and diligently execute the good laws and fla-

lutes of this realm-, and inuH things and truly behave myself n my said office for his Majestft and for the good his

fuhjeCts, and discharge sty whole duty to thebtfl of mg

/kill and power.

So -help pie God.

' /' ..."

How and by Which said oath is hereby ordered and enacted to be admi-whom the said Yiiftred and given by (itch CDmmiIfiori6rs:as 4hall be baififcdand °‘th?!® t* ‘authorized to adminifller the foregoing bath to the high sheriff in adnuwftred. ^ country, when: and so often a* a cootaniffioh or Dedirma dull ■be sued forth of the prbper court fot that purpose, .or by the barons of the said court* or one of them* when the said <herif£s desire to be sworn in town.

Sheriffs of; XX. Provided that the fberiBs of andthfe cdtmtjr pi-Wales and Ratine of Chefltr, shall nbt be obliged to take the afarefaid oaths, take the old or e‘foer of them, but foall fttll take the ufuil and accuftotned oath with an oaths as they have formerly done (except the words following, pmission. videlicet. Ye shall be dwelling m your own proper perfin yoitlanym bailiwick, for the time ye /bail continue hs the Jame office, except ye be etherwtfe Kcensed by the King) which words Biall' hereaftek be

|eft out of the said oaths.

Thiiafl not to XXI. Provided that this act, or any thing therein contained,

extend to (he- shall not eytend tb the ffterrffis of and MidMeJbx, the

riffs of Lon- 'county palatine of Durham, foe county of ok to the

theirdifoofina ^ei-iffs of any city or town being* county of itself, or to any of ofihe offices of *«*» as to their placing in crdifpoCng of spy of the office*,

' * ■ placff

■ 71&] Anao tertio Georgii I. c. 15.

places or employments of their under-(heriffs, county-clerks, nader-fherifs* bailiffs, or other officers, or their continuance therein. &c-

XXII. And whereas by an act made in the four and five and j, h. I*

thirtieth years of King Henry the Eighth, An act for cer- c. . tain ordinances in the King's majesty's dominions and principality of Wales, it if (among/} other things) enabled. That there /ball be sheriffs in every of the twelve shires of Wales, yearly appointed by the King's majesty, and that the sheriffs shall yearly account before ftuh the King's auditor or auditors shall be dfign-

ed and appointed by the King't majestyfor his dominion of Wales: be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, sheriffs in That the said (heriffs of Wa'es shall not be compelled to ap- Wales to ae-pear to be appofrd in his Majesty's court of Exchequer, but «>unt, as by shall account before .his Majesty's said auditor or the auditors the au-of the principality of Wales,and not elsewhere; any law, fta- ditorsof tute, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: and Wales, and _ that the Quietus of the Dud (heriffs, under the auditor's handy havetheirqui-sor his deputy, shall be a sufficient discharge for the said (heritfs 5“signed bjr in that behalf.

xxm. And whereas by the act made in the thirteenth 11 & '4 Car. s.

teenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An c* **'

-for , preventing the nnnecessary charge of (heriffs, and for <ease in passing theur accompts, itwas (amongst other things) provided, That thofherffs of -the- county of Chester, Lancaffef and Durham, bring counties palatine, as to their manner of accounting,

Jboidi account before tbf reheftive auditors of the counties only and

not elfewhtrt: foe it enacted and declared by die authority afore- Sheriffs of laid. That the respective auditors of the said counties, or thfcir Cheshire, See. deputies, by virtue of their respective offices, shall and may blthefaidaft* take, (rate and allow the accounts of the (heriffs of the said re- before the au-fjpedive counties, and appofe the said (heriffs respectively touch- ditors of those tng the execution of the proeels to them respeaively directed, counties} called the King's procef*) and that the said respective sheriff^ upon such their accounts touching the premisses, shall and may have, sue forth, ahd Obtain their respetfive Quietus ejl and dir-charge from the said respejSive auditors or their deputies, ac- &c. from those cording to their ancient court and usage of the (heriffs of the auditors.

said counties palatine only.

' XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sheriffs of the .That die (heriffs of the city and county of the city of Chester^ city of Chester and their successors, shall and may account, as formerly, before ^*^°un[t ” thetnayor of the same city, and nis facceffors (for the time be- M,r_

frig) fdr and Touching all such matters and things as have been oroftbatcity^ heretofore granted from the crown to the fame city in and by for all things their' several and respedhve charters. granted by

And as for and concerning all other matters and ButfwotW* tfhiqgs whatsoever, not mentioned to be granted in or by the matter,before charters of or to the fame city, and for jphich the (heriffs of the the auditors of feme city -arc or ought to be accountable to his Majesty, his l|je ** heirs and successors; it is hereby further declared and enacted 2* 1®*

by (be authority aforesaid, That the (heriffs of the said . v

Anno tertio Georgii I. C. i£. ‘ [1716.

Chejter, and their successors, shall at all times hereafter account for and concerning the fame, before, and be apposed by, and obtain their Jgnhtus estand discharge from the auditor of the

county of Chefer, or his deputy, in like manner as the (herifis of the said county of Chester are by this act appointed to do, and not elsewhere, or in any other manner whatsoever.

The SCHEDULE or LIST in the act mentioned,

A SCHEDULE o£FEES to be paid for passing the patents of the several (herifis or England and Wales.

The tbargt taken and rttehedin tit court of chancery on account

Jiang out of the patents of the fevered sheriffs of England and Wales, that are feed out there, for each the particulars are followeth.

s.

THE King's daty for (bmps ««— ■■ i ■ o sa

To the foneant trumpeter — r- j o

To the m after of the rolls ■«■ i — 6 8

Signing the doequet m . ■ ■ 4

Hanaper foe ■■■ - o 15

The fix clerks foe on the patent, writ ofaifiiUnce, writ 1 of discharge, and dtdimus putftatmf

For ingrafting the patent, writ of affiftaace, writ of dif- a charge, tUdimus pottftatm, the three oaths, the docqnet > t- 14 4 parchment,, anqattendingthe foaling the patent j The recognizance apd duty in a Wellh patent, more 036

A SCHEDULE of FEES to be paid by the (heriffs of England and Wales for passing thetr ac* counts.

L < 0 «

0 p

1 7

FEES to be paid to the clerl of the pipe fit the apposal efsheriffs,

CAnt9 ——

Cumbr9 — ■■■■

Ebor9 < -----

Hunt' « -----

Lond' and Mid'ftr — —?

Lincoln ■

Monmouth, . ■

Northumbr' —

Jutland ■■ - ■

Wcftmor9 ..

The rest of the counties of England* each

L /. d. —— 1 if 4

-----  » 13 4

{o o 6 f

-----  * o o

-----  * 13 4

-----  1 13 4

— :i 1

■ - - 1 6 8

FBEt

*7**1

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15.

FE ES to btpaid to the clerk of the pipe at catling out of ,

and for the quietus, and chancellor's allowance.

I.

f^Ant* Hunt* ■

^ Comb*  -----  -----

Ebor*  ----- -

Kent' ■- ■

Lond' Mid'sex  ----- -

Monmouth —

Northumbr* —■

Rutland ..

Westtnor' ■

The rest of the counties of England, each

s.

4 1

t 16

to 3

4 I

5 i

2 16 2 16

1 16

2 3

3 3

d.

1

4

t

ft

ft

8

4

4

CASUAL FEES to the clerk of the pipe for the allowance rf justices wages in the counties followings viz.

T?Bor*  ----- --  -----  -----  -----  -----

JEL Lond' Mid'sex -■ - ■

Lincoln —— — -  ----- --

The rest of the counties of England, if any such allowance be made

For setting of a seizure or debt, by petition or judgment of court, when it happens For allowance'of a record of surpluskge far the first five pounds -

For every other five pounds * »

I. r. 1

° >3 o 10

o 6

J.

o

4

o

.8

6 1 e

1 » 6 . 6

- of

4

4

FEES to he paid to the clerk of the pipe for the several cities'and '■ accounting towns for their whotTfRiti, and quietus

' « -—- 1 /- 0. A

£jlvit* Biiftol'

Civit' Glouc'

Civil* Ebor*

Vil' NOvi Castri Civit* Cantnar*

Civit* Covtotry-‘Civit' Exoii'

Civit* LitchP Civit* Lincoln Civitf Norwic'

Vil' Kingston super Hull Vil'N_ .

Vil' Fool Vil' Sopth'ton ,

of each "1 to #

of each

9

FEES

Mao terrio Gmcxgu L

4S*

FEES to be paid to the /oandnriu,and others the links i*

the said off**, atthe eQfcfdt rf their weeing into their

qccount, and writing their annual , together with the vi-cohtels of tbt foot or charge of their whole account.

BUPf .

Berks I Bucks J ^ ant'- tfnnt'

*oi»ub'

.umpr'1 )erb'

Kffex KbW'

Glouc'?

Hei*f>$each Hert'

Kane Xinotln W

lonfl' Mi4*sex, two fagar-loam and Monmouth .. ■■

$to#' ' ;

North'ton, _ - ».~i j'"-1"*

Northualf ----——.

£o*e ........ ..........

Oxon' - ..

KuUV

K:t h

ourr $o#fex

gjf H

south'ton , taP 1 i!

Somerf Westmorl*

Ware Wigora*,

Wilts

}**

—'— a o -o --- & rj 4

© o

lifting out of , and for quietus*

. TDEdf*

D Backs

Berks'

Cant' Hone

Conmb'

Cumbe

Derb'

Devon

tttrSV\

Efle*

Anno torts? GzoRotr h *5*

5]

c'

f'

>ln  ----- --

* Midd'xj two (Wgar-loaves and noutii ■* ■*-»

c }**

rf*

nbr*

rtf

439

/'EE 5 tf Jbtriffs for cities and accounting towns.

it'Bristol'

:ivit* CiataaP 1 Etor^

' Coventry Exon*

Glouc*

' Lincoln titchf ' Norwich Wigorn*.

SJnglton fiiper Hull

fottT

Castrum

*ool —

South'ton

norandum, The IherifF* of the counties palatine of Chester and Reader do not account before the clerk of the pip'e, but be* ore the respective auditor of those counties; but their books feeing writ every year, and certificates made (of what they tdke dL charge) to the auditor, the following foes are to be taktnby he clerk of the pip^ and the fworh clerk for those counties, vizj.

t $. d.

FEES

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15.

C1716.

FEES to be paid to the first secondary.

/. /. i.

r>R allowing the (herifis tallies of proser in each county o 6 ft

In each city and town —03

Making up the sheriff's fnni, containing his whole charge 1 in York jf 0 '3

Lond' MiddHex

For the rest of the counties, each

o it

o 6

Allowing a talley de remanptte ctmpt* or any other talley 1 dt foV in his account, when such happen )

For charging a post-ferow, which rarely happens o

To the second fecMary.

If an extraordinary length

To the fiortubag.

/.

F)R ingrossing the ferow of green wax of the sheriff ) of the county of York J 1

Lond9 Midd'sex  ----- --

The rest of the counties of England, each For the accounting towns and cities, each

Cofual and accidental fees to the fioom clerks in their respe&ve of* signments, viz.

FOR a eonftat of a feizare or debt, in order to4 be ruled of, ormfeharged For settling of a leizure or debt upon a sheriff's account, by petition or judgment of court, when it happens -

Filing the certificates of felons goods, and charging the debts therein contained, each

For the allowance of jufliecs wages.

YOrk  -----

Lond9 Midd'sex ■-

Lincoln  ----- -

The rest of the counties of England, each

For Jberijfi allowances.

T?B or9  ----- -

H Lond9 Midd9sex  -----

The rest of the counties, each —■

Record of surplusage for the first five pounds For every other five pounds ——

L

z

z

1

/. / o p o 0 o 0

o *3 4

/. /. d.

yi 1

068 068 O S ♦

17*6.]

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15.

441

To tie writing clerk for th* bufinefi of the whole year.

/. /. d.

Cint' Hunt*

Cornub'

Devon* % —

Ebor*  -----

Kant* ----

Lincoln - —

Lond* Midd'sex Monmonth —

Rutland —-

Somers* —

Sussex »■— ■

Westmorl* —

The rest of the counties, each Civit* Bristol

Civit* Ebor* -

.Civit* Norwic* —

Kingston fui>er Hull * Novum Castrum Vil* Pool —

The rest of the cities, each Com* Pal* Ceftr*

Com' Pal* Lane*

500

0 O Q

60m 15 O. O 7 0 0

0 IO O

600

300

1 O Q

7 *3 4

3 IO o

2 0 0 $00 too I O Q IOO

0 18 4

1 o o 068

0 ll t

o 6 g

oil 4

To be paid to the bagman of the office at the appofei of tbejheriffs

L /. 4.

Of England, in each county, two killings and six pence, ?

and the calling ov\f $ * °

And for each city and accounting town ■—■ — 026

FE E S to be paid to the controller of tbo pipe.

/ / d*

FOR apposal of Lond* Midd'sex, and York, each 200 For jagpolal of Surry, Suftex, Rutland and West- Q ^

For apjposal of every other county » — 17$

For calling out of Lond' Midd'sex, and York, each 200 For calling out of Surry, Suftex and Rutland, each — o 15 o For calling out of every other county ■■■ —■ 1 10 o

For return of summons for London,Middlesex, and York, 1 ^ „ each

For return of ever yother summons ■

For petitions, which seldom happen ■■ ■ 02$

4t».

Awatdfio C&ofcoir t <8» Is*

Tbt FEEStfk tain, by tbtthrtt tftrh vf tbt mfrtUer rf

pipe irf faffing jberiffi accounts.

VS

. Hmf'

' North'ton (mry LutW' load', (tidd'lGu . 1 ^ambr* tferef' peic'

Norf*

TJott*

fitaC War* ;

$ufl*x Serb'

©*QC' -

Cant'Hunt'* Clone'

Kant*

Essex Bock*

Monmouth B«rk|

Suffolk South'ton Worcefftr . Wilts * Salop

North umbr* Lincoln Cornwall Devon'

Porfet Somerset Ebor*

Westmor* '

each

■ each 'to*

►each

each

'each

►each

each ►each

Appofiris. Casing oeu L S % itm A ,i» mm

— i a 6

-15a

—.150

1 ix 6

— i 1$ o

— 1 19 z

— t z 6

)

z 9 z

392

3 9 2

4 l& 8

o 17 6

1 q o

' S 0

3 S d

t to 0

1 15 0 1 16 9

i o 0

a 6 9

a 6 9

3 6

4 16 9 o 17 6

Fqf atturri of every summons, (even shillings and six pence; ex* cep; Lend' Mid'sex, fifteen shillings $ York one pound and five Shillings and Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Lincoln, Somerset, Suffolk, South'ton, Wilts and Salop, each seventeen shillings and six pence. For the petition of allowance, three shillings and six pence; except in London, Middlesex, and York, thirteen shillings and four pence; and in Cornwall, Devon and Somerset, six shillings and eight pence each; for evert other petition, one shilling; and for the justices wages in London and Middlesex, ten millings.

FEES

*?*&]

AnoQ tertb Qboboq I. ui&-

Hi

10

&

FEES to be paid by sheriffs in the King's remembrancer*s office* upon giving security when be enters into his office.

/ / d.

TIE stamp duty of the recognizance —

The caption tee before the baron — —

The King's remembrancer's fee for the fame, for the counties of York and Norfolk, for each of them To him for every other county of England, except Lan-caster and Durham, and the several counties of Wales, which give no security in the Exchequer To the attorney for making the recognizance, attending the baron, entering and inrolling the recognizance, ^ making thefiatt and duty for the lame, and filing the warrant of attorney J

Upon the apposal of every sheriff upon the process re-1 turnabl# in filler term to the deputy remembrancer J To the attorney that receives and files the writs, and qt-5 tends the apposals of the sheriffs 3

The like upon the process returnable in Michaelmas term For making the certificate when the sheriff enters upon " his account of what seizures are by him made upon the process returned in that office, during his year

o 13 ♦

0X0 0

o 18 o

050

4

9

0 4 4

Treasurer's remembrancer's office in the court of Exchequer.

FEE S taken ofsheriffs in the said office on passing their accounts'by the remembrancer.

/. H d.

UPON a baron's warrant for refpitinga fherifPs ap-pofals, or for a day over to finish his accounts ^ '

4

o 6 a 6

By the Jwom Clerks.

FO R making the view of ar fherifPs account in Easter and Michaelmas term, five killings each term, viz. a For giving a sheriff notice termly, during his year of^ office, of any information or plaint agarnft him, according to the statute in that case made and provided^ and- for attending his appo&ls before the barons, and in EaUer and Michaelmas terms, twenty fhil lings each term, yiz.

/.

r.

Upon the view of a sheriff vs accounts in Easter and Michaelmas term Upon the commission to swear a sheriff in the country to account

Upon examining and ruling a sheriff's petition of allowance for the two days granted ex gratia curia for ^ finiihing his account, and for filing his affidavit of " felons goods.

Upon examining and ruling any other petition in a she- ._

riff's account, when any such happens  -----  -----  J

Upon a record of surplusage, for the first five pounds — 6 For every other five pounds —— — — 3 4

For filing any Confiat warrant, or other Exhibit —— — I —

— 10 —

2 —

For

444

Anno tcrfio Georgii I. rj.

r«7i&

For drawing any warrant to be signed by the chancellor 1____

or a baron — — ■ " )

For attending a baron for his hand thereto —

For directing a sheriff in his btfinefs during die three terms he is upon his account, ten shillings each term.

For making the commission to swear a sheriff in the country to account pursuant to a warrant from a baron for

that purpose — — -——

For the oath thereunto annexed — - 1

For a high (herifPs warrant to be (worn to account, 1

f'when he comes in person) and for attending his being V worn  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  ----- ---- j

/. d. 6 8 -34 I io —

- IO 0 -68

id putting in a (herifPs bill of prefers at") * Exchequer in Cro* Cl? Pafcbe & Cro9 I en his year is ended, at his swearing to f

For an under-sheriff's warrant For attending and putting in a (herifPs bill of profors at the receipt of E ~ "

Sc? Mich* when account

For entring the two days ex gratia curt*

For drawing a (herifPs oath touching felons goods —

Fora copy thereof to transmit to the pipe  -----  -----  -----

For a certificate of the execution of a process  -----  -----

For a search in order to make such certificate - -■

For drawing any petition in parchment and inrolling it

For inrolling a sheriff s bill of allowance  -----  ----- -

For inrolling any schedule in Onert couftat or warrant by )

the roll  -----  ----- -- .  ----- — ■ j

For .a record of surplusage, for the first five pounds —

For every other five pounds  -----  ----- ---  -----  ----- --—

For copying any seizure made by a sheriff, per sheet

For examining and signing the fame ■ -----  -----  —

For a writ of affiilance and seal  -----  -----   ----- ---- .

For attending at Westminster to difinifs a sheriff the) court, on finishing his account - ■ c

3 4 6 8

r j

6

6 8

}

IJ

— *3 4 6 8 6 8

— 3 4

8

— 34

— io —

— 6 8

By the Filazer+

FOR entring a high sheriffs commission or warrant)

ad computand* on the scroll of accountants - f — 5 —

For au under-(herifPs warrant, and any warrant ad re-j

cipiend* trrruia. ■ — — , r— 2 —

For the sheriff s tallies of prefers - - * __

For entring a (herifi's writs on the bills — - . _

And when he comes post diem, and amerciaments are fet 1

by the court, then for.each amerciament one shilling >_

being usually fix, during his year, viz. \_____-

When any plea, composition, order, or the like, happen* donut a (henfrs aeeount, through his defaults or contempt*, he mm the fame fee* that are paid by other suitors. r

Apr

rjrifcjj

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15.

Thfrt have been feme jmall fees time out of mind paid to the under-

clerks, viz.

/. /. J.

FO R writing a warrant or affidavit —— — — i —

On return of process twice a year, five shillings, viz. — 10 — For engrossing a commission, and oath annexed —~ — 5 —*

As Ukewife to the Portubag, viz.

is. 4

FO R carrying any writ to be sealed . —■■■- ——* —. —.6

For a comnuffion ——7- ...... ——— — 1 —«

A (he riff pays him at each of his appofals two shillings, viz. — 4 And for postage of all his business, during the time ne is ' upon his account —— ■■ ■■ ■

A particular of such feet as are to be paid by sheriffs in the office of remembrancer of the first-fruits and tenths in his Majesty's Exchequer.

/. 4

FOR attending the (heriiPs appofals at Westminster 1

upon their returning of writs issued for arrears of v— 4 4 first-fruits, and for filing the fame in Eastar term, each j The like for Michaelmas term —— -—44

FE E S to be received by the foreign appofer, his deputy or chief clerk, of all sheriffs of counties, cities and towns, at their appojal upon the summons of the green wax, and for making out the jteflicn wages when craved by the Jhcriff.

Counties.

T) Ed ford

JP Berks —

Bucks —

Cambr* Hunt' Cornwall Cumberland Derby — —

Devon ---

Dorset ——«

Essex —

Gloucester Hereford

Hertford -

Kent —

Leic* ----

Lincoln

Lond' and MidTex Monmouth Norfolk —

North'ton —

Nottingham Northumberland Vol. XIII.

G g

Apposal.

/ i. 4 3 5 * 3 5

3 5

I 5

<> 5 j 5 - 3 *8 7 5

1\

4 s 3 S 3

6 5

1 5

6 5

7 10

I I

* »S

Justicea.

/. ages >.

/. J.

1 12 6

1 12 &

1 12 6

1 12 6

1 12 6

1 12 6

I 12 6

1 12 6

' 1 12 6

1 12 6

1 12 &

1 12 6

1 12 6

1 12 6

i 12 6

l 12 6

5 IO 0

l IX 6

3 S' 0

1 12 6

1 12 6

1 12 6

Oxford

44*

Counties.

Anno ccrdo Georgii I. c. 15.

Appo&L

[17*6.

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

Somerset

South'ton

Stafford

Suffolk

Surrey —

Sussex —

Warwick

Weffmoreland

Worcester

Wilt*

York

Cities.

BRiffol

Coventry

Canterbury

Exeter

Glouc*

Litchfield

Lincoln

Norwich

Worcester

York

Towns.

3 5 1 lS +15

u

3 S

7

3

3

3

> *5 3 5 S S 9 5

Joffice* Wa

1 12

0 o

1 12 1 12 1 12 1 12

t 12 l 12 3 5

6

o

6

6

6

6

0

6

6

6

0

6

6

0

Apposal*.

/. /. i.

o

o

0

1

o

o

0

1

o

o

6

6

6

6

6

i#

ic 10 12 6

KIngfton super Hall Nottingham NewcalUe upon Tyne

Pool  ----- -

South'ton ■■

Appo&li.

■ ' O IC 10

---- , ----- ---- o 17 6

-----  o 17 6

* O 14 2

-- o 17 6

FE ES to be taken by the clerk of the extracts in his Majtfljs courtof Exchequer t and by the clerk in that office, of oB

sheriffs accountable in the Exchequerupon their on tin

summonsof the Green Wax.

I. e. i.

the clerk of the extracts for Northumberland and \

A Weffmoreland, each Of London and Middlesex ■— ■

Of the county of Rutland —

Of every other county, each —

Of the city of Exon  ----- --

Of every other city and- town, e^jh

To the, fwom clerk for writing out the summons twice uwqr ytmy and attending the appofals.

o 10 o

120 O 13 4 100 o 10 o 06*

«r

Annoterdo Georgii 1. c. 15.

44 7

Of the county of Rutland ■

Of Ebor* -

Of Surrey  -----  -----  -----  ----- -- ■»*■■■—

Of Westmoreland . ■■■■ — .  -----

Of the counties of HereP, HertP, Oxon* SufP and 1

ISouth'ton, each ....................... — -  ----- - J

Of every other connty -.....- ----

Of the cities of Bristol, Litchfield, and town of Pool, each

Of the city of Exon .... —  ----- --

Of every other city and town, each . ——

The fee due to the chancellor of the Exchequer, his secretary and clerk, for passing a fheriiPs allowance,

. to be ....— ■■ — -

/.

0

1 i

o

1

'll

A

z

8

4

8

6

8

io

d

4

P IS o

FE E S to be taken by tbi cwrfitor-barin^ and his clerk, of the ft* veral sheriffs of England.

I, /. /

TO the baron for fweaiing to their account, and ) * g

flgning their warrant ■- ■ -« ■ — J

To his clerk  -----  -----  ----- - »■■■-■ o

To the baron at their appofals «■ ■ i

To his clerk

To the baron at their caking out of court To his clerk ■ - —

4

o

7

o

7

Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, and sheriffs of the county of York, pay doable fees, and the sheriffs of Sussex, Surrey* Rutland and Westmoreland, pay half fees.

FE E S certain and casual to be paid by the sheriffs to the marfbals of his Majesty's court of Exchequer, granted to them by patent under the great seal without salary.

Easter Term.

AL L sheriffs of the counties of England come then")

to be apposed on their writs and process before the f f f __ barons, and pay the said marshals (except Rutland (

and Yorkshire) — J

Rutland to pay half that fee, viz. —-— o 7 11

Yorkshire double - —■ 1 11 8

Michaelmas Term.

The fame sheriffs are apposed again on the fame writs and process, and to pay their fees' as above*

Easter Term.

Sheriffs of the cities and towns, and deputies of the cinque ports, each of them to pay severally upon their appofals then as follow* eth, viz*

/. /. i.

Lincoln, Canterbury, Pool, Gloucester, Wigorn, Not-1

tingham, Coventry, South' ton, Litchfield, and de- >088 puty of the .cinque ports — — 3

G g 1 York*

4*4

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. ij

York, Norwich, Exon, Newcastle, Hull Bristol city — ----- ----—

Michaelmas Term

TH E sheriffs of cities and towns above/ apposed then, 1 are to pay the fame fees as paid in Easter term/ and > when /worn to account, are to pay no more ■■ }

Bailiffs of liberties sworn to account, are to pay each Bristol efcheator is to pay ■ 1 1 ■«

Michaelmas Term.

SHERIFFS of counties prefixed that term to bel sworn, and to take their accounts in charge before the I cursitor-baron, on the summons of the pipe, and be- I fore the foreign appofer upon the green wax, viz. Ef- > sex, Hertford, Kent, Cambr*, Hunt', North'ton, Lin- [ coin. Stafford, Wigorn, Wilts, Cornub', Salop, Berks, I and Bucks, are to pay each - — J

Rutland is to pay half that fee  ----- -

London and Middlesex is to pay his fees for a whole year London gauger then sworn in court is to pay — ■

Hillary Term.

SHERIFFS of counties fwom and apposed before the' cursitor-baron and foreign appofer, as in Michaelmas term, viz. Surrey, Sussex, Oxon, Berks, Nor- I folk, Suffolk, Hereford, Dorset, Monmouth, Somerset, Derby, Nottingham, Devon, Gloucester, Warwick, South'ton, and Leicester, to pay each York pays double — - —

Easter Term.

SHERIFFS of Cumberland and Northumberland, then prefixed and apposed on the summons of the pipe and green wax, Before the cursitor-baron and foreign

appofer to pay each — - — * -----

Weitmorelana then to pay his fees for the whole year

Lancashire for the whole year .........

Cheshire for the whole year  -----  -----  ——

All sheriffs discharged by proclamation in the court, except York .

York is to pay —............

Casual FEES.

SHERIFFS attached by order of court or warrant Sheriffs in cufipdy per diem, until discharged -

[tyi6.

/ s. o I3 * o io 6

/. t. it

o 3

o o 8

o 3 4

/.

* 9

o i4 7 ( i* o e 8 S

/. d.

i 9

2 18 i

/. /. d.

i 9 i

268 3 to o 368

0 13 10

1 tt 8

L s. i.

1 *i i

0 0 8

X.

17*$.] Anno t&tioGEORGII I. c. 15.'

Jf the marshal rides into the country, six pence per mile forwards, and the fame backwards, towards his charges, from the sheriff on whose account he roes.

/. /. d.

Fvery sheriff that hath further time given him by order 1

of court or warrant to pass his accounts, or to be ap- >068 posed, to pay — - ■ .....— j

The FE E S to be taken by the four ujbers of his Majesifs court of

Exchequer.

/. /. i.

OF every high sheriff when he enters on recognizance I

in the Exchequer  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  J 0

Of every sheriff of a county fwom to answer upon his two appofals on the King's remembrancer, treasurer's remembrancer and first-fruits process, for each the

said appofals ■■■■ ■  ----- ----  -----  -----

Of every sheriff of a city, &c. on each of the said two

appofals ■■ —■ '  -----  -----

Of every sheriff of a county fwom to his account in court or elsewhere, and on his apposal on the pipe-process before the cursitor-baron — ■■■

Of every sheriff of a city, Sec. on the like apposal Of every sheriff of a county at his calling out of court 1 or finishing his account - — j

London, Middlesex and Yorkshire to pay double.

8 6

086

040 018 6

6

Q

O 1

d.

o

FEES to be taken by the court-keeper of his Majesifs court of Exchequer

/.

OF every high sheriff when he enters on recognizance )

in the Exchequer — J

Of every sheriff of a county-town to answer upon his~ two appofals on the King's remembrancer, treasureris remembrancer and first-fruits process, for each of the 0 * 0

said appofals  -----  ----- - - - ——

Of every sheriff of a city. Sec. on each of the said two

appofals ^ * 0 1 Q

Of every sheriff of a county fwom to his account in* > court or elsewhere, and on his apposal upon the pipe-J process. before the cursitor-baron - — <

Or every sheriff of a city, See. on the like apposal — — o Of every sheriff of a county upon his apposal on the sum-1 mons of green wax before the foreign appofer and >

clerk of the eflreatj J

Jf apposed out of term - — -— ■■ o

Of every sheriff of a city, Sec. on the like apposal -■ o Of every sheriff of a county, Sec. on his calling out of 1 . court, or finishing his accounts — J 0

I*ondon? Middlesex and York are to pay double.

3 & I o 0*0

6

P

2 Q

*£SS

450

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15,

F E E S to ie received by the messenger of the said ceurt, viz.

OF every sheriffF of a county fwom to answer upon' Us two appofals on the King's remembrancer, treasurer's remembrancer and firit-fruits process, for

each of the said appofals  -----  -----  ----- --- ■----

Of every sheriff of a city for each of the said two ap- ' pofals - — ■■ ;

London Middlesex and York to pay double,

► 068

0 3 4

FEES to be received by the tipflaff in the said court.

/.

OF every high sheriff when he enters on recognizance )

in the Exchequer — J

Of every sheriff of a county fworoto answer upon his'' two appofals upon the King's remembrancer, treafu- 1 rer's remembrancer and firit-fruits process, for each

of the said appofals —  ----- ---

Of every of * city, &c* sworn to answer the like

Ofevcry sheriff of a county sworn to his account in court " or elsewhere, and on his apposal on the pipe-process before the cursitor-baron ■ —- ■■ — 1 _

Of every sheriff of a city^ &c. on his apposal on the

' pipe-process before the cursitor-baron  -----  ----- ----

Of eveiy sheriff of a county at his casting out of court, and finishing Us account — —■ ■

, JLondon Middlesex and York to pay .double.

FEES and allowances to be paid to the auditors of the Exchequer, for making up and puffing fb? under-mentioned sheriffs accounts,

viz.

i o

0 2 0

O 1 0

O3O

CIO

0 2 0

* 1* inrolling a fherilPs patent, filing the fcveril cer-"

X1 dficates, drawing and ingrossing the account, and ^ for the Quietus of the sheriffs of Cnelhlre ahd Lanca-shire, the fees for each county to be ^ ■■ ■■ ■

For the county palatine of Durham, according to ancient]

custom  ----- ---- — — -'

For casting out of sheriffs in open court, except Lon- ‘ don and Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, each county For London Middlesex, Yorks and Lincoln, each county

►ap q o

968

0 IP

1 p

fEE S to be paid by the sheriffs of Wales to the auditor of Wales ' and Cheshire, for the several sheriffs of Waifs.

I.

FO R every old seizure charged in the fherilPs account o For every new seizure charged in the fherilPs account o For inrolling a fherifPs patent, filing the several certifi-1 cates, drawing and ingrossing the account, and for the V Quietus efty for each county - - * -----  -----  -----  ----- --- J

s. i

1 o

2 o

8 18 4

n$

451

1716.]

Anno terb'o Georgii I. c. i

The FEES due to the receiver of North and South Wales.

. I. t. d.

FROM every sheriff upon passing his accounts at the 1

audit for the signing his accounts and entring in > z 13 4

the revenue-book - —  -----  ----- --3

For the sheriffs of Cheshire.

/. /. d.

FO R iorolliftg the fheriiPs patent, filing the several 1

certificates, drawing and ingrossing the account, and > 20 o o for the Quietus eft - -- - ----— ■ j

CAP. XVI.

An act for the better enabling sheriffs to sue out their patents and pass their accounts,

WHEREAS it is not reasonable that the sheriffs of this kingdomr, who are obliged to take upon them that troublesome and expensive office for the service of their country, should pay those large fees that are demanded of them, and of right belong to the officers and clerks of the chancery, Exchequer and pipefor paffmg their 'patents and accounts and obtaining their Quietus's : and whereas it would be unreasonable to take their due fees from the officers and clerks, or to .expect that they should do the duty of their respective offices 1 without a reasonable reward for their labour: and whereas the whole expence of passing the patents and the accounts of the several sheriffs herein after mentioned amounts to four thousand pounds: therefore, to the end that the (heriffs may be eased and justice done to the said officers and clerks, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from After Stfpt.29, and after the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our *7>7-thevear-^ordone thousand seven hunarad and fevehteen, the yearly sum ly^™£aii be of four thousand. pounds shall be set apart at the receipt of the £t apart in the Exchequer, out of such fund as by any act of this session of par- Exchequer. Jiament shall be charged with the said yearly sum, and in such manner as shall be thereby appointed, for the uses and purpose* hereafter mentioned.

* II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Out of the there shall be yearly and every year paid out of the monies monies so fet which shall, from time to time, be so let apart, upon the first hereafter e*?* day of Micbelmas-Term, to the several (heriifs for the time being, pressed shall of the several counties herein after mentioned, the several and be paid to the respective sums herein after exprefTed, to enable them reflectively several (herifft, to bear the expences of the respectiVe letters patents for their **‘h

offices, and to pass their respective accounts, and to obtain their p^nts, Uq* respective £hiefus*s: the said yearly sums to Le received without 2fiy account or imprest whatsoever to be set upon them, or any 7 Q Si of

Anno tertio Georgii 1. C.16. [1716,

of them, and without paying any fees or charges for the fame. Or any part thereof: that is tp fay,

TO the respective sheriffs which shall be appointed for the county of Bedford* ninety three pounds and six shillings. For the county of Berks, ninety six pounds.

For the county of Bucks* ninety six pounds.

For the counties of Cambridge and Huntington* ninety five pounds and ten shillings.

For the county of Chejbtre* sixty two pounds and ten shillings. For the county of Cornwall* one hundred and two pounds and sixteen (hidings.

For the county of Cumberland, ninety pounds and two shillings. For the county of Derby* ninety three pounds and nineteen shillings.

For the county of Devon* qne hundred and six pounds nine shillings.

For the county of Dorset* one hundred and one pounds six shillings.

For the county of Effete* one hundred jtnd eight pounds pat shillings.

For the county of Gloucester* ninety eight pounds and ten shillings.

For the county of Hereford* ninety four pounds and six shillings.

For the cqunty of Hertford* ninety three pounds.

For the county of Kent* one hundred ?nd eight pqunds tq1

shillings.

For the county of Lancaster* sixty seven pounds and seven shillings.

For the county of Leicester* ninety four rounds and six shillings. For the county of Lincoln* onp hunched and one pounds three

shillings.

For the county of Miidlesex* one hundred and nineteen pounds three shillings.

For the county of Monmouth* eighty nine pounds and three shillings.

For the county of Norfolk* one hundred and ope poupds fifteen shillings.

For the county of Northampton* ninety six pounds.

For the county of Northumberland* ninety* one pounds.

For the county of Nottingham* ninety five pounds and thirtpep shillings.

For the county of Oxon* ninety seven pounds apd seven (hilr lings.

For the county of Rutland* sixty nine poynds apd eleven (hilr lings.

For the county of Salop* ninety eight pounds and three shillings.

For the county of Somerset* onp hundred and twelve pound? and nineteen shillings,

Fof

1716;] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 17,18. 453

for the county of Southampton, one hundred and one pounds three shillings.

For the county of Staffordy ninety five pounds and ten shillings.

For the county of Suffolk, one hundred and two pounds twelyp shillings.

For the county of Surrey, ninety pounds and two shillings.

For the county of Suffexy ninety pounds and five shillings.

For the county of franvicky ninety three pounds and ten shillings.

For the coynty of WiltSy one hundred and four pounds ten shillings.

For the county of Worcejlery ninety eight pounds and threp ' shillings.

For the county of Yorky one hundred and fifty pounds.

For the county of Jnglefey, thirty pounds.

For the county of Brecony thirty pounds.

For the county of Cardigan thirty pounds.

For the county of Carmartheny thirty pounds.

For the county of Carnarvon thirty pouhds.

For the county of Denbigh, thirty pounds.

For the county of Flinty thirty pounds.

For the county of Glamorgan thirty pounds,

For the county of Merionetby thirty pounds.

For the county of Montgomery, thirty pounds.

For the county of Pfmbrokey thirty pounds.

For the county of Radnor, thirty pounds.

And to the {heriff of IVeJimorelapd for the time being, forty pounds six shillings,

cap. xvn.

An act to enable his Majesty to appoint commissioners to take, examine, state and determine the debts due to the army. E XP.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for explaining an act f affect the loft fession of parliament y intituledy An act to oblige papists to register their name9 and real estates ; and for enlarging the time of such rtgiftrtng \ and for securing purchases made by froteftants.

WHEREAS by an all made in this present parliament, inti- x Qt0m u ^ tuledy An act to oblige papists to register their names and a. c. 55. real estates, it is enaGtedy That all and every person and persons jGco.a.c.*^ not having taken the oaths therein mentioned before the lafi day of Trinity-Term in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteeny having any estate or interest in any landty tenements or hereditamentSy or who should thereafter have any ejlate or interest in any lands^ tenements or hereditaments fyingy being or arising in that part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, who was or should be a popish recufanty frpapi/ly or xvas or should be educated in the popish religion^ or whose

parent

454

Anno tertio Georgii I. c.-i$.

[1716.

The time for papists to re-gilter their names and real estates enlarged to Ott 20, 1717*

No suit for frauds in registring shall be commenced after two years.

Where manors, &c. lie Tti more counties than one, they shall be registred in the county only where the manor house Hands.

parent or parents should be a papist or papists, or who should use or profess the popish religion, should take the oaths and repeat ana fuk-scribe the declaration therein mentioned, at such times and in Jwb manner as is therein expressed, or in default thereof should, within the [pace of six months next after the time thereby appointed for him, her or them to take the said oaths, register or procure to be regiflrd his, her or their name or names, and all such lands, tenements and hereditaments whereof he, Jhe or they, or any trustee or trustees for him, her or them, or his, her or their benefit or advantagef should be in the possession or in receipt or perception of the profits, in fuA manner and form as is therein expressed, upon pain that the perfm and persons wilfully neglefling dr reftifing so to do, or committing an/ fraud in such regifiry, should forfeit the fet-fmple and inheritance if all such lands, tenement1 and hereditaments not registred or fraudulently registred, whereof he, Jhe or they, or any person or perfm in trust for him, her or them, was or were seized tn fee-fimpte et the time of such default or fraud in registring as aforesaid, and tk full value of the inheritance of all such utnds, tenements and hereditaments not registred or fraudulently registred ai aforesaid, whereof he, Jbe or they, or any person or persons in trust for him, her or-them, was not or were not seized in fee-simple at the time of fifth default or fraud as aforesaid, two third parts whereof to the ting, and the other third part thereof to such person or persons, being a pro-testant or protestants, as should Jue for the fame at the common law in any of his Majesty's courts at Westmirtfter or in the high court of chancery, as by the said act more fully appears: for the amending and explaining the said act, ana giving a further time to papists to register their names and real estates ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice , and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the time for such registring fee enlarged, and the fame is here fey enlarged to the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and seventeen.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

. That no altion or suit for any penalty or forfeiture contained in

this or the said former alt, for wilfully negldting or refilling to register, or for committing fraud in such registry, shall be commenced or brought after two years after the offence com* mitted, against any person offending therein.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That

where it shall happen that any manors or reputed manors,' de» mesne or other lands, or entire farms, do lie in more counties than one, the registring of such manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments in the county only where the manor house orths house or houses to the said farm or lands do lie, and not in fart* ral counties, taking notice thereof in the said registry that the fame do extend to such other cm!-*tv or counties, shall be a fufr ficieut registring of such manors, farms or lands withiA

the true intent and meaning of (hp said recited alt,

IV,

tji6J] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. i 8. 455

IV. And whereas feme doubts have arisen, as well upon the said receited act) as also upon one other act made and pa/fed in the parlia- u & 1* W. 3. ment held in the elventh and twelfth years of the reign of the late c. 4.

King William the Third, intituled, An act for the further preventing the growth of popery; and upon another act made in the first year of the reign of the late King James the First, for the due 1 Jac. x.c. 4, execution of the statutes against jesuits, seminary pnejls, recusants, and other acts made against papijls andpopish recusants, touching the sale of the real estates of persons prof effing the popish religion, or incutring the difabitities and incapacities in the said acts mentioned: be* it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no sale for a full and

valuable consideration of any manors, messuages, lands, tene- tUm c^any**" tpents, or hereditaments, or of any interest therein, by any manors, &c. person or persons being reputed owner or owners, or in the pol- by the repat-fession or receipt of the rents and profits thereof, heretofore “ °"ner» to-made or hereafter to be made, to and for any protestant pur- 5adetoaSy chafer and purchasers, and merely and only for the benefit of protestant, protestants, shall be avoided or impeached for or by reason or shall beavoid-upon pretence of any of the disabilities or incapacities in the said p«teiij» acts or any of them contained, incurved or (upposed to be in-Set in tterel" curred by any of the persons making or joining in such sale, or ciU& by any other person, or persons from or through whom the title to such manors, messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any interest therein, is or shall be derived or supposed to be derived, unlefc before such sale the person entitled to take ad- un|ef* such vantage of such disability or incapacity shall have recovered such manors, &c. manors, messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, or were recover-

E#ven notice of nis claim and tide thereto to such purchaser, or before the ifore the contract for such sale shall have claimed the said ma-nors, messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments by reason given to the *of such disability or incapacity, and have entred such claim in purchaser, open court at the general session of the peace for the county, Gr the claim .city, riding or division wherein such manors, messuages, lands, entred at the tenements or hereditaments lie or arise, and bonaJide and with guarter-fcf-due diligence pursued his remedy in a proper course of justice“0I1, for the recovery thereof: the said several acts above mentioned -and referred for or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, That whereas it was, amongst other The cUufe in things, enacted by the said act of parliament made in the eleventh and utci % W. 3. twelfth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, Thatc- hereby

from and after the tenth day of April which should be in the year tabled from pur Lord one thousand /even hundred, every papifl or person making purchasing profefjion of the popish religion JhouU be di fabled, and was thereby any manors, made incapable to purchase either in his or her own name, or in the ?chftia]LnoJ name of any other person or persons, to his or her use, or in trust for ^erc Jr®r him or her, any manors, lands, profits out of lands, tenements, rents, pealed* terms or hereditaments within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed ; and that all andfingu-lar estates, terms and any other interests or profits whatsoever out of funds, from and after the said tenth day of April to be made, suffered

or

Anno tertfo Georgii I. c. 19—21.' (171$.

tr done, to or for the use or behoof of any such ptrfon or perftm, a \

upon any trujl or confidence mediately to or for tie benefit or relief of any fiutb ptrfon or be utterly void eti ej

no effe£l, to all intents, confiruflions and purposes : it is

11 k 11W- 3-hereby declared and enacted, That the iiud recited part of th# c‘ +* said act of parliament shall not be hereby altered or repealed,

but the fame shall be and remain in full force, as if this act bad never been made.

After Sept.19. VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 57171 huJi,1" ^at from and after the nine and twentieth day of in

year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen no from papula manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments or any interest thereby deed or in, or rein or profit thereout, shall pals, alter or change (ran wdJ, unlefi in- any papist or person professing the popish religion, by any deed or w*d» except such deed within six months after the date, By toGeo. 1. *md such will within six months after the death of the testator, c. 4. left. 19. be inrolled in one of the King's courts of record at ,

f™tnn iA tA, or e^e w*lhin the fame county or counties wherein the manon, &".muioritad^ands and tenements lie, by the Custos Rotulorum and two jufiioes jin 'cc sept.to. the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the fame county or

1717, v in- counties, or two of them at the least, whereof the clerk of the rotted on 39 peace to be one. Such deeds, lie. are good, if inrolled on a^Sep-fitpt. iji+. teir)ber J731. 3Qeo. 2. c. 29. fed.6.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the King'* moil gracious, general and free pardon.

CAP. XX.

An act to enlarge the time for making claims before the comnuffionen appointed to enquire of the forfeited ellatea. EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An act for continuing the liberty of exporting Irish fits cloth to the Bridlh plantations in America duty free, mi for the more effectual of andprofecuting fetches

shall unlawfully export wool and woollen manufactures firm Ireland ; and for relief of John Fletcher in j the duty by him paid for a quantity of salt lofi the »

portation for Ireland.

3 & 4 Ann. WHEREAS by an aCl passed in the third and fourthytend I ft* V V the reign of her late mqjejly Queen Anne, intituled, An s&

to permit the exportation of Irish linen cloth to the plantations! and to prohibit the importation of Scots linen into Ireland; i was enactedfor the support of the protejlant interest in Ireland, act for the encouragement of the linen manufacture of that kngia^ That it should and might be lawful to export from Ireland dirttiji to the British plantations, all forts of white and brawn linen desk, being the proper manufacture of the said kingdom, under certain n» frictions and conditions in the said aCl mentioned, for the term if eleven years; which aCl hath been since continued for one year oniu the end of this present section of parliament, by an aCl passed in the

W

*7 «&]

Anno terdo Georgii I. c. a1*

457

first year of the reign of his present majesty King George, intituled, Continued so An act lor continuing several laws therein mentioned relating1 Gco' * *** to coals, hemp and flax, Irish and Scots linen, and the afll^e of**0* * * bread, and for giving power to adjourn the quarter sessions for.

(he county of Anglefeay for the purposes therein mentioned : and tubereas it hath been found by experience, 3that the continuance of the fend aft is and may be beneficial td both the kingdoms of Great Bri- 'The aft % 8c 4 tain and Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's nrtoft ex- Ann.c: so cellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords [ates toAe* spiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament affrmbled, exportation of ^nd by the authority of the fame. That the said recited act of Info linen to the third arid fourth years of Qpeen Anney so far forth as the the fame relates to the exportation of Irish linen cloths to the Bri- continue in tish plantations, shall be and the lame is hereby continued in force so long * full force so long as the merchants and other persons of Great as Britishlinen Britain are or shall be permitted to import into Ireland, free of may ** all duties, such white and brownBritish linen cloth as is or shall JJjjJjut^.r€" be made and manufactured in Great Britain. free. ■

II. And whereas some doubt has arijeny whether linens imported After Tune 34, into this kingdom from Ireland, and not fitbjeft to pay any duties ttp~ »7it. frifli

on the said importation, should, upon being exported again for any linen imported.

the British plantations in America, become liable to pay a duty ad " {£*" Valorem: be it declared and enacted, That all linens made in exported to Ireland and imported from thence into this kingdom may, from the planta-and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven tion.f without hundred and seventeen,* be shipped off again and exported for ^ any of his Majesty's plantations in America without being liable or subject to pay any duty whatsoever.

III. And whereas by an act pojfed in the fourth and fifth years in 4 Ann. c. is. the reign of her late majesty §)ueen Anne, it was enacted, That Clause for the where any salt or rock salt should be Jb ipped in order for exportation relief

to Ireland, and the fame should perish by Jinking of the ship or vessel for^fehm-

on which the fame should be shipped or laid on boards or should be inghufecuri-

taken by the enemies, then and in such case the exporter or proprietor ty.

of such salt or rock salt so perijhtng or lofi should, upon proof made

before toe justices of the peace at the general quarter sessions of the

peace to be held for the place from whence the fame was so exported,

of the loss of such salt, receive from the sessions a certificate that such

proof was made before them; and upon producing the said certificats

to the officer of the place where the duty on such J'alt should have been

paid or secured to be paidy such security should be dijcbargedy and so

much money as was actually paid for the duty of the said salty should

be repaid upon demand, provided such proof be made within fix

months after such loss or taking as aforesaid: and whereas John

Fletcher did on or about the tenth day of November one thousand

seven hundred and twelve put on board the ship called the Salmon of

Belfast one thousand and forty bujbels of white salt for Bclfaft in

Ireland, and in the said voyage the said ship and cargo and all the

crew, except one man qnd a boy> were lofi in a violent form, and the

exporter having no notice thereof in due timey could not make proof of

the loss of the said foil Vjitbin the time limited by, the fend act of the.

fourth

45»

Anno tertio GtoftGil 1.1. it.

[171ft

fourth and fifth of her late Majesty's reign: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on proof made by the oath of two or more credible witnesses on or before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, as the said act directs, and upon producing a certificate to the officer of the place where the duty on such salt shall have been paid or secured, such security shall be discharged, and so much money as was paid for the fame shall be repaid by the said officer without fee or reward.

After Sept. IV. And whereas by an act made in the tenth-and eleventh yean *9,1717 One of the reign of-his late majesty King William the Third, intituled, moiety of the a<cf to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms ISedbyln* Ireland md England into foreign parts, and for the encou-

10 & u w. ragement of the woollen manufactures in the kingdom of Eng-c. 10. to pre- land, one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures thereby ififiifttd joe vent the ex- preventing the exportation of wool and other woollen goods therein wooT &c!from mentloned out of fad kingdom of Ireland, other than into the Ireland,other kingdom 0/England or the dominion of Wales, is given to the tn-than into Eng- couragement of setting up the linen manufactures in Ireland, to be l£nn £1 Wa»fS> disposed of by the court of Exchequer there for that use only; which ................................................................ fitti

After the said *9*h of Sept, actions commenced in Ireland relating to the expor-

shall be to the of the said moiety has been found of very little advantage

to the said' linen manufactures, but has tended very much to the df-couragement of prosecutions made in pursuance of tie said act: for the more effectually putting the said act in execution, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen the said moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures (after a dedudion made out of the said moiety of the charges of prosecution and condemnation) shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fiicceflors.

V. And for the better and more impartial trials of all such actions and informations which shall be commenced or prosecuted by virtue of any ad now in being made for the preventing the unlawful exportation of wool or woollen manufactures from the kingdom of Ireland: be it enacted by the authority a-tationof wool, foresaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September *5- b.c one thousand seven hundred and seventeen such actions and in-of fo™*1*0118 shall be tried in any of his Majesty's four courts at

county than Dublin, by a jury of good and lawful freeholders to be summon-where the fad ed out of any other county than that wherein the fad shall be was commit- committed : and to encourage persons to discover the said crime. The firlt three ^ t*irce Perf°ns who have been aiding, abetting or assist-difeoverersex- *ng m carrying out or exporting of wool or any other of the commodities as aforesaid, that shall inform thereof any of his Majeso's justices of the peace, whereby the punishment and penalties appointed by this act may be inflicted and recovered, the party or parties so discovering (not being owner or part-owners of the said wool or other commodities aforesaid) flail not suffer any of the said penalties or puniftunent to be inflicted. by this or any other ad.

Aunt

empted from punishment

*7*7*3

Anno quarto Geohgii L c. 1,2,3. 459

-Anno Regni GEORGII I. Regis Magna

tannia, Francia, &* Hibe, quarto.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westir.inster, the /eventeenth day of March, Anno Domini one thousand/even hundred and fourteen, in the first year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, , defender of the faith, &c. Andfrom thence continued by several

adjournments and prorogations to the day of No-

vember one thousand j(evenhundred and seventeen; being 'the third fession of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to fye raised in Great-Brttam, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen. £*. in tbt pound. EXP.

CAP. II.

An act to enable his Majesty to be governor of the South Sea company*

EXP.

cap. m.

An act for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen , and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders loft, burnt or destroyed \ and for appropriating the supplies granted in this section of parliament.

Vin. AND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Cyder or per-XjL That it shall and may be lawful to and for any per- ry that have son or persons who shall have actually paid his Majesty*s duties 1™ the £“ by this act payable for any cyder or periy made in Great Britain, exited on and to or for any other person or persons who shall buy or be security not to lawfully entitled to any such cyder or perry, for or in respect be relanded, whereof the said duties to his said Majesty hereby granted have been duly paid, to export such cyder and perry for any foreign parts by way of merchandize, giving sufficient security before the shipping thereof for .exportation, that the particular quantity of cyder or perry which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the fame or any part thereof shall not be relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain; which security-the customer or collector of the respective port from whence such exportation is to be (without any fee or reward) » hereby directed and authorised to take in his Majesty's name and to his Majesty's use.

a IX. Pro-

4^° Anno Quarto Georgii I. fc. j. [1717/

Rclafided.fof- l5f. Provided always, That if after the shipping of any such twn<L andthc cyder or perry to be exported as aforesaid, and the giving dr.

tendring such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback herein after mentioned, the cyder or perry so shipped to be exported, or any part thereof, shall be relandea in any part of Great Britain, That then and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied, and recovered to his Majesty's use, ill, the cyder and perry which shall be so relanded, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

On certificate x. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or pferfons who shall export any cyder or perry into foreign parts by way of merchandize, shall produce a certificate or certificates from the collector or officer who received the* duty of such cyder or perry, that the duty imposed thereon by this act hath been paid (which certificate the collector or officer is hereby required to give gratis) and making oath before the officer or collector of the port where the fame mail be so exported, that the cyder or perry so exported is the fame is is mentioned in such certificate, then the collector or chief officers of the port where such cyder or perry shall be exported, shall give to the exporter thereof a certificate or debenture expressing the true quaintity of the cyder or perry so exported of shipped for exportation; which certificate or debenture being produced to the collector or other officer appointed to receive the said duty in the county, shire, stuartry or place where such cyder or periy was exported, he is hereby required to pay the said duty of four shillings per hogshead to the persons or their agents so exporting the lame; and in case the collector or other

that the duties have been paid, &c. collector to give a debenture thereof.

and the duty

to the "export- °*cer shall no* have any money *n their hands arising by the or. p * said duties on cyder and perry to pay the fame, then the respective commissioners appointed for executing this act are hereby required to pay the fame out of the duties arising by the said act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas divers dealers in cyder and perry, andperfom receiving into their cujiody great quantities of cyder and perry sent or brought to them from distant or remote places, have frequently refufti to permit the officers of and for his Majesty's duties of excite to enter and go into the cellars, Jlorehouses and places to them belonging, or by them used for the laying or keeping of such cyder and perry, and to gauge and take accounts thereof for the ascertaining and charging the duties on such cyder and perry imposed thereon by several acts hereto-fore made for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry9 whereby his Majesty hath been defrauded in the said duties granted by such acts heretofore made; and whereas upon such occasions such dealers in cyder and perry and such other per font have infijledy That such cyder and perry sent to or received by them ought not to be Jurveyti* gauged or taken notice of by such officer or officers of exetfe, ttnlif* proof be made or produced of the respective times and places when and where such cyder and perry were bought; and whereat the producing*

hub

tjx7.] Anno quarto Georgii I. c. 3. 46*

fitch proof is altogether impracticable to be made by the officer for the said duties, especially in cases and inflames where such cyder and perry have been brought from remote places: be it therefore enacted Dealers in cy-and declared by the authority aforesaid, That every such dealer der or perry-in cyder or perry, and person or persons as aforesaid so receiv- chargeable, ing into his, her or their custody or custodies such cyder and ^^e itawear perry, or either of them, shall be chargeable and hereby is, arethattheiyder, and shall be charged with the duties upon cyder and perry by Sec. was made this act granted and imposed, unless they respectively do £nd of fruit of shall make it appear, either that such cyder and perry was made tl^t^,w£r of and from fruit of his, her or their own growth, and not off£^the° or from bought fruit, or that the duties on cyder and perry duty has been hereby granted were and have been duly charged or duly paid paid, for or in respect of such cyder and perry j and if any such dealer or dealers in cyder and perry or in either of them, or such person or persons as aforesaid, upon due request or demand made by any officer or officers of excise in the day-time, shall refuse ref\,sing a<j. to permit or shall not permit such officer or officers to enter and mittance to go into all and every such cellars, dore«houses or other place or officers for-places belonging to or used by such dealer or dealers, person or *eits 20 persons as aforesaid, and by gauging or otherwise to take account and accounts of all cyder and perry, or of either of them, from time to time there found, every such dealer and dealers in cyder and perry or either of them, and every such person or persons as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pines. See. That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed howto be futd shall be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by such ways, for* means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by adiion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of feflwn, court of judiciary or court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty andTforfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the fame.

Clause for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders loft, burnt or destroyed. EXP.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Appropriate monies lent and to be lent to his Majesty upon one act oftion of the this fession of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid money emnt-to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the of ps^lis^nexvttt service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and so p much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted as shall arise and remain after all the loans made or to be made on that act and the intered thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said tax, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame; and all the monies lent Vol, XIII. Hh and

«

Anno quarto Georgii I. c.3. [1717.

and to be lent to his Majesty upon this present act, except so much thereof as is to be applied to the satisfisuftion of the prin-cipal and interest ofl the unfinished loans upon the said former act for the duties /on malt, mum, cyder and perry; and so much of the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry by this act granted or continued, as shall arise and remain (if any such be) after all the loans made and to be made on this act, or hereby directed to be discharged, and the interest thereof, and the charges by this act allowable for raising the fame duties, shall be satisfied, or monies sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the fame, shall be appropriated and applied and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several uses, intents and purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such restrictions as are herein after prescribed; that is to lay, it is hereby enacted and declared. That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued or applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven hundred forty-four thousand eight hundred fifty-seven pounds fourteen shillings and eleven pence, for or towards the naval services following; that is to say, For or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half-pay to sea-officers, and for or towards viaual, wages, wear and tear of the navy and victualling thereof, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards sea-service in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed, and other services of the navy performed and to be performed; and any further sum .or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred sixty-five thousand three hundred and seventeen pounds, for or towards repairs of his Majesty's navy performed and to be performed; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding Seventy-three thousand three hundred twenty-seven pounds twelve millings and eleven pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance, for or towards land-services performed and to be performed; and any sum or sums of money,, not exceeding in the whole the sum of nine hundred and nineteen thousand seven hundred thirty-one pounds fourteen shillings and eight pence half-penny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's land-forces and other services herein after expressed ; that is to say, any sum not exceeding six hundred and fifty thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of sixteen thousand three hundred forty-seven men for guards and garrisons, and other his Majesty's land-forces in Great Britain, ^erfey and Guertifey, and other services relating to the forces for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen ; and any sum not exceeding thirty-five thousand seven hundred sixty-six pounds and five shillings, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in the plantations in America for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen 1 and any sum not exceeding one thousand five hundred fifty-eight pounds seventeen shillings and one penny, for provisions for the garrisons at Placentia and Annapolis for the year one thou-fimd seven hundred and eighteen; and any sum not exceeding 2 two

4*>3

5717.] Anno quarto GeoRG'h I.' c. 3.

two thousand eight hundred fifty-eight pounds thirteen flfflling* and ten pence, for ordnance (lores and provisions for the independent company in the islands of Bahama and Providence in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen ; and any fuitl not exceeding fifty-seven thousand six hundred thirteen pounds fourteen shillings and seven pence, for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in Minorca for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any furr. not exceeding thirty-nine thousand three hundred eighty-two pounds fourteen shillings and nine pence half-penny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in Gibraltar for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen ; and any sum not exceeding thirteen thousand five hundred fifty-one pounds nine shillings and foe pence, for provisions for his Majesty's garrison in <?/-braltar for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any sum not exceeding twenty-five thousand pounds, for the extraordinary charge of the royal hospital at Chelfeq and the out-pensioners for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, over and above the poundage and days pay; and any sum or sums not exceeding ninety-four thousand pounds upon account of half-pay, for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land-forces and marines, subject nevertheless to such rules to be observed in the application of the said half-pay, as are herein after prescribed in that behalf.

XV. And it is hereby enacted, That out of all or any the ! t* aids or supplies provided as aforesaid there shall and may be if- j0fira*kegc*? sued and applied any sum not exceeding five hundred eighty- theyear^n one thousand one hundred ninety-six pounds eight shillings, to

make good the deficiencies of the grants in parliament for the year one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and any sum *9^451* 8 s* not exceeding twenty-nine thousand six hundred forty-five pounds eight shillings and nine pence farthing, for or towards of the navy j enabling the treasurer of the navy to make good the payments which in the half year, to end on. the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand (even hundred and eighteen (if any) may be demanded of him pursuant to any former act or acts of parliament for completing the funds of six hundred and eight thoO-sand pounds per annum, payable to the South-Sea company; and that the said aids or supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied to any use, intent or purpose whatsoever, othfer than towards the uses and purposes aforementioned.

XVI. Provided always, and it is'hereby enacted and de* dared, That no appropriation or other matter or thing irr this act contained shall obstrudt or hinder any payment or payments which by and in pursuance of an act made in the first year of

his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for enlarging the capital*™^0 stock and yearly fund of the South-Sea company, and for ftppfying company ^ thereby eight hundred twenty-two thousand and thirty-two pounds x Gco.x. c.» four shillingS and eight pence to publick uses; and fof Yaijihg <ohe hitn-dtedsixty-nine thousand pounds for the like uses> by sali of annuities,

fi h 2 upon

464 Anno quarto Georgii I. c,$. £1717.

upon divers encouragements therein mentioned; and far appropriating several /applies granted to his Majesty, arc or (nail be required and authorized to be made by the treasurer or pay-matter of the navy for the time being, or by any other persons to be in-trusted with the publick monies for the service of the navy, out of such publick monies, tallies, orders or parliamentary securities in their hands or power respectively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to be incurred on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other pans of America and for encouraging the fishery, or to their treasurer for their use; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for the XVII. Provided also, That such sums as by or in purfuaoce commissioners of any other act of parliament are or shall be due or payable to accountTand “X commissioners for taking* examining, dating and deter-equivalcnt. mining the debts due to the army, or to any commissioners for dating the debts due and to grow due to Scotland by way of equivalent, for their salaries, or for their clerks or other incident charges, shall or may be paid out of the aids or supplies aforesaid, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVm. And as to the said sum not exceeding ninety-four thousand pounds by this act appropriated upon account of halfpay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the application thereof; that is to say,

1. That no person mall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor under the age of sixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop or company in which he served was reduced.

2. That no person shall have or receive any part of the lame, except such persons who did actual service in some regiment, troop or company.

3. That no person haying any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay.

4. That no chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any eccldiastical benefice or other preferment in Great Britain or Irdandy shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay.

5. That no person shall have or receive any part of the lame, who hath resigned his commission, and has had no commission since.

6. That no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons who woula have been otherwise entitled to the fame as reduced officers.

7. And that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons and eight regi-

Rules to be obfenred in the application of the half-pay.

*'7*7*3 Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 4,5,6.

ments of foot lately diibanded in ; except to such at

were taken off the establiihment of half-pay in Great Britain.

CAP. IV.

An act for ptmishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP.V.

An act for finithing the tower of the parish church of St. Michael Cora* hill, London, out of the duties arising pursuant to the act of the ninth year of the late Queen, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Westrainster and the suburbs thereof.

The tower of St. Michael Comhill shall be finished according to the model by which it is begun. For which purposes the commissioners shall iuue 6126I. xs. 5d. put of the duty granted by the act of 9 Ann. c. as.

CAP. VI.

An nft for relief of the wholesale traders and dealers in English hone-lace, by obviating several doubts in the fc-- veral a fits for licensing hawkers and pedlars.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament held in the eighth and~ ^ ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the 5Third, intituled, An act for licensing hawkers and pedlars, for a provision of payment of the interest of the transport debt for the reducing or Ireland, it was enabled, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June one thousand six hundred and ninetyf-seven, until the five and twentieth day of June which should be in the year four Lord one thousand six hundred and ninety-eighty there should bf answered and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successorSy by every hawkery pedlar and petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons going from town to town, or to other mens houseSy and travelling either on foot or with horfty horses or otherwise within the kingdom ft/" England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (except as therein after is excepted) carrying to fell or exposing to side any goods, wares or merchandizes, a duty of four pounds, and that every person so travelling with horse, afs or mule, or other beaf bearing or drawing burden, should pay the Jum of four pounds from the said four and twentieth day of June one thousand Jin hundred and ninety seven to the five and twentieth day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight for each horje, afs or mule, or ether beafi bearing or drawing burden, he or Jhe should so travel with, over and above the said first-mentioned duty of four pounds ; and should have or take such licence as by the said all is directed: and whereas it was therein further enabled. That if any such hawkery pedlar or petty chapman, from and after the said four and twentieth day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, should bo found trading as aforesaid without or contrary to such licence, fiuch 9 person should for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of twelve pounds, the one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish wherein such offender should be di/covered : and whereas the powers and provijkns of the said act have

H h 3 bun %

466 Anno quarto G£oRGH I. C. 7. [1717.

9 & 10 W. 3. buttj by another act made in the ninth and tenth years of bit said c> a7* Majesty, and by other subsequent acts, continued to this time: and

whereas several of the makers and traders in English bone-lace, uh trade by whole fate, and employ many thousands of poor people in the said manufacture of bone-lace, have been lately informant against, prosecuted and molejted in the carrying on their trades, under pretence that they ought to take and have licences according to the directions and provisions of the oCt before-mentioned, or of some other acts touching hawkers and pedlars: be it enacted and declared by the King's N° maker or most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of deriri Eneniii*orc*s ^P*r*tua^ anc* temporal and commons, in this present bonelace shall parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That be deemed a no person, being a maker or wholesale trader in Engli/h bone-hawker, &c. fece and felling the fame by wholesale, shall be adjudged, : deemed or taken to be a hawker, pedlar or petty chapman w.ithin the intent and meaning'of the said acts, or oFany or either of them; and that all and every such person or persons, his, her or their children, apprentices, servants or agents (felling by wholesale only) shall and may go from house to house, and trom fhap to (hop, to any of their custortiers (who fell again by wholesale or retail) without being subject or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained in .any of the said acts touching hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen; any thin; in the said acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An act for making effectual an act made in the eighth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An act for employing the manufacturers,by encouraging theconfump- 1 tion of raw silk and mohair yarn.

. 6 WHEREAS by an act made in the eighth year rf the reign ef

n. c. . . y y foer iaie majesty Quern Anne, intituled, An a<a for employing the manufacturers/Vjy encouraging the consumption of raw silk and mohair yarn, the said aCI horning-proved ineffectual to prevent the mischiefs intended to be remedied by the said act: for remedy whereof, and making the said recited act of parliament more effectual, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commops, in this prefect parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, no taylor, or other person or persons whatsoever, within the ilui!make,it 11, kingdom of Great Britain, shall make, fell, fet on, use or hind, am°button8 pr cause to be made, fold, fet on, used or bound, on any or button- clothes or wearing garments whatsoever, any buttons orbut-holc' niMcte ofton-holes made of, or used or bound with cloth, serge, drug-cloth, icrge, get, frizp, camhlet, or any stuffs that clothes or wearing garments are usually made of, upon the forfeiture of the sum of forty Ibillings for every dozen of such buttons and button-holes so made, fold, fet on, used or bound, or shall cause tq be made,

fold,

After March ?5, 1718. no aiylor, &c

Sec. «n any c iOthcs whif-f >cvcr, on penalty of 40s.

k

f. I. 40s. IS laid on the <wtartr.

Not to extend to clothes made of velvet.

1717.} Anno quarto Georgii I. c. 7. 467

fold, fet on, used or bound, as aforesaid, or in proportion for any per dozen, lesser quantity, every person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath of one or more credi * *' * ble witness or witnesses, shall forfeit, as aforesaid, to be recovered and distributed as is afterwards provided for by this act.

II. Provided, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to any clothes or wearing garments made of velvet.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any Persons dwell person or persons inhabiting or being in any gaol or house of cor- "JS 1 V?aS,s, redtion, or within the rules or liberties of any gaol or house of 'JJ?111* correction, or shall inhabit or dwell in any privileged place, or act, shall be within the liberties of the fame, committing any offence or of- subject to the fences against this act, he, (he or they so offending, as aforesaid, penalties, and being lawfully convicted of the fame, as is before directed

by this act, he, (he or they shall be subject to the forfeitures and penalties as in this act mentioned5 any law, statute, custom of thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Profecutionin offences committed against this act, shall be prosecuted within three months, three months after the fame is committed or discovered.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all offence*tobe offences against this act shall be heard ana determined by one determined by or more of his Majesty's justice or justices of the peace of the justices of county, city, town or place where the fame shall be discovered, P«ace.

or where such offender doth inhabit, such justice or justices being not concerned in the matter of the said complaint, upon the Q oath of one or more credible witness or witneues, which oath onC^[tnef8. such justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer; and all and every the said penalties and forfeitures which shall happen by virtue of this act shall be distributed and paid, after the charges of such conviction being first dedudted; one moiety to him or them who shall inform or pro- One half of fecute for the lame, the other moiety to the poor of the parish, township or place where the offence shall be discovered; and in the other to * case any offender shall neglect or refuse to pay any such penalties the poor, and forfeitures,being lawfully demanded,by the space of fourteen days next after conviction for such offence, as aforesaid, that then such justice or justices, is and are hereby required to iffuq out one or more warrant or warrants under his or their hands T . . . and seals to the constable or constables of the parish, town or ty distress, if place where such offender doth inhabit, or can be found, to levy not paid in 14 the fame by distress and sale of the offender's goods, rendring days after the overplus (if any be) to the owner; and where no sufficient p°"v^°n,r distress can be found, to commit the offender or offenders to the distr^of-common gaol for the county, city, town or place where such fenders' to be offender shall be found, there to be kept to hard labour for and committed for during the space of three calendar months. thrcc months*

VI. Provided, That if any person or persons 6nd him or Persons ag-themselves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any ju- fncVajdt™ay fticc or justices of the peace, upon any such conviction before qu^ter^feflli-

H h 4 . him oits,

468

Anno quarto Georgii I. c. 8. f 1717.

him or them, as aforesaid, such person or persons may appal to the general quarter-sessions to be holden for the county, riding, city or corporation where finch conviction (ha!l be made,

, f . giving (ufficient notice of such appeal; and the determination of mination shall *uch jufltces in such sessions shall be final; and the said justices be final; and shall allow such costs and charges to the party aggrieved as they, jnay allow shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as cotts* is usual in other cases of appeals from the orders of any justices

of the peace to the quarter-sessions.

Persons sued VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if an ay plead the any action or suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted issue, against any person or persons so sued or prosecuted, such person cover treble or Pcrions maY plcad the general issue, and give this act and the costs. special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff shall become

nonsuited, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinu-ance, or a verdict pafsj against him, or judgment upon demurrer, the defendant or defendants shall recover his or their treble

costs, for which he and they shall have like remedy, as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

Such clothes VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all exposed to sale clothes or wearing garments, which shall be made with buttons may be leized. qnd button-holes of the fame cloth, serge, drugget, frize, camblct or other stuffs, of which the said clothes or wearing garments are made, and shall be exposed to sale in any fair or market, or in any (hop or warehouse* or in any dwelling-house or place whatsoever, the fame shall be subject and liable to be forfeited and seised, and applied to the uses in this act mentioned, to be recovered as other forfeitures and penalties are by this act to be recovered.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any taylor, or other person eft* persons, shall cause his or their apprentice or servants to make any clothes or wearing garments contrary to this act, that in such cases the said master-taylor, or such other person or persons which caused the said clothes or wearing garments to be so made, or shall be any ways entitled to the monies for making the said clothes or wearing garments, made as aforesaid, shall be subject to the forfeitures and penalties in this act mentioned, to be had and recovered, as other for-

Taylors, &c. causing their apprentices, &?c. to make clothes contrary to this act, shall be subject to the penalties.

To be taken as ^e*tures an<* pena16es arc to be recovered by this act; any thine a publiftadL8 herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and this act * shall be taken and allowed to be a publick act iti all courts with-

in this kingdom, and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without (pedal pleading the same.

CAP. VIII.

An act for vesting the forfeited estates in Great Britain and Ireland iq tiuftces, to be (old for the use of the publick; and for giving relief to lawful creditors, by determining the claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers the rents and profits of the fiud estates till fold. EXP.

All honours, lordships, manors. &c. by i Geo. i. stat. a. c. 50. vqfted in Ins Majtfty, for the uie of the publick, fl^all be veited in the coaunttfion-

* tn.

1717-3 Anno quarto Georgii I. c.8.1 469

ers, Sec. To be sold for the use of the publick. Commissioners to proceed in a summary way, and to determine every claim before them by 15 March 1719. Commissioners a court of record: their determinations final, except appeal within 20 days. Appellants mult present their exceptions to the commissioners, to be entred in books, and a transcript tranJinittecJ to thfe court of delegates. His Majesty may appoint any five of the judg-p to be s court of delegates. Claims on real estates determined to be just; commissioners are to order the (heriffs to cause possession to be delivered to the claimants. After 25 March 1718. commissioners may fell the forfeited estates veiled in them. Purchasers to be brotellants. Sale to bj by auction. Purchase-money to be paid into the Exchequer. Cora-fiiiflioners to execute an indenture of bargain and sale, to be inrolled in chancery, &c. Purchasers to hold the fame for such estates and interests, as shall be conveyed of them, freed from all arrears of quit rent, &c.

Crown lands in the hands of attainted persons, shall remain in the poT-session of the crown, &c. Explained by 5 Geo. 1. c. 22. fest. it. (?om-piiflioners may summon fequefbrators, who retain any part of the forfeit* ed estates, &c. and in a summary way may enquire by witnesses, &c. and settle the (inns payable by them 011 account of their intromissions, See. Iq case of refusal may certify into the Exchequer. Tenants of attainted persons who have paid their rents to them before their, attainders, and other accountants, discharged. Time for discovery enlarged till 25 March 1719*

Creditor's to be paid their claims in the firlt place. All monies received by grantees from his Majesty, shall be taken as so much received by fuel/ claimants in discharge of the estate so claimed, &c. His Majesty before 1 Aug. 1718. may make provision for wives of forfeiting persons. All convidions. See. unce 24 June 1775. and before 1 June 1710. not reverf-ed, Sec. before 24 June 1718. effectual. Each coromifiloner shall have ioool. per annum. Salaries for clerks and incident charges shall be paid by the Exchequer, tax-free.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, Thai 20>oao|§ of the nett monies, which shall arise by. sale of the said estates propriat and interests, or by the refit and profits thereof till sale, after erecting allowance and satisfeltion of all just and lawful claims thereup- jn Jr* on, and after payment of such sums as by any clause or clauses in this or the said former act are authorized to be iiTued out for the salaries of the said commissioners and trustees, or for incident charges, or for rewards to difeoverers, or any otlier clause touching which any special provision is made by this or the said for* pier alt, all the charges of prosecution relating to the said forfeited estates bejog discharged or re-imbursed, a sum not exceeding twenty thoufanc) pounds shall be appropriated and applied Cowards the making a capital stock for a yearly interest or in-' pome out of the monies which shall arise by the sale of the said estates which lie in Scotland, and not otherwise, towards ertfting and maintaining schools in the highlands of Scotland, according to such ways and methods, and in such manner, as by any fu* ture all or alls of parliament to be made and paflea for that purpose, IbaJJ be directed arjd appointed; and all and every the and the re-other monies which shall arise by the said sale, and rents and mainder for profits aforesaid, are and shall be appropriated and applied to-Wards the discharge of the publick debts of the nation. debts.

