THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. Regis

Being the THIRD Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq

Vol. XXXI Part III

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLIC and PRIVATE,

passed Anno decimo septimo

GEORGII III. Regis,

Being the Third Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

Cap. 3. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 5. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the county of Middlesex; and for building a workhouse for the said parish.

---

Cap. 6. For vesting in David Hartley esquire, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole use and property of a certain method by him invented of securing buildings against the calamities of fire, throughout his majesty's dominions for a limited time.

Cap. 7. For enabling the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, to grant commissions to the commanders of private ships and vessels, employed in trade, or retained in his majesty's service, to take and make prize of all such ships and vessels, and their cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited time.

Cap. 8. To amfend so much of an act* made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act jer establishhg certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe,) as relates to the day on which the annual election of directors of the said company is to be made.

Cap. 9. To impower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his majesty's colonies or plantations in america, or on the high feasor the crime of piracy.

Cap. 10. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

Cap. 11. For more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in the counties of York, Lancaster, and.Chester.

Cap. 12. For building a bridge across the river Severn, from or near a place called Preen's Eddy, in the parish of Brofeley % to or near a place called The sheep wash, in the parish of Sutton Madded, in the County of Salop \ and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the same.

Cap. 13. For continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals (old by wharf treasure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between tower dock and limehouse bole, in the county of mii dlesex.

Cap. 14. To enable his Majesty to licence a theatre in the city of Chester.

Cap. 15. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Hallifaxy bradford^kighley^ Bingley, Guiseley, Caber lay y Bat lay y Birfal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondr bury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and thejordship or liberty of Tongy in the west riding of the county of York and for extending the jurisdiction of the courts baron of the honour of Pontefrafty manor of Wakefield, and manor of Bingley, in the said county.

Cap. 16. For limiting the exemptions from toll (granted by any act or acts of parliament for repairing turnpike roads) on account of cattle going to and from water or pasture.

Can. 17. For dividing the chase of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex't and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 18. For enabling the mayor, aldermen, and commons,

of the city of London, to purchase the present tolls aru^ duties payable for navigating upon the river Thames, westward of london bridge, within the liberties of the city of London, and for laying a small toll in lieu thereof, for the purpose of more effectually completing the said navigation; and for other purposes.

Cap. 19. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parish of Old Swinford, in the counties of Worcester and Stafford.

Cap. 20. For continuing two acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, and in there twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or sold within the town of Burntisland, and, liberties thereof, for increasing the public revenue of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 21. For the better support of his majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

Cap. 22. For opening communications between Wrapping street and Rat cliff highway, and between Old gravel lane and sir ginia jireet; and for paving certain streets intended to be built and also certain other streets and public passages and places within the parishes of Saint George and Saint John of flapping in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 23. For lighting and watching the turnpike road leading from the stones end next Blackman jireet, in the parish of Saint Mary, Newington, in the county of Surrey, to the bridge at Walworth in the same parish, and the several roads, ways, and places, therein described, communicating therewith.

Cap. 24. For expediting the sale of estates in Scotland belonging to the york buildings company, for the relief of their creditors.

Cap. 25. For widening, cleansing, and lighting, the several streets, lanes, alleys, ways, and other public passages, within the town of Wolverhampton, in the county of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding certain buildings therein mentioned; arvd for removing all other nuisances and encroach ments, and for regulating carts and other carriages within the said town.

Cap. 26. For registering the grants of life annuities; and for the better protection of infants against such grants.

Cap. 27. For allowing a drawback of the duties of customs on the exportation of tea to Ireland.

Cap. 28. To revive and continue such part of an acv, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging tojhe united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his Myrjlfs orders of council already made for

33

'allowing

allowing the exportation of wheats and other articles; as expired on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seven ty seven' '

29. For the more effectual prevention of the manufao tjuring of aih, elder, sloe, and other leaves, in imitation of tea, and to prevent frauds in the revenue of cfccife in respect to tea.

Cap. 30. For further restraining the negotiation of protqiftbry notes, and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 31. To enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to make an agreement or composition with the several sureties of William Brown, and the representatives of such of the said sureties as are dead, for a debt remaining due from them to the crown, on several tobacco bonds, entered into and executed by such sureties respectively; and that they and their estates and effects may be acquitted and discharged therefrom.

Cap. 32. For building a new church within the town and pari (h of Buckingham.

Cap. 33. To allow the matter dyers, within the counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ journeymen in their trade who have notferved apprenticeships thereto.

Cap. 34. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his maietty*s (flips of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 35. For further continuing an at, passed in the sixth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of foreign wrought ftlks and velvets for a limited time, and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the flk manufacture.

Cap. 36. For enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of of or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this lesion of parliament.

Cap. 37. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments 5 and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped j and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attor fiics and solicitors.

Cap. 38. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred apd seven ty seven.

Cap. 39. For granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retainer! 6r pmployfd in the several capacities therein mention

ed; and for repealing several rates 2nd duties upon glass, imposed by an a made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged by an a made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons and bodies politic and corporate having certain quantities of silver plate.

Cap. 40. To authorise the carrying of the captures therein mentioned into any part of his Majesty's dominions in North America; and for ascertaining the value of such part of ships and goods as belong to the recaptors.

Cap. 41. To prevent the clandestine unshipping from and receiving goods at sea on board vessels employed in the east-india company's service; for ascertaining the manner of discharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to oblige the matters of British or Irish ships, sailing from any of his majesty's dominions into the Balticiy to deliver a manifesto of their cargoes to the British con ail residing the re.

Cap. 42. For preventing abuses in the making and vending bricks and tiles.

Cap. 43. For repealing the eleventh rule in the book of rates, so far as the same relates to making any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and raisins, and for making the importer of such goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said rule with respect to such allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the jvejl Indies, for a limited time.

Cap. 44. To continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America; to the registering the prices at which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate; to the allowing timber and wood to be exported from the island of Dminica into any other of the British islands, colonies or plantations in America, and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage.

Cap. 45. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 46. For raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 47. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 48. For rendering more effectual an a made in the

A tasleof the STATUTES

fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, fur prbniot* ing the discovery of a method for finding the longitude at seato far as relates to the encouragement and reward of persons making lesser discoveries for finding the same or making other tafeful discoveries and improvements in navigation; and to the tnaking of experiments relating the reto

Cap. 49. To enable the lords of of his majesty's treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from the estateof William Harry deceased, and his sureties*

Cap. 50. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as auctioneers and certain rates and duties on all lands, houses, goods, and other things, sold by auction; and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments.

Cap. 51. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned

Cap. 52. For better securing the duties on fope, and the duties on rum of the sugar plantations put into warehouses; and for allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores, to be confirmed on board merchant ships on their voyages, for a limited time.

Cap. 53. To prortiote the residence of the parochial clergy, by making provision for the more speedyand effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices.

Cap. 54. For defraying the expellee of building a new gaol and hire hall for the county of Westmoreland.

Cap. 55. For the better regulating the hat manufactory.

Cap. 56. For amending and rendering more effectual the several laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, Fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and also for making provisions to pres ent frauds by journeymen dyers.

Cap. 57. For more effectually securing the property of prints to inventers and engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover penalties in certain cases.

Cap. 58. For enlarging the public gaol of the county of War tvicky and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 59. To repeal an act, made in the twelfth year of the teign or King Charles the Second, intituled, The master of the rolls impoivertd to make leases for years, in order to new build the old heujes belonging to the rolls; and for the better regulating the method of granting leases of the said rolls estate for the future; and for making competifation to the earl of Macclesfield, and sir the tnas seu.ch, for their beneficial rights and interests in certain leases made of the rolls estate; and for regulating the method of making la: en of the said estate for the future.

60. For enclosing nd embellishing the middle part of Herd on square, in the pari ill of Saint Leonard) Shoreditch, in the

county

bounty of Middlesex; for extinguishing all right of common in and upon the said square.

Cap. 61. To enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Westminster> to open a street from the foath end of long ditch to the north end of Smith jlrcet, and to widen part of tothiluflreety and of long ditch a sore fa id; and to widen the passage between Orchard street, and the new intended street, and also to widen wood street, and to make a more commodious entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into dean's yard within tve city and liberty of Westminster.

Cap. 6l. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the federal parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, uadring, don ington % Bittery Swinejbeady Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkiri, Fofdihi Kirten> Frahxptony Wiberton, and Brothertofty within the hundred of Kirton, in tt parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 63. To explain and amend an at, made in the fourteenth year of the r*ign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, repairings lightings and watching the streets, and other public passages and places, within that part of the parish of clerk enwell called Saint james's, and removing obstructions and annoyances therein for widening the passage from clerkenwell green to the parish church, and for watching and lighting certain highways within the said parish y for repairing the highways in the Ubi pa ribbon cleaning the said part of the bid parish; for widening the passage from Clerkenwell close to Rofomarfs Streets and from Rofoman's Street to Saint John street; and for building a chapel in the said parish.

Cap. 64. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint Mary Abbotts> Kensington % in the county of Middlesex\ and fqr other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 65. For amending and rendering more effectual an aeft, made in the twenty second year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the several parishes of Sutton, mep*lt Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a place called byal fen, in the Ifleof Ely, and county of Cambridge; and also in the parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the county of Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the fen lands and low grounds lying in the parishes of Sutton, Mepaly Witcham, Chatteris, and a place Called byal feriy in the Isle of Ely.

Cap. 66. For establishing a nightly watch within the hamlet of mile end Old Towny in the parish of Saint Dunstan Stepney, othejwife Stebonheathy in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 67. For varying and enlarging the powers of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, r making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to or near Middlewich, and Nantwich, in the county of Chester.

Cap. 68. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Severny at Maifemorey near the city of Gloucester, for raising, widening, and Securing Over's Causeway, leading from the said city towards

Maifi

ajaifemore aforesaid; for enforcing the proper paving and cleaning of the several streets within the said city, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 69. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, in the lordships of Sawley and longea tonne in the county of Derby, to or near langley bridge in the counties of Derby and Nottingham.

Cap. 70. For dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, dales, and common fen, within the parish dbilling* hay in the county of Lincoln; and for draining and preferring the said dales and common fen, and also certain enclosed lowlands thereto adjoining in the said parish.

Cap. 71. To enable the feoffees and trustees of an estate in the county of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff for the founding and maintaining a school and alms house? at Rugby9in the county of Warwick, to sell part of the fai<* estate, or to grant leases thereof, or of any part thereof, and to effectuate the other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 72. To enlarge the term ar powers of an act, made in the second year of his present majesty's reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and shorteni^g* the road leading from the turnpike yad on farrard's Common, in the parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham9 to Roman's Style in the parish of Loycock9 in the county of Wilts and for completing a communication between the said road, and the Bath turnpike road, upon Kingsf*down bill in the same county.

Cap. 73. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads from Kighley to Wakefield and from Kighley to hauifax9 and from dulley hill through Beckwith jhaw to kil/inghally and from Beck witkfbaw to the southwest corner of Harrogate Incloswres9 in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 74. For repairing and widening the road from a place called crouch-killy in the parish of Henfield9 to the turnpike road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield9 and from the east side of the said turnpike road to the town of Ditchling, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 75. To repeal an act of the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several xoads leading from the market house in the town of Kidderminster9 in the county of worcester\ and also to repeal so much of two acts of the tenth of his late Majesty, and the seventh of his present Majesty, as relate to the road from the mitre oak to u farmhouse called Goodness; and from tuton brook to the hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said county; and to discontinue the powers of an act of the eighth of his present Majesty; so far as relate to the road from the Cross of the Hands near Goodness Farm to a place called The Spqut, and for more effectually amending, widening,

log, and keeping in repair, the several roads described in the first mentioned act; and also several other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 76. For continuing the term of two acts passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of his late ir>2jesty King Georgs the Second, for repairing the road leading from the moji southern part of butt lane, in the parish of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chester to Lawton, and from thence to henshall's Smithy, upon cranage green, in the said*county.

Cap. 77. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repair ing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the southwest corner of the enclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over burage green, and the other through Knaresborough and burrough bridge) to Ripon, and front thence to the first rill of water or water course on hutton moor, in the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor; so far as the same relates to the road leading from the ibuth west corner of the enclosures of Harrogate (through Knaref* borough) to borough bridge

Cap. 78. For enlarging the term and continuing the powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the southwest corner of the enclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over burage green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the jirjl rill of water or watercourse on hutton moor, in the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor; and the other passed in the twenty-ninth year of his said majesty's reign, to explain and amend the said first mentioned act; with respect to the road from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the southwest corner of the enclosures of Harrogate.

Cap. 79. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltash, in the tounty of Cornwall.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the southwest corner of the enclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over burage green, and the other through Knaresborough and borough bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on hutton moor, n the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor; and the other passed in the twenty ninth year of his said majesty's reign, to explain and amend the said first mentioned act: wi^h respect to those parts of the said roads from Harrogate,

through

through Ripley and Ripon, to the northeast corner of hutto moor, and from the east ehd of Kir by bill moor to the town of Ripon a sore fa id.

Cap. 81. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, ir repairing the highroad leading from Brent Bridge, i the county a/devon, to gaflring gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the said county.

Cap. 82. For enlarging the term and powers of three several acts of parliament, for repairing the roads therein mentioned in the county of Burts, so far as the said acts relate to the road from the west end of the town of Wendover to the end of a lane called oak lane, next the great road, called The Oxford Road; and also half a mile of road next from the river Colne towards Beconsfield, in the said county.

Cap. 83. For continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, yir repairing and widening the road from the top of harnham hill, near the city New Sarum, in the county Wilts, through the towns of Blandford

Forum and Dorchester, to a certain entrenchment on afker well hill, in the county tf/dorfer, and from the indexpost on the side f harnham hill aforesaid to a house called Matter baker's Farmhouse, in the said county of Wilts.

Cap. 84. For enlarging the term and continuing the powers granted by an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagftiot, in the county of Surrey, to hertford bridge hill, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 85. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed. the second and twenty second years of his late majesty's reign, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominster, in the county of Hereford

Cap. 86. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging several of the powers contained in an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the road from the turnpike road between the town and county of Pool and ivinborn minjur, in the county of Dorset, to the turnpike road in the parish of Brianston, in the said county of dor ft, which leads from blandford forum to Dorchester.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the terms and powers of twro acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty sixth years of his late majesty's seign, for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the*town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of fork.

Cap. 88. For enlarging the term and altering the powers of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of hft late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads therein mentioned, in the counties of ivarwick and Oxford, so far as relates to the road from the gui e post in the village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the midway leading towards the city of Oxford.

Cap. 89. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty sixth) ear of the reign of his late majesty King George

the

the Second, for repairing and widening the road from The halfway house, in the phrish of Lower Crompton, in the county of Dorset, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the east end of the town of Axminster, in 'the county of Devon, and fveral other reads round the town of Yeovil, in the county of so merfet; and for amending two roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the parish of Yeovill\ and the road from Chard to cheefeway efh\; m.d. from white Down to perry flreety in Charily and from thence to the turnpike road near Tythcrleigh lnny in the said county of Dorset.

Cap. 90. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairings and amending the roadi from the town of Halifax, and from sowerby bridge, in tie county of York, by Todmorden to Burnley and Lit tleborough, in the county 0/xancaster,

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the road leading front the Maypole, in the town of Henfield, over Poynings common, to the town of Brighthelmstone\ and frorri Poynings common aforesaid, to high crossy in the parish of Albourne; and from thence, for the distance of two furlongs of the road or lane leading towards Twineham; and from the marl pit near the bottom of saddlescombe hill, in the parish of Newtimber, to the marl pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same parish, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 92. For repealing so much of two aefts made in the eleventh and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to the road leading from the gaol bridge in the said town of Derby, through the town of Ashborne, to hurdloe house in the said county, for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road; and for enabling the trustees to alter part of the course of the present road between Ashborne and the new inn turnpike.

Cap. 93. For continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile fone beyond willoughby hedge, through the town of Mere, in the county of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to charlton houthorn, and from thence to milburne port; and from willoughby hedge aforesaid to the west end of long lane, in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid ta the Sherborn turnpike crossrgate on cattle hill, and i from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the county of Somerset.

---

Cap. 94. For repairing and widening the road from Stall-gate Close, at the southwest end of the town of Bedford, to the town of Ampthill; and from the said town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the county of Bedford and also the road branching out of the same in Kempston field to the turnpike road leading from Hitchin to the said town of Bedford.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from and near the town of Brewton, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing and widening the street from the north or northeast end of Coombe street, along Patwell street, in the said town of Brewton, to the south or south east side of Dymond's River.

Cap. 96. To enlarge the term and power of an act passed in the twenty eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several road therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

Cap. 97. For repealing an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Union point near the town of Uckfield, in the county of Sussex, to Langney bridge in the parish of Westham,ina the said county, and for more effectually repairing the said road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from the side gate on the Horse bridge turnpike road, in the parish of Hellingly, to the turnpike road leading from Cross-in-hand to Burwash, in the said county.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road from Combe bridge, through Winsley and Bradford, to Staverton bridge, and to the Trowbridge road on Ashton common, and also the road from Bradford bridge to Cockhill-gate, all in the county of Wilts; and for making effectual provision for maintaining a bridge over the river Avon at Stokeford, in the same county.

Cap. 99. For amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of Warminster, in the county of Wilts, to a place where the roads to Bath and Bristol divide; and from the town of Frome to the town of Beckington, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads; and for repairing the road from or near the red lion in the parish of Woolverton, in the said county of Somerset, to Rode-bridge, and from the said bridge to the turnpike road leading from Trow-bridge by White-trough to Beckington aforesaid.

Cap. 100. For repairing and widening several roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the county of Merioneth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop.

Cap. 101. For repealing so much of three acts, made in the eleventh, seventeenth, and thirty third years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to the road leading from the north side of Cavendish bridge, in the said county of Derby, through the said town of Derby to Brassington, in the said county; and for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road.

Cap. 102. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Skipton to the turnpike road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the township of Bilton, with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 103. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Crookhill, in the parish of Chickrell, to the turnpike road leading from Bridport to Bridport Harbour, and several other roads therein mentioned in the county of Dorset.

Cap. 104. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads therein mentioned, leading from a gate in the town and county of Pool called Poole gate, and for repealing two acts of parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his late Majesty relating to the said roads; and also for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned towards paving and repairing a certain street or way within the said town and county.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road in the parish of Afthall, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road at or near Buckland, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 106. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the same riding.

Cap. 107. For repairing and widening several roads in the county of Dumfries; and for converting the Statute labour within the said county into money; and for applying the same towards repairing the highways within the same county.

Cap. 108. For amending the road from the southeast end of the town of Loughborough, in the county of Leicester, to Derby bridge, near The Rushes, and from the said bridge, to the south end of Cavendish bridge, in the same county.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the roads from the termination of the present turnpike road, at the foot of Bracebridge bridge, over the said bridge, westward, to the extremity of the county of Lincoln, near a place called Potter-hill; and from the termination of the present turnpike road at the foot of Canwick-hill, southward, to a windmill at the top of the said hill.

Cap. 110. For repairing and widening the road from Gateshead in the county of Durham, to the church lane near Ryton Lanehead; and from Barmoor to the Hexham turnpike road near Dilston bar, in the county of Northumberland; and also the road from Mickley-bank to Lead-hill or Silver-hill, and for making a road cross certain grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees esquire, in the parish of Ryton in the county of Durham.

Cap. 111. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in the county of Caernarvon, and through the towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the town of Pwll-bely in the same county; and also for repairing and widening the roads from Tal y Cafn ferry aforesaid, on the Denbighshire side of the river Conway, to join the turnpike road between Conway and Saint Asaph, at a place called Sam y Mynech; and from the turnpike road between Bangor and Conway, at the village of Aber, over Bwich y Ddwyfaen mountain to Tal y Cafn ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the town of Llanywft in the county of Denbigh.

---

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and wade

il grounds in the manor and parish of Crowntborfef in the county of Norfolk.

2. An act for naturalising Andreas Gottlieb.

3. An act for naturalising Gilles Prudent Melaffe*

4. An act for naturalising Dorothea Margreta Hartman.

5. An act for naturalising Paul Johan Christian Tax and Join Vallientine Gottlieb.

6. An act for vesting the several rectories, parsonages, church, and chapels, of Rockburney Beeamore, South Charford, Hasty jvhitfbury, and <2>uidejiey % with the glebe lands, tithes, and other appurtenances, thereto respectively belonging, part of the settled estate of the most noble George Duke of Manchester, in trustetf, upon certain trutts therein expressed; for settling other lands and hereditaments of the said Duke, in lieu thereof to the several uses therein mentioned.

7. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, and common pattures, within the manor and parish of Thorpe Malfor, in the county of Northampton.

8. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Tanfor, in the county of Northampton.

9. An act to enable the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses, of the town of Great Torrington, in the county of Devon, and other trustees, to grant part of the common or waste lands called Great Torrington common, to William Callon9 pursuant to an agreement for that purpose, and other the purposes therein mentioned,

10. An act for dividing and enclosing an open watte or common, called ivejlergate common, in the parish of Aldingborne9 id the county of Sussex.

11. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pattures, commons, or waste grounds, within the lordship or liberty and parish of Hatherney in the county of Leicester.

12. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields and mci* (lows within the parish of shep[bead % in the county of Leittfitr9 r the common ground lying within the ring fence of the lame L and adjoining thereto, within the fiune parish $ and also

several closes or parcels of land and groupd, called The Carrs and Michaelmas grounds, within the said parish.

13. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of Holcot, in the county of Northampton.

14. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds within the manor or lord (hi pot King's Measurn, in the parish of Moreland, in the county of westmorelantl.

15. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain piece of common or waste ground, lying in the villages of Horncliff and horn cliff Lane End, in the parish of Norham, in the county of Durham,

16. An act for dividing and enclosing several commons or waste grounds, open common fields, undivided inclosures, and other commonable lands, within the manor and parish of thor err, in the west riding of the county of York.

17. An act for dividing and enclosing the moors, commons, or waste grounds, within the township of Rednaly in the parish of ivefl Felton, in the county of Salop.

18. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, within the parish of Tempsford, in the county of Bedford.

19. An act to enable John Fames, a minor, and his issue, to take apd use the surname of Waighty purfilant to the will of John Waight esquire, deceased.

20. An act for naturalising George William Soltau, Gerhard Berckj Htnry Albrecht Hammelburg, apd Gunter Henry Kroger,

21. An act for naturalising Ernest Bernerd Banning.

22. An act for naturalising John Centlivres.

23. An act for naturalising Marcellin Pernoud.

24. An act for naturalising William Aguiton.

25. An act for naturalising Willem Vlught.

26. An act for naturalising Horace Cattaneo and Francis Gaudot.

27. An act for vesting certain estates of Robert Ladbroke esquire, in the City of London, and counties of Middlesex, Northampton, Berks, and Warwick, in trustoes, to be sold; and for laying out the moneys to arise thereby in the purchase of other manors, lands, and hereditaments* to be settled to the same uses as the said settled estates now stand limited.

28. An act to discharge certain copyhold premises, in the parish of Heston, in the county of Middlesex, from the uses and trusts thereof, declared by the will of Mary Wotton deceased; and to subject and charge the same copyhold premises, and also certain freehold lands lying contiguous thereto, within the said parish, with the payment of a perpetual yearly relit charge of twelve pounds to the Reverend John Gibson clerk, and his successors, vicars of the said parish, for the use of the poor of the same parish; and for settling and afturing the same premises so charged in the trustees of Rupert Clarke esquire, upon the trusts therein mentioned.

29. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Robert

Kytintjion esquire, at Thtving and Osten, in the parish of Tbwinj upon the Woulds, in the east riding of the county of Yor^ tr. the said Robert Grimflon, in fee simple; and for settling aivestate of the said Robert Grimflon, in the township of Nefwick, in the parish of Bainton, in the said east riding of the county of York, of greater value in lieu thereof; and for other purposes.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of Tunstall in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York.

31. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, and pastures, in the parish of Syfim, in the county of Leicester, and several parcels of uninclosed land, in the parish of Barkby, in the said county of Leicester, lying within the ring of the said fields.

32. An act for dividing and allotting the several open and common fields, pastures, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of Boynton, in the east riding of the county of York.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing a common moor, or trad of waste ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise Morralee, and Strutber's Common, and Hagbank, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the commonable lands and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Compton Bishop, commonly called or known by the name of Cross Moor alias Charles Moor, in the county of Somerset.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Swinflsad, and county of Lincoln.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, common pastures, waste grounds, and commonable places, in the parish of Duntifborne Abbotts, in the county of Gloucester.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, within the parish of Kirniugton otherwise Kirmington, in the county of Lincoln.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds within the manor of Sbirland, in the county of Derby.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds within the manor of Strettyn, in the parishes of Notthwingfield and Morton, in the county of Derby.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows and grounds, in the parish of jvinthorpe, in the county of Nottingham.

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain com mom or waste lands, lying in the parish of Huntspill, in the county of Somerset $ also certain moors, called Land Moor otherwise Coat Moor and Gold Corner, lying in or near the said parish of Huntspill and Cofjfugm, in the said county.

42. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving Wallingfenf in the oast riding of trie county of fort,

43. An act for dividing, enclosing, aligning, and allotting, the open and common field, and commonable land, lying within the liberties, territories, and precincts, bf Ludgershally in the county of Buckingham.

44. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields and stinted pastures, within the township of Bugthorpt, in the county of Yorks and for exempting the lands, tenements, and front steads, within the parish of Bugthorpe, from the payment of tithes, and other ecclesiastical dues and for other purposes therein contained.

45. An act for dividing and enclosing Fremington Edge and Fremington Moor and certain waste grounds in the township of Fremington, in the parish of Grinton, in the north riding of the county of York.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing Ayfgarth Pajlurt and jfyjgarth Moor or Common, in the township and parish of Ayfgarth* in the north riding of the county of York.

47. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Potter Harris esquire, with Elizabeth Martha Chicheley Plowden, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

48. An act to enable Jervoise Clarke esquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Jervoise, pursuant to the will of Thomas Jervoise esquire, deceased.

49. An act to enable the archbishop of Canterbury and Daniel Ponton esquire, to grant building leases, pursuant to an agreement entered into for that purpose.

50. An act for vesting'in the right honourable Robert Speneer, commonly called lord Robert Spencer and the most noble George duke of Malborough, one of the knights companions of the most noble order of the garter, and the heirs and atligns of the said duke of Malborough, the settled estates of the said lord Robert Speneer, situate in the county of Lincoln.

51. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of sir Thomas Broughton baronet, situate in the county of Stafford; and for purchasing other estates, situate in the county of Chester, to be settled to the same uses; and for extinguishing the said sir Thomas Broughton's power of making leases for lives, as to part of his settled estate in the county of Chester, and making such recom penceto him for the same as therein is mentioned.

52. An act to enable John Barneivall Curfon esquire, to settle a jointure upon any woman or women he may hereafter marry.

53. An act to enable Thomas Asfuton Smith esquire, and William Henry ai/heton Smith his brother, to grant building, improving, and other leases of the estates deviled by the will of William Smith esquire, deceased.

54. An act for vesting the undivided moiety of the reverend Henry Osman clerk, and Mary his wife, of and in certain lands

and hereditaments, in the pariftiof Kings Langley, in the county of Hertford, in trustees, to be sold; arrd for applying part of the money arising by such sale in discharge of an encumbrance upon he said moiety; and for laying out the residue thereof in the purchase of entire messuages, lands, or hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

55. An act for establishing and confirming exchanges of diverse mdfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate, (landing, lying, and being, within the hamlet of kvighthill, in the parish of Tackley, in the county of Oxford, pursuant to articles of agreement between the president and scholars of Corpus Chriffi College, in the uriiverfity of Oxford, and Simon fvifdome esquire; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act to enable the president and scholars of the college of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the university of Oxford, to grant building leases of certain ground, messuages, houses, and buildings, in the pafifti of Saint John Southwark, in the county of Surrey,

57. An act to enable the feoffees and trustees of an estate in the county of Middlesex, given by Lawrence sheriff\for the founding and maintaining a school and almshouses at Rugby, in the county of Warwick to sell part of the said estate, or to grant leases thereof, or of any part thereof; and to effectuate the other purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste grounds within the manor of Bolton, in the county of Cumberland.

59. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and wastes within the manor of Egremont, in the county of Cumberland.

60. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds, within the townships, villages, or hamlets of Carleton,

'Brifco, and Wreay, within the manor or lordship of Botchardgate, otherwise Prior Lordship, in the parishes of Saint Cuthbert carufe* and Saint Mary Carlisle. in the county of Cumberland.

61. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, nd waste grounds, in Naffington, Yarwell, Apethorpe, and jvocd newton, within the prebend or peculiar of Woffington, in the county of Northampton.

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, heaths, half year lands, and other commonable meadows, pastures, and grounds, within the parish of Little Creffingham, in the county of Norfolk.

63. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons, or waste lands, within the manor of fvhiuington, in the county of Salop.

64. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several moors, commons, and waste grounds, lying within the manor and parish of Farlam, in the county of Cumberland. '

65. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several moors, commons, and waste grounds, lying within the manor and parish of Brampton, in the county of Cumberland.

66. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving, certain

TABLE of the STATUTES.

commons, lands, and grounds, in the township of Tthjbelfy in the county of Derby.

67. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Weston under Wetheley, in the county of Warwick.

68. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Condicote, in the county of Glmcester.

69. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons and waste lands, within the parish of Wreningham, in the county, of Norfolk.

70. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing. old whole year enclosures, common fields, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Carlton Rode, in the county of Norfolk.

71. An act for dividing and enclosing certain tracts of waste grounds, moors, or commons, within the manor and barony of Prudeboty and parish of Ovingham, in the county of Northumberland.

72. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields and commonable places of and within the parish of Welford, in the county of Northampton.

73. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable lands within the manor and parish of Stanton Saint John, in the county of Oxford.

74. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common field and commonable lands lying within the townships and liberties of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the parish of Cropredy, in the county of Oxford.

75. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the dole or heath lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Felthorpe, in the county of Norfolk.

76. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in several ty, the open common fields, common meadows, common downs, waste lands, and commonable places, within the parish of Market Latrington, in the county of Wilts.

77. An act for dividing and enclosing a common or moor, called Howtell Common alias Housedon, in the parish of kirknew iony in the county of Northumberland.

78. An act for confirming exchanges of lands and tithes of and in the open and uninclosed common fields, within the manor and parish of Wendover, in the county of Buckingham; and for establishing and securing certain annual payments in lieu of tithes.

79. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds, and certain common fields, and also two mosses, called jvaitham Moss and Hilderjione Moss, within the manor of tea lands, in the parish of Warton, and county palatine of Lancaster.

80. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, lying and being in Wykeham and Caudwelly in the parish of Rothley, in the county of Leicester.

81. An act for dividing and enclosing three feverjl moors or commons, called Low Gatherley Moor, Moor Holmey and The High Moory situate in the several townships of Kirkby raven worth, Ravensworth, and Wajhton, in the parish of Kirkby Ravenfi worth, in the north riding of the county of York.

82. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Braithwaite esquire, with Elisabeth Browney his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

83. An act to enable William Kilborn and his issue male to take and use the surname of Burrowesy pursuant to the will of John Burrowes deceased.

84. An act for vesting the real estates late of Ann Phillips spinster, now the wife of Henry Barnes gentleman, comprised in their marriage settlement, situate in the county of Salcpy in trustees, to be sold; and for applying the purchase money for the purposes in the a mentioned.

85. An act for vesting in trustees and their heirs certain estates of Philip Jones, and Robert Berkley, esquires, in the counties of Kent and Sussex, in order to sell the same, and, with part of the purchase money, to discharge certain encumbrances thereon; and for laying out the residue of the purchase money in the purchase of other eftatdfc, to be settled to the same uses as the said estates to be sold (land limited.

86. An act for discharging part of the settled estates of Thomas Hull esquire, in the counties of Dorset and Devon, from thenfes and trusts of his marriage settlement; and for settling other estates, in the county of Devon, in lieu thereof; and for other purposes.

87. An act for uniting and better regulating the charities of Nathaniel Waterhouse, within the town and parish of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York.

88. An act for vesting certain pieces or parcels of ground and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, part of the settled estate of William Wheatley esquire, in trustees, to be sold to sir Sampfm Gideon baronet, pursuant to agreement; and for laying out the money arising by sale thereof in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

89. An act for vesting certain messuages and hereditaments, in the several parishes of Kirkwhelpington, Lswicky and Simonburney in the county of Northumberland, late part of the estate of sir John Swinburne baronet, deceased, in trustees and their heirs, in trust, to be sold, discharged from the uses, trusts, charges, and powers, ir the will of the said John Swinburne mentioned; and for applying the money to arise by sale thereof in manner therein mentioned; and for other purposes therein expressed.

90. An act to enable William Jackson and Hannah his wife to carry into execution an agreement for sale of certain hereditaments, situateat or near Barney, in the county of Norfolk (being their settled estate) to Richard Reeve the younger, gentleman; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other hnds and hereditaments to be settled to the uses to which the said settled estate doth now stand limited.

91. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the isle of Wight, the settled estate of Elizabeth Trattle of Cardiff, \ in the county of Glamorgan Widow j and also a certain messuage, and lands and hereditaments, of the warden and scholars, clerks of Saint Maty College of jvinthe jler, near Winchester, in the county of Southampton, in trustees, in trust, to sell and convey part of the said settled estate, and also the said estate of the said warden and scholars, clerks, to sir Richard Worsley baronet; and other part of the said settled estates, to the said warden and scholars, clerks; and to apply part of the money arising from such sale, in paying off an encumbrance affecting part of the said settled estate; and for laying out the residue of the said money in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses; to enable the said warden and scholars, clerks, to take a conveyance of that part of the said settledestates intended to be conveyed to them.

92. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of William Weddell esquire, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

93. An act for vesting the real and personal estate of John Harvey gentleman, a lunatic, in trustees, in trust, to sell so much thereof as will be fumcient for the payment of the debts and legacies of John Harvey, his late father deceased; and for other purposes therein mentioned. '

94. An act for repealing an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for vesting the manors lands, and tenements, both freehold and leasehold, comprised in the marriagefettlement of Charles Baldwin esquire, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by such Jale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses which are now fubffiing with regard to the said freehold Jettled fiats; and for settling the said manors, lands, and tenements, to new and other uses.

95. An act for rendering valid and effectual a partition between Taylor ivkite esquire, and Sarah his wife, and Thomas Fowie esquire, and Ann his wife, of several estates in the counties of Huntingdon, Leicester, Cambridge, Essex and Kent; and or vesting and settling the same to the uses, and upon the trusts, contained in their respective marriage settlements; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

96. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed to be made between the right honourable George lord Onslow and Cranley, and William Luck gentleman, and Edmund Luck his son.

97. An act for vesting the freehold estates, in the counties of Hereford and Monmouth, devised by the will of Thomas Chamber

a layne.

laynt esquire, deceased, in Richard Comb esquire, in fee simple; and for settling other estates of the said Richard Comb, in the county of Somerset, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

98. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain common or waste ground, called Halton Moor, in the township of Halt on, in the manor of Templenewfam, in the parish of ivtit kirke, in the west riding of the county of York.

99. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Great Sturton, in the county of Lincoln.

100. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain commons or waste grounds, within the several townships of Kingjley, Newton near Kingsley, Norley, and Crowton, in the parishes of Frodsham and Weaverham, in the county of Chester.

101. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of sir wilhom Hamilton and dame Catherine his wife in trustees, to sell or exchange the same; and for laying out the money to arise by le thereof, in the purchase of other messuages, lands, or hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

102. An act for sale of the settled estate of Philip Egerton esquire, in the county of Flint; and for investing the money in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

103. An act to confirm and establish articles of agreement,

for a partition or division of lands and hereditaments, in the' counties of Northampton and Warwick, the estates of John Clarke esquire, and Mary his late wife, deceased \ for settling the same to the uses therein mentioned.

104. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open fields, arable lands, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Killamarsh, in the county of Derby.

105. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the several parishes and liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockkally or in foire or one of them, in the 9ounty of Northampton.

106. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, common meadows, pastures, and common downs, in the parishes of Shireborne and Wtndrush, in the county of Gloucester.

107. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, and common pastures, in the manor and parish of Grafton Underwood, in the county of Northampton.

108. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, fens, heath, and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Metheringham, in the county of Lincoln.

109. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Candlejby, in the county of Lincoln.

110. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste lands, and a dinted pasture, in the township of new/bam, in the north riding of the county of York.

111. An act for dividing and inclosing several open common fields, common pastures, ings, common, and other waste lands and grounds, within the township and manor of Barmby upon ibe Moor, in the east riding of the county of York.

112. An act for dividing and inclosing several open common arable fields, wolds', commons, and waste grounds, in the town ships of North Newbald and South Newbald, within the parish of North Newbald, in the county of York.

113. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parish, and liberties of kiuefby, in the county of Northampton.

114. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open arable fields, meadow and pasture grounds, and the common or moor, within the township of Thornton, in the parish of Fojhn, in the north riding of the county of York.

115. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, forest, and waste grounds, in the parish of Fbrnsfield, in the county of Nottingham.

116. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Brampton, in the county of Lincoln.

117. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the parishes of Halam and Edingley, in the county of Nottingham.

118. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Leadenham, in the county of Lincoln.

119. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, downs, commons, and other commonable lands, within the township of Uffington, and the hamlets of Baulking and ivoolfton, otherwise Wooboerston, and within the hamlets of Kingston Life and Fawler, in the county of Berks.

120. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, mesne inclosures, commons, or waste grounds, within the township of Monkbret tonne other wise Burton, in the parish of roy fttni, in the west riding of the county of York.

121. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and certain commonable lands, within the parish of farm borough otherwise Farnborough, in the county of Berks.

122. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and commonable grounds within the parish of Gilmorton, in the county of Lcitester.

123. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and Common fields, commonable lands, cow pasture, or ftirub, towngreen, heath, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of jvefion Colville, in the county of Cambridge.

124. An act for dividing and inclosing the moors, commons, or waste grounds, within the manors of Bafchurch, Herat'yt Stanwardiue in the wood, jvefion, Lulling field, and Stanwardim w

the fields or some of them, in the county of Salop.

125. An act for dividing allotting the open and commoij fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable grounds, in the tithings or liberties of Ramfiury Town, parktoum* Whittonditch, Eastridge* and Baydon* within the manor of Ramsbury, in the county of Wilts.

126. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, common pastures, and moor, or common, in the parish of Bulmer in the north riding of the county of York.

127. An act for dividing, and enclosing cr0]ton Wood otherwise Corveton Wood or Common within the manor of Corfton otherwise Corverton, and parish of Diddlebury, in the county of Salop; and for making a boundary or ring fence against a certain Open and uninclosed ground, in the manor of Corpbam* within the same parish.

128. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadow, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of Shears afoby, in the county of Northampton.

129. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Bleqfby, in the county of Nottingham.

130. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and wafie grounds, within the manor and parish of Ipjlonei, in the county of Stafford.

131. An act to diflolvc the marriage of George Carpenter esquire, earl of Tyrconnel in the kingdom of Ireland with the right honourable lady Frances Manners his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

132. An act to enable William Dutton esquire, his first and other sons, and their issue male, to take, use, and bear, the name and arms of Naper* pursuant to the will of James Lenox Dutton esquire, deceased 5 and for making the exemplification of the will and codicil of the said James Lenox Dutton, under the great seal of Great Britain evidence in all courts of law and equity in fsreat Britain and Ireland.

133. An act to enable Isaac Martin Rebow esquire, to take and use the surname of Martin pursuant to the yvill of Matthew Martin esquire, deceased'

134. An act for naturalising Maria Perry.

135. An act for naturalising Charles Morris Klanert.

136. An act for vesting an undivided moiety of certain freehold and copyhold estates, late of Dame Elizabeth Pettys* deceased, in trustees, to convey and surrender the same respectively, pursuant to an agreement for the sale thereof; and for laying out the money in the purchasepf other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

137. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, several commons, moors, or waste grounds, and open common fields, in the township of Barnsley* within the parish of Silkjhn, in the county of York.

138. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, common meadows, (tinted pasture, and commonable lamia, within the parish of Bari Stoke, in the county of llrilts,

139. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable grounds, in the manor and parish of ajbton Keynes, in the cpuoty of Wilts.

140. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fen, common marsh, common fields, and waste grounds, in the parish of Surfleet, in the county of Lincoln.

141. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Cantley, Brampton, bcjjacarr, and High Eliers, within the several manors of Brampton and bejjacarr, in the parish of Cantley, in the west riding of the county of York.

142. An act for dividing anc) enclosing the several open fields, carrs, ings, or meadow grounds, and commons, or waste grounds, within the townships of Melbourn and Storthwaite, within the manor of Melbourn with Storthwaite, in the parish of Thornton, in the cast riding of the county of York.

143. An act for dividing and enclosing the common or waste ground, called Shapwich Moor or Shapwick Turf Moor, in th? parish of Shaflwifk, in the county of Somerset.

THE

STATUTES at Large, V

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, nee Britannia, Franc,

decimo septimo.

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the twenty-ninth day of November, Anno Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the graceofgod, ofgrta.t Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued by federal prorogations, to the thirty sirs day of October, 1776} being the third session of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the ferrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ferenty seven. At four billings in the pound,

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

CAP. III.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion $ for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. IV.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. V

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the county of Middlesex, and for building a workhouse for the said parish.

*96 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 6. [1777.

CAP. VI.

An act for vesting in David Hartley esquire, his executors, administrators, assigns, the sole use and property of a certain method'by him invented offecuring buildings against the calamities of fire,

throughout his Majesty's dominions, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his most excellent mojtfly King George the third,

reciting hu by his let ten patent, under the great seal of Great Britain, tertpatcinto date the first day of April, in the thirteenth year of his reign,

David Hartley did give and grant unto David Hartley, of Golden Square, in tb esq. parish of Saint James, in the county of Middlesex, esquire, his executors,

administrators, and assigns, the full power, foie privilege, and authority, of making, ufeng, exercising, and vending, a certain parti cular method by him invented, of securing buildings and Ships against the calamities of fire, within that part of his Majtjlfs kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick, upon Tweed, and atfo in his Majestfs colonies and plantations abroad, for the term of fourteen years; with a proviso, obliging the aid David Hartley, by writing under his hand and Jeal, to cause a particular description of the nature of the j'aid invention to be inr oiled in his Majestfs high court of Chancery, within four months after the date of the said recited letters patent: and whereas the said David Hartley did, in pursuance of the said proviso, cause a particular description of the said invention to be enrolled in the said high court of Chancery, upon the twenty fourth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy three: which defer ip ti: n is in the words and form, or to the effet following \ that is to Jay,

Description of TV/TY invention of a particular method of securing buildings the nature of xvx and ships against the Calamities of fire, is described in the invention, manner following; that is to say, 4k By the application of plates of metal and wire varnished or unvarnished, to the several parts of buildings and ships, so as to prevent the access of fire, and the current of air, securing the several Joints by doubling 44 in, overlapping, soldering, rivetting, or in any other manner closing them up, nailing, ferewing, sewing, or in any other manner fattening the said plates of metal, into and about the several parts of buildings and ships, as the case may require

And whereas the said David Hartley hath, with great attention and labour, prosecuted, and is Jhll prosecuting, a variety of experiments in order to per sell the said invention: and whereas the said David Hartley hath employed great sums of money out of his own private fortunt, and must necessarily advance jtill larger sums before the said invention can be completed, and rendered of general public utility xas well by fm os land: and whereas it will not be in the power of the said David Hartley to carry his invention into complete execution, so as to render the same of the highejl utility to the public of which it is capable, nor 'W there be any reasonable prospect to the said David Hartley of It

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 297

tng reimbursed the sums of money already by him expended and advancedy and the further sum necessarily to be by him expended and advanced, or of obtaining a proper return and recompense for so important an invention, unless the term granted by the said Utters patent be prolong edj and his property in the said invention secured not only within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and his Majestfs colonies and plan cations abroad, but also within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for such time as may enable him to obtain an adequate recompense for his labour, time, and expense: to the end therefore that the said David Hartley may be enabled and encouraged to prosecute and complete his said invention, Jo that the public may reap all the adxmntages to be derived therefrom in their fulleji extent \ may it please your tnoft excellent Majesty (at the humble petition and request of the said David Hartley) that it may be enacted; and, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, The foie pri the/ull power, foie privilege, and authority of making, using, yilegeof make exercising, and vending the said invention herein before particularly described, except as to ships within the kingdom of faj invention Great Britain, and his majesty's colonies and plantations abroad, vetted in da shall be, and are hereby declared to be, vested in the said David Hartley, Hartley, his executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during &eca'r[or 31 the term of thirty-one years \ and that he the said David Hartley*y his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his and their deputy or deputies, servants or agents, or such others as he the said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall at any time agree with, and no others, from time to time, and at all times, during the term of years herein before mentioned, shall and lawfully may make, use, exercise, and vend the said invention, within the kingdom of Great Britain, and in his majesty's colonies and V

plantations abroad, in such manner as to him the said David Hartleyr, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall in their discretions seem meet: and that the said David Hartley, his ex cutors, administrators, and assigns, shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of his said invention, for and during the said term of their

sone years, to have, hold, receive, and enjoy the same, for and uring, and to the full end and term of thirty-one years, as aforesaid; that no other person or persons within the king Penalty on dom of Great Britain, or any of his majesty's colonies or plan f*rion* tations abroad, shall at any time, during the said term of thirty so'inct

one years, cither direcftly or indirectly, make or use, or put in practice the said invention, or any part of the same so attained unto by the said David Hartley, nr in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same, nor shall make, or cause to be made, any addition thereunto, or substradtion from the same,

Exception, in favour of his majesty's dockyards,

C

Certain restrictions laid on David Hartley, con the breach whereof this atto become void.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c.[1777.

without the licence, consent, and agreement, of the said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in writings under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, first had and obtained in that behalf; upon such pains and penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such offenders for their contempt of this act, and further to be answerable to the said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, and alligns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby occasioned.

II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord high admiral for the time being, or the lords commissioners of the admiralty, or any three or more of them for the time being, to make use of the said invention, in any of his Majesty's dockyards, rope houses, brew houses, and victualling offices, and all other houses or buildings which shall be used in sitting or equipping his majesty's ships of war, or in victualling and supplying the same, for securing them against fire, in any such manner as they shall think proper, without licence obtained from the aforesaid David Hartley, his executors, administrators, or assigns.

III. Provided always, That if the said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons who shall, at any time during the said term of thirty-one years, have or claim any right, title, or interest, in law or equity, of, in, or to the power, privilege, or authority, of the sole use and benefit of the said invention, shall make any transfer or assignment, or pretended transfer or alignment, of the said liberty or privilege hereby granted, or any share or shares of the benefit or profits thereof, or shall declare any trust thereof, to or for any number of persons, exceeding the number of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any book or books for public subscriptions to be made by any number of persons, exceeding the number of five, in order to the raising any sum or sums of money, under pretence of carrying on the said liberty or privilege hereby granted j or shall by him or themselves, or his or their agents or servants, receive any sum or sums of money whatsoever, of any number of persons, exceeding in the whole the number of five, for such or the like intents or purposes; or shall presume to act as a corporate body, or shall divide the benefit of the liberty or privileges hereby granted into any number of shares, exceeding the number oi five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any act, matter, or thing whatsoever, during such time as such person or persons shall have any right or title, either in law or equity, which shall be contrary to the true intent and meaning of an act of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first, intituled An act for the better securing certain powers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by two charters, for assurance of Ships and merchandizes at jea, and for lending money upon bottomry, and for refraining several extravagant and unwarrantable practises therein mentioned; or in case the said power, privilege, or authority, shall at any time become vested in, or in trust for, more than the

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7. 299

number of five persons, or their representatives, at any one time, otherwise than by devise or succession, (reckoning executors and administrators as and for the Tingle persons whom they represenr, as to such interest as they are or shall be entitled to in right of such their testator or intestate)) then, and in every of the said cases, all liberties and advantages whatsoever hereby granted,

shall utterly cease, determine, and become void; anything here in before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it hereby enacted, That any objection which might have been made to the said invention not being a new invention, within the true intent and meaning of an act of the twenty first of James the first, sufficient to invalidate letters patent, may be made in bar to any action brought by virtue or in consequence of this act.

V Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the afore Clause forre said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, or assigns, to

ask, demand, or take, any greater price, than sixpence by the { je piatc8 foot square for the plates of metal, mentioned in the above recited specification, commonly called fire plates, unless the said plates of metal shall be made of copper, or of any other metal except iron, or unless they shall exceed in weight ten ounces avoirdupois to the foot square.

[Public act.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public

ad; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VII.

An act for enabling the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, to grant commissions to the commanders of private ships and vessels, employed in trade, or retained in his Majesty's service, to take and make prize of all such ships and vessels, and their cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited time.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the last session of this present?reamble parliament, intituled An act to prohibit all trade and in rcc*ting 16 tcrcourse with the colonies of New Hampshire, massachuset's Bay, Gc0, cap $ lflandy Connecticuty New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginiay North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and dischargings lading or shipping of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour Boston, in the province of Massachuset's Bay; and also two ad, Nmade in the last session of parliament, for retraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts re fpcdively mentioned j and to enable any person or persons, ap y 3 pointed

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7. [1777.

pointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned; it is (amongst other things) enacted, That all Ships and vessels of or belonging to the inhabit anti of the colonies therein mentioned, and all other Ships and vessels which shall be found trading in any port or place of the said colonies or going to trade or coming from tradings in any such tort or place ball become so feited to his Majesty, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture as if the same wen the Ships and effects of open enemies and that the flag officers captains commanders and aether commissioned officers in his Majesty's pay and also the seamen, marines, and soldiers on board shall have the foie interest ajnd property of and in all and every fuebship* vessel goods, and merchandise which they shall seize and take (being frfl adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty, J to be divided*in such proportions, and after such manner as therein prescribed: and whereas many Ships and vessels belonging to his Majesty's loyal and well offered subjects have been armed and equipped by the owners thereof for their own security against the rebellious and piratical attach of the inhabitants of the aforesaid colonies and several vessels belonging to, and fitted out by the rebels have been taken without any commffm from his Mflefly* the property of which Ships, and their cargoes though forfeited to his Majesty, is not by law vested in the captors: and whereas it is just and expedient to vefl* under proper regulations the property of all such Ships and vessels Jo taken in the captors and to provide some encouragement for the defence of the property of his ma jessy hyd subjects* as well as for taking and destroying Ships fitted out in an hostile manner by the inhabitants of the rebellious colonies; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the comm^eyrs authority of the same, That the lord high admiral of Great bri u.,  - or the commi (Turners for executing the office of lord

high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them im powered and appointed, shall and may, from and after the twentieth day of February one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, at the request of any merchant or merchants, being owner or owners of any ship or vessel employed in trade, or retained in his majesty's service, giving such bail and security as is herein after mentioned and expressed, cause to be issued forth one or more commi ((ion or commissions, to any person or persons whom such merchant or merchant? shall nominate to be commander, or in case of death successively commanders of such ship or vessel, for die attacking, surprising, seizing, and taking, by and with such ship or vessel, or with the crew thereof, all ships and vessels, goods, wares, and merchandizes, chattels and effects whatsoever, belonging to the inhabitants of the said colonies now in rebellion; and all ships and \efleis, with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, belonging to his majesty's subjects in Great Britain or Ireland which shall be found trading to or from the said colonies, contrary to the provisions of the said adfc of parliament $ and that

of the admiralty, C raay issue forth commissions to commanders of vessels, for raking ships, C belonging to the rebellious colonies, See.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7.'301

such ships and vessels, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels and All pmei to effects, so to be taken by or with such ship or vessel, according belong to the to such last menrioned commission or commissions, (being first car,; adjudged lawful prize in any of his majesty's courts of admiralty,) shall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among, such owner and owners of such ship and vessel, and the several persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and afliftingto the taking thereof, in such shares and proportions as shall be agreed on with such owner or owners of such ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the persons that shall be intitled thereto by virtue of such agreements among themselves 5 and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any adm.ral, vice-admiral, governor, or other person commissioned by, or claiming under, his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons whatsoever, other than the owner of such ship or vessel being the captor of such prize, ship or vessel, cargo, apparel, and furniture, and the persons claiming under him or them, shall be entitled to, any part or share thereof, (except as to the customs and duties) any custom, Statute, or other law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act.contained shall Except when entitle any ship having a commission, and which shall receive such commis orders from, and put herself under the convoy of any his Majesty's

ships or vessels, to share in any prize or prizes taken by^ such convoy, or by such ship having a Commission, whilst: the said commissioned ship shall remain under the care and protection of such convoy.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commissio

it (halt and may be lawful to and for the lord high admiral of ad^iral^msy Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of revoke any*lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any commission three or more of them, at any time or times hereafter, to revoke C and make void, by any order or orders in writing, under his or their hahd or hands, any commission or commissions which shall be issued forth to any person or persons who shall be nominated Commander or commanders of any ship or vessel, by virtue of this act.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the secretary of the admiralty Secretary of for the time being shall, with all convenient speed, after any and the admiralty every such commission shall be so revoked, cause notice thereofoff^hre* in writing to be forthwith sent to the owner or owners, or agent cation to the or agents, surety or sureties, or same one of them, of the ship owners, cor vessel named or described in such order of revocation; and in

case such ship or vessel shall be in the channel, the said order of revocation shall be effectual tofuperfede and annul the said com tniflion at the expiration of twenty days from and after such notice given as aforesaid, or sooner, if notice shall be actually given in writing, by the secretary of the admiralty, to the captain or commander thereof; and in case such ship or vessel shall be to the southward of Cape Finisterre % at the expiration of six Y 4 weeks j

granting any cominiuion.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7. [1777.

weeks; and in case such ship or vessel shall be in North America, who may com or the West Indies at the expiration of three months: and any plain thereof commander or commanders, owner or owners, agent or agents, to his Majesty fur^ty or sureties, of any such ship or vessel, whereof such com m council. miflfion or commissions, ijtued or to be issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in council, within thirty days next after the secretary of the admu ralty for the time being shall cause notice thereof to be given as aforesaid; and the determination of his Majesty in council, touching every such complaint, shall be final.

When any V Provided always, That in case any such order of revocation order of revo shall be superseded, such commission shall be deemed and taken cation shall bet have continued in force, and all prizes taken by virtue thereof commission awh belong to, and be the property of, such owners and captors, shall be deem in such manner as the same would have been, in case such order ed to have of revocation had not been made.

continued in yi. provided also. That no person shall be liable to be pu orcc* nished for doing, before he shall have received personal notice of

[Proviso.]such order of revocation, any matter or thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of such commission, in case such order of revocation had not been made.

Bail, C to be

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, taken before That before the granting or issuing of any commission in pursuance of this act, such bail and security shall be taken as have been usual upon the granting or issuing of commissions for private ships of war; and that, previous to the taking of such bail and security, the persons who propofeto be bound and give such security, shall severally make oath, before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England, or his surrogate, or other person or persons by such judge or surrogate lawfully commissioned, that, at the time of their being sworn, they are respectively worth more money than the sum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their just debts; and moreover, the marshal of the said high court of admiralty for the time being, or his deputy, or the person or persons so commissioned as aforesaid, is or are hereby required and directed to make diligent inquiry into, and satisfy himself or themselves of the sufficiency of such bail and security, and make a report thereof to the said judge, or his surrogate, before any such commission shall be granted or issued.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twentieth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, all and every person and persons who shall apply to the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the of tjme being, in order to obtain any commission to be granted or cargo, num issued forth in pursuance of this a*dt, shall make every such application in writing; and therein set forth a particular, true, and

exadi description of the ship or vessel employed in trade, or retained in his majesty's service, for which such commission is requested, ffecifying the cargo thereof, the burden of such ship

AH persons applying for any commission, to set forth in writing an

ber of guns, C

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 303

or vessel, and the number and nature of the guns on board the same, to what place belonging, and on what voyage bound, and the name or names of the principal Owner or owners of such ship or vessel, and the number of men intended to be put on board the same; (all which particulars shall respectively be inserted in every commission to be granted or issued in pursuance Commanders of this act;,) and that every commander of a merchant ship, or ofcommission a ship retained in his majesty's service, for which a commission.

be granted or issued in pursuance of this at, shall produce comm^hions^ such commission to the collector, customer, or searcher, for the to the collec time being, of his majesty's customs, residing at or belonging to for. See. of the the port from whence such ship or vessel shall be first fitted out, customs* or to the lawful deputy or deputies of such collector, customer or searcher; and the said collector, customer or searcher, or his hoare to or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall, as soon thereafter as so*111*uc* conveniently may be, without fee or reward, inspect and examine Ip*such ship or vessel; and if the same shall thereupon be found to and if found be according to the tenor of the description inserted in such agreeable to commission as aforesaid, or be of a greater burden or force than the deferipd shall be mentioned in such commission, then such collector, rrifica^al*customer or searcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, thereof.

shall, and he or they is and are hereby required immediately, upon the request of the commander of such Clip or vessel, to give a certificate thereof in writing, under his or their band or hands, gratis, to such commander; which certificate shall be deemed a necessary clearance before such merchant ship or vessel shall be permitted to sail from that port: and if the commander of any Penalty on ship or vessel, for which any commission shall have been granted commander or issued in pursuance of this act, shall depart with such ship r acer

vessel from such port of clearance, before he hath received such tificate.'&c. certificate, or shall depart from any such port, or proceed upon a voyage with a force inferior to the force specified in such commission, or required by this act, in every such case, the commission for such ship or vessel shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the commander so offending, being convicted thereof before any court of admiralty, shall be imprisoned, without bail or mainprize, for such space of time as the said court shall direct, not exceeding one year for any one offence.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That penalty on, if any collector, customer, or searcher of his majesty's customs, collector, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall grant a certificate cu^omer! for any ship or vessel which shall not be of the burden and force speci&ed in the commission granted to the commander or com calc manders thereof, or of greater burden and force than shall be mentioned in such commission, be shall, for such offence, forfeit his said office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any office in the customs, and shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person or persons who will sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the

Proviso for ascertaining the tonnage.

If the cotn

304 % Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7. [1777.

courts of session or exchequer in Scotland, in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed j and one moiety of the said penalty of one hundred pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the treasurer for the time being to the corporation for the relief and support of sick, maimed, and disabled seamen, and of the widows and children of such as shall be kilied, (lain, or drowned, in the merchants service, for the use of such corporation; or where such forfeitures shall be incurred in any of the out ports in which a corporation is established, or shall hereafter be established, for the purposes aforesaid, then a moiety of such penalty shall be paid to the trustees for the use of the corporation so established.

X Provided always, That the number of tonnes so to be certified, be ascertained according to the rules laid down by an a, passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (entitled. An act for making a convenient dock or basin at Liverpoole, for the security of all Ships trading to and from the said port of Liver pool.)

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That manderofany in case, at any time or times after the said twentieth day of Fe smsb, Ti, lrce ^ruary> one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, any with any/per commander or commanders of any merchant ship or ships, or Tonne belonging vessel or vessels, duly commissioned by virtue of this act, shall to any prize agree with the commander or commanders, or other person or taken, for the persons of or belonging to any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, of C fc fr ransom of any such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, or the respective cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, after the same shall have been taken as prize, and shall, in pursuance of such agreement or agreements, actually quit, set at liberty, or (Jifcharge any such prize or prizes, instead of bringing the same into some port or ports belonging to his majesty's dominions not in rebellion; that then all and every of the commander and commanders of such commissioned ship or ships, or vessel ferliccorduig or vessels, who shall agree for any such ransom, and shall quit, iy. 6 set at liberty, or discharge, any such prize or prizes in manner

aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be guilty of piracy, felony, and robbery, and he, they, and every of them, being duly convicted thereof, shall have and suffer such pains of death, loss of lands, goods and chattels, as pirates, felons, and robbers upon the seas, ought to have and suffer according to the laws now in being.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons, who shall be nominated and appointed agent or agents for any prize or prizes which shall be taken by virtue of this af, and which prize or prizes shall be condemned in the high court of admiralty in Great Britain, of condemns or in any other of the courts of admiralty in any of his majesty's uon*'dominions where the said prize or prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, shall exhibit, and cause to be registered, in the said high court of admiralty in Great Britain, rin the respective

he shall be deemed a pirate, and iuf

Agent shall register their letters of attorney within six months alter sentence

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7. 305

fpcdhve courts of admiralty in any other of his majesty's dominions, or elsewhere, where the said prize and prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the purposes aforesaid: and if any person or persons so appointed agent or agents, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, for the space of six calendar months next after sentence of condemnation of any prize shall be given in the said high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or other admiralty court in any of his majesty's dominions, for the care and distribution of which he or they shall be appointed agent or agents; such person or per or forfeit 500u fons so refuting or neglecting, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by adfcion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, or elsewhere; in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than northeast imparlance,

shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au Pronto, thority aforesaid, That if any agent or agents shall be appointed

after the time any sentence of condemnation, in any of the said courts of admiralty, shall be given, such agent or agents shall, under the aforesaid penalty, register, or cause to be registered, in manner aforesaid, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents, as aforesaid, within the space of six calendar months after the date of the said letter or letters of attorney.

XIV. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Ships and authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, mcichandixe or be construed to extend, or exempt any ships, goods, wares, o tepe!u*or merchandise, which shall be taken as prize, and brought or empted from imported into this kingdom, or any of his majesty's dominions, payment of from the payment of any customs or duties, or from being fub customs, See jedl to such restrictions and regulations to which the same now

are, or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and Statutes of this realm.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Certain dan that the several regulations and provisions expressed and con fesin 16 Geo. tained in the above recited act of the last session of parliament, 3. cap. 5. to be and all clauses, provisoes, matters, and things therein expressed esscutina this and contained, shall be applied, and made use of, for effectually's carrying this present act into execution, so far as the said regulations and provisions, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things

conta.ned in the said act of the last session of parliament, relate to, or in anywise concern, te condemnation, or other determination of prizes, and the proceedings thereupon, and also the appraisements and sales of prizes, and payment of prize money, and likewise the penalties and forfeitures to which the judges and officers of the admiralty courts, and also the agents for prizes, and embezzellers of any part or parts of prizes, and all officers of his majesty's customs, are thereby respectively made subject and liable, and shall (so far as the nature and circumstances

A

30s Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C.

[1777.

fiances of their respective cases will admit of) extend ft), and be fonfirued, deemed, and taken, in ail courts of admiralty, and all other courts whatsoever, to be in force, with respect to all such prize and prizes as shall be seized and taken by virtue and in pursuance of this act, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the like regulations, provisions, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, were herein particularly repeated and enacted.

Treasurer of XVI And, as a further encouragement to the officers, seamen, the navy to murines, fc Idlers, and others, on board his Majestfs ships of war, as seer*seamen atf f to^commissioned under the regulations of this act, to C onboard*attack, take, and dejiroy, any ships of force belonging to the said coh- any of his nies; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be Majesty's ships paid by the treasurer of his majesty's navy, upon bills to be

commiil?onedy mac*c ort by the of of the navy, to be paid accordnst0 course thereof, without fee or reward, unto the officers, shall take any seamen, marines, soldiers, or others, that shall be actually on ship of war, board any of his majesty's ships of war, or merchant ship or ic. fro in the fhjps retained in his majesty's service, to be commissioned as every man r aforesa|d, n any action where any ship or ships of war, or prion board such vateer or privateers, shall be taken from the rebels, sunk, burnt, ship, cor otherwise destroyed, by virtue and in pursuance of this act, five pounds for every man who was living on board any ship or ships so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the beginning of the engagement between them; the numbers of such men to be proved by the oaths of three or more of the chief officers or men who were belonging to the said ship or ships of war, or privateers of the rebels, or belonging to any of them, at the time of her or their being taken as p. ize, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the mayor or other chief magistrate of the port within any of his majesty's dominions, whereunto any prize, or officers, or men, of such ships as were sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought; or before thebritish consul or vice consul, residing at any port abroad to which such prize, or officers, or men, shall be brought; which oaths the said Mayor, or other chief magistrate of any such port, or consul or vice consul, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer; and shall forthwith grant a certificate thereof, without fee or reward, directed to the of of his majesty's navy, together with an authentic copy of the condemnation of such ship so taken; or if such Ship he sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor, or other chief magistrate, or consul or vice consul, as aforesaid, the said of f his majesty's navy, or such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, shall, according to the course of the navy, within fifteen days, make out bills for the amount of such bounty, directed to the treasurer Manner of di of the navy, payable to, and to be divided amongst, the officers, VI ling the seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board his majesty's ships of

bounty. war, in manner, form, and proportion, as, by his majesty's

proclamation, the payment of prize money is directed and ap o pointed

1777o Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7. 307

pointed to be divided; and amongst the owners, officers and seamen of any merchant ship or vessel, or ship or vessel retained in his majesty's service, to be commissioned by virtue of this a, in such manner and proportion as by any agreement in writing, they shall have entered into for that purpose, shall be directed.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That in all cases where anyproviforelat such oath and certificate cannot be administered and granted at if!st(?

the first port where any prize, or officers, or men, of such wps was shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall begrantidg ccr. brought, such oath or oaths, relating to any prize or prizes thattificate.

shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, as aforesaid,

shall and may be administered and taken, by and before the mayor, or other chief magistrate of any port within any of his majesty's dominions, or by or before the british consul or vice consul residing at any port abroad, whereunto any prize or prizes, or officers, or men, of any ships belonging to the rebels, as shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall at any time afterwards be brought, (proof being first made, by affidavit, before such person or persons, of the inability of making such oath or oaths, and obtaining such certificate at the said first port;,) and the mayor, or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul,

shall thereupon grant such certificate and certificates as are herein before directed; which certificate and certificates shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the same were granted by the mayor, or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul, of the port to which such prize or prizes, officers or men, as aforesaid, shall be first brought;, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, To what per that the bill or bills, to be made out for the bounty hereby

granted to the commanders and officers, seamen, marines, fol outfor tiic

dters, and others of his majesty's ships of war, for taking, fink bounty, me

ing, burning, or otherwise destroying, any ships of war or pri tobc payable.

vateers, belonging to any of the said rebellious colonies, shall be

made payable to such person or persons as shall be authorised and

appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain,

officersor officer, ship's companies or ship's company, and others

entitled thereunto, in like manner as directed by the said in part

recited act of the last session of parliament, for the nominating

and appointing agents for appraisements and Tales, to be made

as aforesaid, the same to be distributed and divided by the said

person or persons so authorised and appointed amongst the cap

rors, in such manner, form, and proportion, as aforesaid;

several shares of which captors, if not legally demanded within three years after public notification, and also of such as shall

ruo from his majesty's service, shall be applied to the use of

+Greenwich hospital: and that the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby granted to merchant ships to be commissioned by virtue of this act, for taking, burning, sinking, or otherwise destroying, any ships of war or privateers belonging to any of the said rebellious colonies, shall be made payable to such person

308 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 7; [1777.

or persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the owner or owners, officers or Teamen of such merchant ship or vessel, or

' ship or vessel retained in his majesty's service, to be commissioned as aforesaid, who shall have taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed the same, or the major part of them, to be divided in such manner and proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid.

Prizes which

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any taken from vc or bat, ta^cn as prize, or any goods, therein shall

salt majesty's appear, and be proved in the high court of admiralty, or any subjects not in vice admiralty court, to have belonged to any of his majesty's "bc^befubjcdls of Great Britain, or Ireland, or any of the dominions thein to terr*for*cs remaining and continuing in their allegiance to

9 the king, and under his majesty's protection, which were before

taken or surprised by any of his majesty's rebellious colonies or plantations before mentioned, and at any time afterwards again surprised and retaken from his majesty's said rebellious colonies or plantations, by any ship or vessel having such dommission as aforesaid; that then such ships, vessels, boats, and goods, and every such part and parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his majesty's subjects remaining and continuing under his protection, shall in all cases be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by decree of the said high court of admiralty or vice admiralty court, accordingly restored to such former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of faivage, (if retaken from the rebels by a merchant ship or vessel of i^stit'art comfn*c)nc^ a aforesaid) one eighth part of the true value of of the va?ue Ships vessels, boats, and goods, respectively Co to be restored 5 thereof. which salvage shall be answered and paid to the commanded officers, and crews of such commissioned ship or vessel, to be divided in such and the same manner as before in this act is directed, touching the share of prizes to the owners, commanders and crews of merchant ships, or ships retained in his majesty's service, having commissions as aforesaid.

s^ce# on

XX. And whereat in all shipt or vessels which shall be commissioned missionedtopsxnpurfmnce f lt ls expedient for the better disciplihi and

punishable in government of such hips, that all persons who ball enter themselves the same man - on board the said hips or vejfeh Jhculd be under proper regulations to fpy obedience to the lawful commands of the captains and chus com board lhipi ot of the said hips and vejfeh; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all offences committed by any officer or Teamen on board any ship or vessel, which shall be commissioned by virtue or in pursuance of this act, during the continuance thereof, shall be punished in such manner as the like offences Offenders ac are punishableon board his majesty's ships of war. cufed of

XXI. Provided always, That all offenders who shall be ac crimes cogni cussed of such crimes as are cognizable only by a court-martial, sable only by^confined on board such ship or vessel in which such of arar kce* commitlc<*> until they shall arrive in some port in confined on Great Britain, or Ireland, or can meet with a number of his board. See. majesty's ships of war abroad as are sufficient to make a courtmartial

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 8. 309

martial: and upon application made by the commander of such ship or vessel, which shall be so commissioned as aforesaid, to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or of, for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or the commander in chief of his majesty's said ships of war abroad, the said lord high admiral, or commissioner for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or such commander in chief abroad, are hereby authorised and required to call a court-martial for trying and punching the said offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted actions, against any person or persons, for or by reason of anything done

[Treble costs.]

or acted in pursuance of this act; then, and II every such case, such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general General issue. issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence: and if the ad shall appear to have been done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the same, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants and upon such finding, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Continuance That this act, and every clause, proviso, matter and thing hereof this act. in contained, shall remain, continue, and be in force, for, during,

and until the expiration, or other sooner determination of the aforesaid act of the last fetfion of parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An act to amend so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present m^jessy, (entitled, An act for establi filing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the East India company, as well in India as in Europe,) as relates to the day on which the annual eurtion of directers of the said company is to be made.

WHEREAS by an art, made in the thirteenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for establish preamble. ing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs Ad 13geo. 3* of the East India company, as well in India as in Europe,) it is, recited. among other things, enacted, That at the then next ensuing general election of divertors of the said united company, instead of an election 1 of twenty-four directors to serve for the space of one year only, there should be chosen, in such manner and order as the directors of the said united company for the time being should appoint, six divertors expressly for the term of one year, and six other divertors for the term of two years, and six other directors for the term of three years, and the remaining

X

Jio Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. C.

[1777.

maining six directors for the term of four years, and not otherwise; from thenceforth yearly and every year, and at the expiration of each and every of the said terms respectively, six new dir eft ors and no more y should be chosen, from time to time, in the place of such directors whofit term should have expired, and who were thereby declared incapable of being then rechojen; and at every fiubsequent election, during the continuance of the charter of the said united company, six new directors should be chosen) and should continue to be directors for the term of four yearly and no longer, to be accounted from the day on which the election of such directors was respectively made; and in case the office and authority of any such director should become void) by death) removal) or otherwise, another should be chosen) from time t time) in his place, to serve as a director during the remainder of such term for which the person whofit office should have become void was chosen, and no longer: and whereas the first general election of directors of the said united company, after the passing the said recited act, was made on the thirteenth day ofapril, which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fieventyfout) at which time six directors were chosen for the term of one year) six other directors for the term of two years, six other directors for the term of three years, and six other directors for the term of four years) according to the directions of the said recited act 5 and afterwards on the thirteenth day of April, which was in the year of our Lard one thousand seven hundred and seventy five) six other directors were chosen for the term of four years, in the room of those directors who were elected for one year as aforesaid'5 and on the thirteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, six other directors were chosen for the term of four years, in the room of those directors who were electedfor two years, as aforesaid: and whereas there is not any provision in the said act) for the making an election of directors of the said united company at any other time than on the exact day when the term of the former elections expire: and whereas the day of election of directors in the year one thousand seven hundred and evenly seven) according to the said recited act) will happen on Sunday, the thirteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven \ it is highly improper that such election should be made on a Sunday, and it is expedient that the like impropriety should be prevented in future; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem tien ofd fre& - bled, anc by authority of the same, That, instead of the said ors for 1777, " general election of six directors of the said united ederipany, in to be on Wed the said year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, for neiday, April the term of four years, being made on Sunday) the said thirteenth j day of April) one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven,

the same election shall be made on Wednesday) the sixteenth day and all future of the same month of April; and in respect to all future annual on on thef^ elections of directors of the said united company, instead of the second Wed ^ame being made on the exact day of the expiration of the term nesday ia for which the former directors were elected, in pursuance of the April. said recited act such future annual general elections of directors'of

1?77.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 311

of the said united company, shall be made on the second wed nesday in the month of April in every year.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Claurerelating the term of three years, for which six directors of the said com to the deter pany were elected4, in the said year one thousand seven hundred [h^terms^or and seventy four, and which will expire on the thirteenth day which the di of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall rector are

be enlarged; and such directors so elected for the term of three elected. years, shall continue directors of the said united company until the said sixteenth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and during the whole of that day; and in respect to the said directors elected in the said years, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, one thousand seven hundred and fe venty five, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, for the respective terms of four years; and as to all future directors of the said united company to be elected for the term of four years, in case the said respective terms of four years shall happen to expire before the second Wednesday in the month of April in that year in which the said respective terms of four years shall expire yet such directors shall continue to be directors of the said company until the second Wednesday in the month of April in which the said respective terms ot four years shall end, and during the whole of that day; and in case the said respective terms of four years shall not have fully run out on the said second Wednesday of the said month of April, in any fybsequent year, in which the said terms shall respectively expire; in such case the same terms respectively shall end and expire at the end of the day on the said second Wednesday of the said month of April in such year in which the said respective terms of four years shall end and expire, in the same manner as if the whole term of four years was fully run out; anything in the said recited act of parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas notice bath been duly given, that the elefiion of directors in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, will be on the thirteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven \ it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the directors of the said united company shall, within Directors to seven days after the passing of this act, cause notice to be given ive not, CC in in the London Gazette, that instead of the general election of six Gazenelrf the directors of the said united company, in the year one thousand dayofdhdioa feveh hundred and seventy seven, for the term of four years, be by this act ap'made on Sunday, the thirteenth day of April, one thousand pointed, seven hundred and seventy seven, the same election will be made

on Wednesday, the sixteenth day of the same month of af>ril\ which notice (together with the said former notice) shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient notice of the said election; any other law or Statute in anywise notwithstanding.

i Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c.[177l. J

CAP. IX.

An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain per font charged with) or suspected of, the crime of high treofon, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high Jcas, or the crime of piracy.

preambu. A EAS a rebellion and war have been openly and traiter oujly levied and carried on in certain of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, and acts of treason and piracy have been committed on the high seas, and upon the ships and goods of his Moje jly subjects, and many persons have been seized and taken, who are expressly charged orjlrongly suspected of such treasons and felonies, and many more such persons may be hereafter so seized and taken: and whereas such persons have been, or may be brought into this kingdom, and into other parts of his Majesty's dominions, and it may be inconvenient in many such cases to proceed forthwith to the trial of such criminals, and at the same time of evil example to suffer them to go at large $ be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent roa jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem persons guilty bled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every per ofh'ghtreason son or persons who have been, or shall hereafter be seized or taken or attcra*or of 'n ^igh treason committed in any of his majesty's co

p[racytor0fu hmies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor in the fpsfted there ad of piracy, or who are or shall be charged with or suspected of, may be of the crime of high treason, committed in any of the said colonies, or on the high feasor of piracy, and who have been, or shall be committed, in any part of his majesty's dominions, for such crimes, or any of them, or for suspicion of such crimes, or any of them, by any magistrate having competent authority in that behalf, to the common gaol, or other place of confinement as is herein after provided for that purpose, shall and may be thereupon secured and detained in safe custody, without bail or mainprize, until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight and that no judge or justice of peace shall bail or try any such person or persons without order from his majesty's most honourable privy council, signed by six of the said privy council, until the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, any law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it may be necessary to provide for such prisonert within this realm some other places of confinement besides the common h*s Majesty gals; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and my apphrt may be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his sign mafia ement for nuau to appoint one or more place or places of confinement such prisoners. within the realm, for the custody of such prisoners and all and every magistrate and magistrates, having competent authority in that behalf, are hereby authorised to commit such persons as aforesaid to such place or places of confinement, so to be appointed, instead of the common gaol.

III pto

kept in custody, ti 1 Jan. II 177*

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c.io, 11, g i j

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no offences shall What offers

be construed to be piracy within the meaning of this act, except b?

acts of felony committed on the ships and goods of hk majesty's racy!^subjects by persons on the high seas.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That nothing No person herein contained is intended, or shall be construed to extend to

the case of any other prisoner or prisoners than such as shallffen^ have been out of the realm at the time or times of the offence or committed offences wherewith he or they shall be charged, or of which he within this or they shall be suspected. realm,

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That This a & to this act shall continue and be in force until the said first day of continue in

January) one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and noforce^>nger. 1, 1

CAP. X

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the mllitfs in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning thf twenty-fifth day of March, ont thouumd seven hundred and fevpnty* seven.

CAP. XI.

An act for more effectually preventing frank and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in the counties of York, lancaster, and Chester.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty second year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, %

An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and (ilk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot prefers, and of all persons employed in the said several manu factures; and for the better payment of their wages: and by another act, made in (he fourteenth year of the reign of his present ma

King George the Third, intituled An act to amend an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of bats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and fiilk manufactures 5 and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot puffers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufae* lures \ and for the better payment of their wages: and by another act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, an ijoeo. $ intituled An act to explain and amend an act, made in the four recited' teenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to arpend an ccf, made in the twenty fecona year of the reign of his lau majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed m tf\e manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian

cotton,

314 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. t. n tl777

cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk tnanu failures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot prefiers, and of all per ions employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages: certain penalties and punishments in the jhid alts respectively mentioned, are inflicted upon all persons who ball reel false or Short yarn, find on persons embezzling the materials used in the said manufactures: and whereas the good purposes of the fmi laws have been greatly fruji rated, from the manufacturers of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the loss attending the resentment of the spinners and workpeople, by prosecuting them for offences against the said.acis: and whereas this important branch of the woollen menu factory will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the manufacturers are enabled jointly to carry these laws into effectual execution; which can not be done without the aid of parliament: may it therefore please

Jour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ling's.most excellent majesty, by and with the advice andcon sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, General meet that a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, ing of manu worsted yarn, and goods made from worded, in the counties of fjrcturera ap ycrk % lancqfitry and Chester, shall beheld at hauifax, in the mt 1 county of York, on the second Monday tr\ the month of Junt next ensuing after the passing of this act, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the same day, notice of which shall be given in the Leeds and Manchester newspapers, at lead twenty-one days before the said meeting, by the clerk of the peace for the west riding of the county of York at which said general meeting the said manufacturers present, fey themselves, or proxies appointed by writing under the hand of any of such thofeofyork manufacturers, shall have votes? and having first chosen a (hiie to cleft chairman, the york/biremanufacturers shall elect, nominate, and si, and those appoint eighteen persons from amongst themselves, and the and Ctefoireo lanca/hire and che/hire manufacturers shall elect, nominate, and persons to he appoint nine persons from amongst themselves; which said a committee, eighteen and nine persons fa to be elected, shall be a committee of the said manufacturers for the time being, and until another committee shall be chosen and appointed in the manner herein after provided, and so as often as there shall be occasion; which committee are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper persons, to be licensed by the justices of the peace of the west riding of the county of York, at any of their quarter sessions for the said riding, or any adjournment thereof, to be inspectors for the purposes herein after mentioned, and also to have the direction of all prosecutions of offenders against this and the said before mentioned acts, and the management of the fund herein after to be created, and to do all other matters and things which may be deemed necessary and proper for the carrying this act into execution, in such manner as the said committee of the manufacturers for the time being,

oc

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 11. 515

r any fovcn or more of them, at a public meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think best for the interest and advantage of all the said manufacturers.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law Committee to full to and for the said committee, or the greater part of them, appoint a

at any general meeting assembled (and they are hereby autho clerk: rifod and required) from time to time to pominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper person to be their clerk; which said clerk shall attend the meetings of the said committee, Hii duty, and shall, in proper books to be provided/or that purpose, enter and keep true and perfect accounts of all the acts, proceedings, and transactions of the said committee; and that each and every of the said manufacturers shall and may at all convenient times have recourse to, and peruse and inspect, all such books gratis, and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any pan thereof, paying twopence for every one hundred words to to be copied; and if the clerk shall refuse to permit any such manufacturer to ifrspect such books, or jefufe to make copies or extras thereof, at the rates or times aforesaid, he shall, for every loch offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty inflicted by this act is directed to be recovered.*

III. And be it funher enacted, That, for the purposes afore Quarterly laid, a meeting of the said committee, for the time being, shall meetings ap be held four times in every year 5 (that is to say) on the Monday pmted# before midsummer day, on the Monday before michaelmas day, on the Monday before the Epiphany, and on the Monday before eajier day, at eleven of the dock in the forenoon of each and every of the said days, who shall have power to adjourn themselves from time to time, as, occasion may require; three of which said quarterly meetings of such committee shall be held at same place or places within the county of York, and the other quarterly meeting shall be held at some place within the county of Lancaster; the first of which said quarterly meetings shall be held on the first of the said days on which the said quarterly meetings are hereinbefore appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the election of such committee as aforesaid, and at such place as shall be fixe^and agreed upon by such committee after their election; and at such first quarterly meeting, and every subsequent quar Chairman t terly meeting of such committee for the time being, a chairman be chosen for each of such said quarterly meetings being chosen, the place at which the then next following quarterly meeting shall be held, shall be fixed upon and appointed by the majority of such committee then assembled; and the chairman of such committee is hereby required to cause fourteen days notice to be given, of the time and place where the next following quarterly meeting of (bch committee is appointed to be held, in the Leeds and man thefter weekly newspapers: and all matters or things which shall q2cft*n* to come before such committee for their determination, shall be determined by a majority of votes of the members of such com y a majon mktec then present; and if there shall be an equality of votes

Z 3 upon

Mo bu fines to bfc done at quarterly meeting, titl lets seven members art present

*thl ee coffl tnittee men

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 11. [1777.

topdn any question which shall come before the said committee! then the chairman shall have a carting vote, by which vote such question in dispute shall be determined.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not at any Of such quarterly meetings be there present and assembled seven of the persons constituting such committee, then and in such case it is hereby declared, that no business whatsoever shall be done at such meeting; and the majority of the persons then present shall appoint at what place the next quarterly meeting shall be held, and give fourteen days notice thereof in the Leeds and Manchester weekly newspapers, in manner abovementioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall appear to any three or more of such committee for the time being, that fr more effectual putting any of the powers granted by this act into execution! or for settling or difeufting any matters or things whatsoever relative to the same, a Special meeting of such Committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall and may be lawful for the said three or more of the said committee for the time being, to direct the clerk to give notice of such special meeting of the committee, to every member thereof, setting forth the place where, and the time when, such special meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then present at such special meeting seven of the said committee, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee so present, to proceed in the execution of the power! given by this act to such committee

Mew commit

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any one or more tee men to be of the said committee for the time being shall die, or shall decline Hfclthn business as a manufacturer, or shall go to reside in any distant

part of the kingdom, or shall wilfully absent himself or themselves

from the said quarterly meetings for the space of one year, or refuse to act, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee for the time being, at any of their said quarterly meetings, there being seven of such committee then present, to choose another or other proper person or persons, being manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or goods made from worsted, in his or their place or places, who shall have the same power and authority as if appointed at a general meeting

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time hereafter it shall appear to any fifty or more of the said manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or goods made from worded, within the said counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, that the said committee for the time being neglect to discharge their duty, to the ends, intents, and purposes for which such committee was appointed; and in case such fifty or more of such manufacturers so dissatisfied shall, in writing under theiren^a^tam.11 bands, make complaint thereof to the justices of the peace for (ttg, etc the said wed riding of the county of in any of the general or quarter sessions of the peace for the said wed riding to be held and assembled, then and in such ca|e it shall and may be lawful

to

If Committee hegleft their duty,

jhlhces mayi on complaint

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 11, 317

to and for such justices in such sessions assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper, after hearing the nature of such complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worded, within the said counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, at such time and place as such justices shall think, proper, and shall also cause notice to be given of such general meeting of such manufacturers as aforesaid, in the Leeds and Manchester weekly newspapers, setting forth the place where, and time when, such general meeting shall be held, the lame not being left than twenty-one days after such notice given in the said papers, and which notice shall be continued in the said papers until such meeting shall be held; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such manufacturers then present at such general meeting called and held in manner as aforesaid, to eles, nominate, and appoint a committee, confiding of the same nupnber of persons, and in the like manner, and under and subject to the like orders, regulations, and directions, herein before laid down and ordered for the election of the first committee: and the persons (p elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee, in manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be invested with the same powers and authorities as the former committee were invested with. 1

VIII. Andy far preventing frauds and abuses for the future by persons employed in the said manufactures of combtng woolly woffled yarn, and goods made from worjledy and for the more effectual carrying this act into execution; be it further enacted, That the justices Justices to ap of the peace for the said west riding of the county of York, at point inspea their next quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the said worttc<* riding, or any adjournment thereof, after Midsummer next after yarn' the passing of this act, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint such persons, of good character and repute, within the said counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, as shall be recommended to the said justices by the said committee of manufacturers, or any seven of such committee, in writing under their hands, to be inspectors of worsted yarn, within the said counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester.

I. And be it further enacted, That the said committee of Committee to manufacturers for the time being, or any seven of them, shall Ration inspect and may, and they are hereby authorised to station such inspectors a? j al" for fuph districts in the said counties of York, Lancaster, and a r C Chester, 3s the said committee, or any seven of them, shall think proper; and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said in ipe&ors so appointed, such yearly salaries as the said committee, or any seven of them, shall think proper, to be paid out of the fund herein after mentioned to be raised for that and the other purposes of this act; and also shall and may remove, dismiss, and displace any of fqch inspectors, who, by sickness, or any other accident, shall be rendered incapable of serving the said office, or shall mi(behave, or not cooduct himself or themselvei to the satisfaction of such committee.

z4 X And

3i 8

Inspectorsto ule diligence in cormding and bringing offenders to justice:

their powers.

Pi regions tiow worsted yarn shall be reeled.

Penalties on false reeling of worsted yarn, etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. u.

[1777.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said inspectors for the time being, so appointed, shall severally and respectively, in the Teverai districts allotted to them by the said committee, use all due diligence and industry for theconviding and bringing to in ftice all offenders against this and the said former acts; and hb shall and do from time to time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the said committee, insped the several reels of all and every the spinners of worsted yarn, in their several and respective districts within the said counties of Fork, Lancosier, and Chester, and also the hanks of worsted yarn, in order to see that the directions herein after hid down for reeling such yarn be complied with; and also shall and do from time to time, when and as they or any of them shall detect any person or persons offending against this or the said former acts, lodge informations against such offender or offenders before the proper justice or justices of the peace, and prosecute such offender or offenders to conviction: for the easier detedion of all offenders against this and the said former acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such inspector or inspectors, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to demand entrance, at all seasonible hours, into the dwelling house or dwelling houses, (hop or (hops, outhouses or outhouses, of any agents, or persons hired or employed to put out wool to be spun, within the said counties of Fork Lancaster, and Chester, to insped the yarn in the custody of any such agent, or person hired or employed as aforesaid, within the said counties of Fork, Lamajlery and Chester^ where he has any information of, or suspeds any false or Short reeled yarn; and in case of refusal by any such agent, or person hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worsted yarn, to permit and suffer such inspection, he, she, or they so refuting shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, as such justice or justices, before whom he, she, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every person or persons employed, or undertaking to spin or reel worfied yarn for hire, in the counties of York, Lancosier, and Chester, or any of them, shall reel, or cause or procure the same to be reelect, either upon a yard reel of thirty-six inches, or a two yard reel of seventy two inches, round; and when such worsted yarn shall be so reelect, that each and every several hank of such worsted yarn shall consist of, or contain, seven raps or leas, and that each and every such rap or lea shall consist of, or contain, eighty threads of such worsted yarn.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, hired or employed in the combing of wool, or in the spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving of worsted yarn, or in the preparing or working up any of the materials used in the said manufactures, in the said counties of Fork lanco/itr, and Chester, or any of them, shall reel or cause to be reeled any worsted yarn contrary to the directions herein before specified

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. IX 3*9

and laid down for the reeling such yarn, or shall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwise dispose of, any wool, or other materials, entrusted with him, her, or them, to spin, or other purposes, and shall of all or any of such several offences be lawfully, convicted, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, libeny, town, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, or where such offender so charged shall reiideor inhabit, upon the oath of the owner of such yarn or wool, or upon the oath of the inspector or inspectors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby impowereo and required to administer) or by the confession of the person or persons charged with all or any of such offences, shall, for each and every such offence, be iuujed and liable to the same penalties and punishments as are severally inflicted by the said former act, so far as the said former acts, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which penalties shall be recovered, and punishments inflicted, in the manner di ceded by the said acts, or any of them; and which said penalties shall be publickly distributed by the constable of such townftlip, paiilh, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, in the presence and under the direction of the said inspector or inspectors, amongst the poor of such townftlip, parish, or place, last abovementioned.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That no part or share of such Provifa penalties or forfeitures be given to such offender or offenders,

his, her, or their family or families.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any agents, or persons hired or employed to put out ?gcnts refus wool to be (pun into worded yarn, shall have in his, her, or their custody or possession, any worsted yarn not reeled accord e/false Sei. ing to thediredions herein before specified and laid down foring yarn, the reeling thereof, and shall refuse or not set forth and give in evidence, before any of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said counties of Tori, Lancaster, and Chester, or any riding division, city, liberty, town, or place, within the same, respectively, being thereto required, what person or persons was or were the reeler or reelers of such false or Short reeled yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the same, so that the person or persons who reelect, or caused to be reelect, such false or Short yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they so refusing, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon the oath of any person or persons, before such justice or justices of the peace as are herein before mentioned,

shall forfeit and pay the fdm of five Shillings for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, so false or Short reelect, which shall be found in his, her, or their custody; all which penalties inflicted by this act shall be recovered in the same manner as the penalties inflicted by the said former acts are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paid, and applied, by such person or persons, and in such manner and form, to the poor of the town

A

gio Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. it, [1777.

hip, as the penalties herein before mentioned are dircaed to be paid and applied.

Upon the

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be so appointed an inspeaor of worsted yam, ethersto be' all happen to die, or shall be removed or displaced from his said appointed. office, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace of the said west riding of the county of York, in quarter sessions assembled as aforesaid, to licence some other proper person or persons to be an inspeaor or inspeaors of worsted yarn, within, the said counties of York, Lancaster, anachester, upon the like recommendation, and in such manner, as is herein before mentioned; which said person or persons shall be invested with all the powers, and subject to the like removal, and liable to the like penalties, for any breach or neglea of duty, as the inspector or inspeaors, in whose place or places he or they shall be appointed to succeed, was invested with or subject and liable to jftmhhment of

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any inspector mfpt&ort or inspeaors, so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any time or tiroes hereafter tac or receive, from any person or persons offending justice. against this or the said former aas, any sum or sums of money, or any other thing whatsoever, to screen from justice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent such person or persons so offending as aforesaid from being conviaed of such offence or offences, and being thereof conviaed upon the oath of two or more credible witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, or where the person or persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace to commit such inspeaor or inspeaors so offending to the house of correction, or other publick prison, in the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, for the space of one month.

XVII. And whereas iy several arts of parliament, made in tie tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, and several subsequent acts, the collectors of the duties upon fope, by the said acts'granted, are directed to pay out of the moneys in their hands, by way

of drawback, unto any person or persons who should employ any quantity of Jope in the making of any manufactures whereof the grsateft part of the value of the materials should be wool, or in preparing the wool for the same, the duties upon the fope so spent and consumed as aforesaid; and to the end that a sufficient fund may be rat fedfor defraying the expenses in and about the obtaining this act, and for paying the salaries of the inspectors and clerk to be appointed under, and by virtue, Fund to be and for the purposes of this ail, and all other necessary expenses at

established for tending the carrying this ail into execution, under the direction of the expcnccfof committee, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the execution That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the of this act. collcaor or collcaors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person

1777.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c.i u ti

or persons employed in the collection of the duties on fope, within the said counties of York Lancajbr, and Chester, and who by the hid acts are thereby directed to pay such drawback of the duties on fope to such manufacturers as aforesaid, and such collector or collectors supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, are hereby required, from time to time, to deduct and retain the sum of twopence out of every shilling, to which any person, being a master manufacturer of combing wool, worried yarn, or goods made from worded, redding within the counties of York,

Lancaster, and Chester, shall from time to time hereafter be intituled, and of which he, she, or they shall demand payment of, under and by virtue of the said acts, or any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever, as and for the duties of and for kll fope spent, employed, and consumed in the combing of wool, making of worded yarn, or any kind of goods made from worded, or preparing the wool for the same, in the said counties of York Lancaster, and Chejitr; and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, and each and every of them, shall severally and respectively pay, or cause to be paid, unto the treasurer of the wed riding of the county of York for the time being, (demand being made thereof), all and every the sum or dims of money by him, them, or any of them, so deducted, retained, had, or received, under and by virtue, and for the purposes of this act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said treasurer for Treasurer for the said wed riding of the county of York, for the time being, the west rid shall, out of the money hereafter to be received by him in man * york ner aforesaid, pay the charges and expenses of obtaining andxecbajwof passing this act, and the expenses relative thereto, together with this out of intered for all or any part of such expenses, the salaries of the in the moneys to spe&ors and clerk herein before directed to be appointed, the be received expenses of all prosecutions in support of this and the said former acts, and such other charges and expenses as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the support and encouragement of the said manufactory, as the said committee, or any four of them, in committee auembled, shall, by writing under their hands, direct or appoint; and the said treasurer is also hereby required not to pay any sum or sums of money, so to be hereafter received by hitni for the purposes of this act in manner aforesaid, to any person or persons whomsoever, or for any purposes whatsoever, without such order, direction, or appointment, in writing, under the hands of such committee for the time being, or any four of them, in committee assembled; and such treasurer shall, and he is hereby required, yearly and every year, at the quarterly meeting of the said committee herein before appointed to be held on '

the Monday before michatlmai day, in every year, for the future, to return and transmit to such committee, at such quarterly meeting, a true and perfect account of all and every the sum or sums of money which shall have come to his hands, or been paid by him, since the then lad yearly account; which said account shall be taid before the justices of the peace for the said C wed

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. cm.

[1777.

West riding of she county of frat their general quarter fetrons of the peace yeady to be held next after Michaelmas, by adjournment at Leeds, in the said west riding, for their inspection and allowance.

The rate of

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted That in case at any din the time hereafter the moneys herein before directed and ordered to  reduced Pa lf* hands of the treasurer for the said west tiding of w*the county of York for the purposes aforesaid, shall, affter payment of all and every the charges and expenses herem before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the fumtf six hundred pounds; then, and iti such case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said justices of the peace for the said west riding of the county of Tonnes, at their general quarter sessions to be held at Leeds, as aforesaid, upon application made to them by the said committee, or any seven of them, by writing under their hands, or upon application made to them the said justices by fifty or more master manufacturers of combing wool, worftd yarn, or goods made from worded, within the said counties of Tori, Lancaster, and che/ier9 by writing also under their hands, to make orders for reducing the aforesaid twopence per shilling, Which the collectors and supervisors of excise are herein befoit directed to retain in their hands, to three halfpence, one penny, or a halfpenny per shilling, as they may think neceflery, unt8 such fund shall be reduced to three hundred pounds; and from time to time, upon like application, to advance or reduce the same, so as the fund in the treasurer's hands shall not exceed six

hundred pounds, nor be reduced to less than three hundred pounds, and so as the same shall never exceed the rate, proportion, or Aim of twopence per shilling, herein before diro2edto be deducted and retained as aforesaid.

How justices

XX. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices are to proceed before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall on conviaion cause the said convicton to be made out in the manner and form of offenders. following. (that is to say).

Form of conte it remembered, That on the vision. JD day of in the year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me [or us] of his Majesty's justices of the peace for

[specifying the offence,

and the place where the same was committed; and also specifying that it was the first, second, or third offence, against this act, as the case shall be.]

Given under my hand and seal [or, our bands and feats] the iof and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the said justice or justices shall causetobe fairly wrote on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter session of the peace for the county, riding, di?ifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among

the

1777.] Anno cimo septimo gfcosgii IL cit. $2$

the record of such county, riding, division, cky, liberty, town or place.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Persont ag foid, That if any person or persons shall find him, her, or them tctthe (elves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any justice or qu|terst( justices, or upon any conviction before him or them in pursuance font

of this act, such person or persons may appeal to the next general quarter sessions to be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen days next after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving, ten days notice of such appeal to the person or persons discovering the offence on which the conviction was made; and if the justices at the said quarter sessions either confirm or disannul the orders or proceedings of the said justice or justices, they shall allow such costs and charget to the party aggrieved thereby, as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in cases of appeal from any order of the justices of the peace to the sessions, whose order therein shall be final. '

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That the person or persons p^jons p appealing to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace as aforesaid, shall give security, to the satisfodion of the said justice prosecute^etc# or justices, to prosecute such appeal with effod; and to pay the

cons which shall be ascertained by the said general or quaner sessions, in case such order or judgement be affirmed; and the justices in the said general or quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such appeal, and to make order therein; and to award such costs, as to them shall appear just; Order ofjuffi# which order shall be final and condusive to all parties, and shallcc* to be final not be removed or removable, by any writ of Certiorari, of otherwise, into any of his majest/s courts of record at fveji* mhtftery or el few here.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Proceedings no order, or other proceedings, so made or had, by or before

any justice of the peace, in relation to the precnifes, shall qoashed or vacated for want of form only.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any suit or action shall be commenced or prosecuted adiom. against any person or persons, for anything done or to be done

in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be severally laid, brought, and tried in the counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, as the case shall happen, and not elsewhere; the defendant or defendants in such adlonsor suits shall and may plead the general issue. General issue.j and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury shall find for the

3*4

[Treble costs.]

[Public act.]

[Preamble.]

Act 7 Geo. 3. recited)

pod farther

continued till

June i, 179s.

[Preamble.]

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 12  14. c1777-

the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given aeainst the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases at law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act) and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XII.

An act for building abridge across the river Severn, from or near a place called Preen's Eddy, in the parish of Brofelev, to or near a place called The sheep waq), in the parish of Sutton Maddock, in the county of sa lop j and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the same.

CAP. XIII.

An act for continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals sold by wharf measure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof and between Tower dock and limehouse*hole, in the county of Middlesex.

WHEREAS ad act of parliament was made in the seventh year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals sold by wharf measure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between tower dock and limehouse hole, in the county of Middlesex, which said act hath continuance from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, for the term of fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas the said act hath been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be and is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XIV.

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a theatre in the city of Chester.

WHEREAS a licensed theatre or playhouse is desired in the city of Chester; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be encted j and be it enacted by the king's most

ccllent

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii IIIic. 15*16. j45

cellent majesty, by and with the advice and con Tent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of hiimajdhr an act of parliament, made in the tenth of his late Majesty's '^nhettws^ reign, intituled An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made patent for in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act establishing a for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beg theatre at gars, and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more Chester. effectual punching such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common players of interludes \ whereby all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the stage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his majesty's household for the time being, except within the liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is residing for the time being; be, and the same is hereby repealed, with respect to the said city of Chester and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre or playhouse within the said city of Chester, which shall be entitled to all the privilege, and subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhouse in Great Britain is entitled and subjected,

CAP. XV.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guifelev, Calverley, jbatley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, kirk beacon, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordship or hbetty of Tong, in the west riding of the county of York $ and for extending the jurisdiction of the courts baron of the honour of Pontefract, manor of Wakefield, and manor of Bingley, in the said county.

CAP. XVI.

An act for limiting the exemptions from toll tfgranted by any act orafts of parliament for repairing turnpike roads) on account of cattle going to and from water or pojlure.

WHEREAS an exemption from toll has, by several acts for Preamble repairing turnpike roadsy been granted for cattle going to and from water and pasure: and whereas many disputes have arisen how far that exemption extended \ and it is not reasonable that cattle going to and from water or pafure should be exempted from tolly when they travel upon y and make use of any turnpike road for any considerable length; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where any exemp How far the lion from toll for cattle going to and from water or pasture, is exemption or shall be given by any act or acts made, or to be made, fr X oing repairing any turnpike road, such exemption shall only extend J*any from to such cattle as shall be driven to Acid from water or pasture water or paf

from tore.

s

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 17. [1777.

from one parish to the next adjoining parish, or to such cattle as shall not pass upon any such turnpike road, more than for the space of two miles in going to or returning from water or pasture. This a ft not

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this

to exempt cat al contained shall exempt from the payment of toll, any cattle tle otherwise going to and from water or pasture, for which any person shall toll.c to pay* to pay toll, by any act made, or to be made, for repairing any turnpike road.

CAP. XVII.

An act for dividing the chase of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex; and Tor other purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

[Proviso.]

Rights of parties. Claim of Trinity College, Cambridge, to great tithes \ and of the vicar of Enfield to the foall tithes. Survey made, and plan taken. Quantity of land. The scheme of division. Allotment to Enfield. Allotment to Edmonton. Allotment to South Mimms. Allotment to Monken Hadley. Apportionment of Monken Hadley allotment. Allotment to the incumbent. Allotment to Hadley common. Allotment to Enfield Old Park. A road to be made by Enfield Old Park. Proprietor of the park to pay 5l. a year to the parish of Edmonton j who are, to make and maintain the said road. Allotment to Old Fold manor. Reservation of common rights to Enfield Park and manor of Old Sold. Pinfolds reserved to the Croton. Stewards, etc. may remove pinfolds, with consent of churchwardens. Allotments to be accepted in lieu of other rights. Allotment in discharge of great tithes of certain parts of the chase. Directions for apportioning the residue of the tithe allotment. When referees differ in opinion, an umpire to be elected. For apportioning part of the tithe allotment. Enfield vicarage may be 'augmented, etc. Deed of augmentation to be enrolled. Allotments to be accepted in lieu of such tithes. Certain parts of the chase made tithe free. A reservation to tithe owners, till their allotments be fenced. Powers to compound for tithes of Enfield allotment. The like power as to Edmonton and Hadley allotments. The like for Hadley incumbent's allotment. The like for the owners of incroachments. Compositions for tithes not to prejudice lessees. Allotments to the King. Fences to be made at his Majesty's expense. Except, etc. The nature of the fences described. Directions for planting quiclcsets, etc. By whom the fences are to be repaired. His Majesty, etc. empowered to grant leases for 99 years, and to mew the same. Clause for encouraging growth of timber on the King's allotments. His Majesty rights of chase refereed for a limited time. Owners of allotments may kill deer upon their own lands. Enfield chase, after Jan. r, 17791 to be difehafed. Certain parts of the chase maybe imparked. Fisheries reserved to his Majesty for a limited time. Timber refereed to the crown for a limited time: Application of moneys arising from sale of timber. The crown empowered to sell certain parts of the ebase, etc. Purchasers, on payment of purchase money, to be vetted in fee simple, etc. The crown not to sell more than50 acres betides incroachmpnts. Application of the purchase money. Edmonton allotment annexed to that parish. South Mimms and Old Fold allotments annexed to South Mirams parish. Monken Hadley allotments annexed to Monken Hadley parish. The rest of the chase to belong to Enfield parish. Directions for assessing the King's allotment. Roads and bridges to be made at his Majesty expence. 'A description thereof. The king's and tithe allotments erected into a district for repair of roads. Two surveyors to be appointed. Surveyors, etc. empowered to get materials from commons, filling up pits. etc. Roads over the other parts of the chase, by whom to be made. Ridgeway road to be continued to Enfield town. Quarter sessions may convert certain private roads into public roads. a Owners of lands now part of the chase, excluded from rights of common in marshes, etc. Provisions for possessors of incroachments on the parish allotments. Confirmation of grants by

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. a'17. 32/

copy of court roll. Confirmation of crown leases. On what terms pof fcftb of other incroachmmts may obtain leases. On what terms copy hold incroachments may be enfranchised or the fee simple of other in croachments may be purchased. Rectipts to be given for purchase moneys. The form thereof. Rights reserved till fences made. Enfield vicarial dues reserved. Dues to the other vicars. Powers for the parities to make rules and orders concerning the irrefpsctive allotments: Such rules and orders to be signed by the major part of landowners, etc. assessed to the land tax at 10 L a year. Moneys accruing from parish allotments, to be paid to churchwardens, etc. till order made to the contrary. 200 acres of Enfield allotment to be enclosed, and tithe free. Parish officers, with consent of the vestry, may lease the same. Qualification of persons to vote in vestry. No lease to be granted for more than three lives or 99 years.

Proper roads to be left. Churchwarden of enfield empowered to demise xo acres to sir Thomas Hallifax, for 99 years; and 10 acres to Humphrey Bache, e q for the same term. Application of the rents of the 200 acres'.

Edmonton common to be (hut up 14 we: ks every year. Limitation of penalties for cattle trespassing on the commons. Freeholders, etc. to have the same rfpts to recover as the crown would have had. flo new gates to be setup, or ways made, without leave of the veitry. Exceptions. Penalty on offenders. Recitals in respeff of South Mimms pirish. South Mimms allotment, and bentley heath, to be divided and allotted among the freeholders, etc. Commissioners appointed. Commissioners tov be fvrom. Oath of of When of die, or refu'e to&, new ones to be choien. Two of to be a quorum. Notice'of meetings and limirtions of distance Survey, admeasurement, etc. to be made. Incroachments made before Sept xg, 1776, 'to be the property of the persons in possession. Exceptions. Parish rents reserved. commissioners to appoint roads, fences, bridges, etc. At whose expense roads to be made and repaired. Vicarage of South Mimms to be augmented. '

Vicar, with consent of the patron, etc. may exchange lands allotted to him. Appointment of the residue of the waste. Allotments for cottages, etc. Allotments to other persons. Assessments to be consolidated. Own. eis of two or more cottages to be allotted one acre for each. Two d waitings under one roof but one cottage. Provision for untenacted houses.

An exception as to Mr. Alien, the brewers company, and Shenley parish.

Earl of Salisbury's allotment, in discharge of manerial rights and tithes. Coouniffiqners to have regard to the quality and situation of the lands, etc.

Mr. Byng's allotment. Mr. Byng to make a certain part of the road, and to keep it in repair for 7 years. Allotment to Mr. Bowyer. Power to exchange lands. Allotments to be iuclofecj, etc. Penalty on persons neglecting to indofe. May be levied by distress, etc. Gaps to be left in the fences. Allotments to be accepted within a certain time. Guardians, etc. may accept. non acceptance of guardians not to prejudice infants, etc. This act not to affect wills or settlements, etc. Allotments to be freeholds. Allotments to be the immediate property of the landlords. Leflces may appeal to of Tenants for life, etc. empowered to borrow money to enclose, etc. and to mortgage the allotments for a security. interest to be kept down. Mortgages, etc. may be assigned. Commissioners to make an award. Award to be ingracted, and enrolled in the duchy court. Right of common, etc. to cease. The lease of the coney warren to be vacated from ft. 1, 1777. For selling Mr. nicoll'a cottage and land.

For sale of Mr. Ruftell's cottages and lands. Valuation of timber to be made on oath. The oath. Commissioners to notify the value of the trees on each person's allotment. If owners of farth decline the purchase, the trees to be sold by public auction. Application of purchase money of land, timber, etc. In case of d ficiency, how the same shall be supplied.

Allowance to the of Commissioners to account, etc. Brew*company to enfranchise their copyhold t nements, etc. Form of en franchiiement. Mimms allotment to be a seigniory. Its name. Churchwardens incorporated. Clause for preserving new fences. No sheep to be keprin the new enclosures for 7 years except, etc. Tenants for life, etc. empowered to cut dowa and carry away trees, buffees, etc. Power for the

328 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

vtears of Enfield, etc. and Hadley incumbents, to grant leafet. How rents shall be paid on death, cession, or resignation. Clause for prore&ion of the woods. Penalty for destroying fences. Method of recovering penalties. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Hadley parish to be within the jurisdiction of the ordinary. Certain tn. C oachments enfranchised. For ascertaining tenures. Six parts to be made of the survey, and to be certified by the speaker of the house of commons: to be kept in the parish chelu.trinir) College, and in the duchy office. Per font aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions; whole determination shall be final. Limitation of actions. General ifl\ie may be pleaded to actions. Saving the rights of the New River company. General laving of rights. Pubuck ad.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for enabling the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, to purchase the present tolls and duties payable for navigating upon the river Thames, vjeftward of london bridge, within the liberties of the city of London, and for a laying a small toll in lieu thereof for the purpose of more effectually completing the aid navigation \ and for other purposes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the fourteenth a^ted^c3'* year f therein f ^ts Present Majesty, intituled An act rtci*more effectually to improve and complete the navigation of the river Thames, westward of london bridge, within the liberties of the city of London, and to prevent any vessel or barge from being moored in taplow mill dream, in the county of Rucks; the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council of sembled, were and are authorised and empowered to improve and complete the navigation of the said river, between the city of London and the city stone above stains bridge, in the county of Middlesex

whereas the may or, alder men, and commons, of the city of London,

have proceeded to carry the said oft into execution, and fevcrcl necessary and expensive works have been performed within their junf diction, between the city of London and the city stone above stains bridge, whereby the navigation bath been greatly improved, the pfe sage for boats and barges rendered more expeditious, and the expectes of navigating confederably reduced: and zybercas the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, have already applied near Un thousand pounds in this service, out of their own efeates, but find that) notwithstanding so large a sum has been expended by them, other works, very necessary for completing the improvement of the said navigation, fill remain to be done, the probable expense of which will, as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, have been informed amount to the additional sum of near eight thousand pounds, over anl above a considerable expeme that will annually be incurred in repairing and supporting the workj: and whereas the mayor, aldermen, anl commons, of the city of London, are deferous of being enabled to pur ebafe the several tolls and duties or other fumy of money now collectd and taken for barges and other vessels navigating, and for horses drawing set b barges and vessels, within the limits before mentioned \ ani propose that the said tolls and duties, or other sums of money so pur, clajed by them, shall cease and be no longer paid; as they apprebeni, from the circumstances and nature of the said tolls and duties, anl

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. 329

aether furm of money, that they are attended with great inconveniences to the navigation, and to the public: and the aid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in order to carry the good purposes of the said jormer act into execution, and to enable them to purchase the present tolls and duties, and payments, and to complete the fold navigation, are also desirous that they should be empowered to lay a small toll, in lieu of the present tolls and duties, and payments, upon the several barges, boats, and other vessel, navigating the said river, between london bridge, and the city stone above stains bridge, according to the quantity of tonnage: but, as the same cannot be done without the aid and authority of parliament, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's moult excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confenr of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be law Power given fii! for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common to the mayor, council assembled, and they are hereby empowered to treat and etc. in com. agree with the owners and occupiers of, and other persons interested in, the several tolls and duties and payments, now col purhase I Jested and taken for barges and other vessels navigating, and for old tolls and horses drawing such barge? and vessels, between the city of Lon duties, etc. don and the city done above stains bridge, for the purchase of such tolls and duties; and with the owners and occupiers of, and other persons interested in, such lands or grounds as they shall judge fit to be purchased for the purpose of erecting toll houses and toll gates, or other the purposes of this act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bodies poli it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politic, corpo ticic* truitecs, rate, or collegiate, or corporations aggregate or foie, trustees and feoffees in trust, guardians, and committees for lunatics and convey tolls? idiots, executors, administrators, and guardians whatsoever, not duties, and only for or on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique truffs, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whatsoever; and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be seized in their own right, and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever who are or shall be feizod or possessed of, or interested in, any of the tolls or duties or payments, now collected and taken, for barges and other vessels, navigating, or for horses drawing such barges and vessels, within the limits herein before mentioned, or any lands or grounds, which by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or committee to be by thetri appointed, shall be thought necessary to be purchased for the purposes of this act, to sell and convey al or any such tolls, duties, lands, and grounds, or any part thereof, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and that all contrasts, agreements, bar

gains, sales, and conveyances, which shall be made by such* 1 persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but also to convey all right, estate,

A a 2 interest,

3p

If parties refuse to treat, etc. a jury to be summoned

Anna dtcimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [; 1777.

: ipferect, use, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and ail claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them; any law, Statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: and that ajl such persons so conveying as aforesaid, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do, by virtue of, or in pursuance of this act, notwithstanding any omission or mistake of matter or form whatsoever. And if it shall happen that any person or persons, body or bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, or other person or persons fe*fed or possessed of, or interested ina any such'duties, lands, or grounds, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the tale and conveyance of their respective estates and interests therein, with the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council a (Tcm bled, or with any person or persons authorised by them, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the premises, they arc in possession of, or to the interest they claim, to the satisfaction of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in comipon council assembled, or to the person or persons Jo authorised by them; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city, to be ho! Jen in the outer chamber of the guild htyll of the said city, according to the custom of the said city; and the said court is hereby empowered and authorised, to iitue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the sheriffs of the city of London, or the sheriff of the county of Middle, or the sheriff of the county of Surry, as the case shall require, who are, and each of them is hereby authorised, directed, and required, accordingly, to impanel and return a competent number of substantial and disinterested persons qualified to serve on juries, not Jess than forty eight, nor more than seventy two, and out of such persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a jury of twelve persons shall be drawn by some person to be by the said court appointed, in such manner as juries for the trial of ifiues joined in his majesty's courts at Westminster^ (by an act, made in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, intituled An act for the better regulation cf juries,) are directed to be drawn; which persons so to be im panntlled, summoned, and returned, as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said court of mayor and aldermen, if the tolls, duties, lands, or grounds in question, are collected and taken, or lie in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, at such time and place, as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and if the tolls, duties, lands or grounds in question, are collected and tjken, or lie in either of the counties of Middlesex, or Surry, to come and appear before the justices of the peace for the county where the tolls or duties are collected, cr the lands or grounds in*question lie, at some general quarter fcltions of the peace, to be held for the faiqe county, or some adjournment thereof; and

1777.] Anno decimo fcptima Georgii IN. C 18.

33

to attend the said courts respectively, from day today, until discharged by the said courts respectively; and a)) parties con jurymen may cerned shall and may have their lawful challenges against any of be challenged, the said jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the array: and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices as aforesaid, respectively, re hereby authorised and empowered, by precept or precepts, from time to tiir.o, as occasioft shall require, to call before them all and every person and persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper or needfary to be examined as a witness or wifnefies, on their oarh or oaths, touching and Witreflesma/ concerning the premises: the said court of mayor and alder be examined men, or judices, as aforesaid, respectively, if they think sir, shallonoat'and may likewise authorise the said jury to view the place or places in question, in such manner as they shall direct; and thtf said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, re spe6lively, shall have power to adjourn such meeting from day today, as occasion shall require, and to command such jury, Jury to eit witnesses, and parties, to attend until all such affairs, for which q*i*e inro th they were summoned, shall be concluded; and the said jury, upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person jan(fe etc, fa or persons as shall be'called upon to give evidence, the said question. court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, respective ly, are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall inquire of the value of such tolls, duties, lands, and grounds, and of the respective estate and interest of every person seized or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any part thereof and shall assess and award the sum or sums to be paid to every such person or persons, for the purchase of such their estates and interests; and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, respectively, shall and may give judgement for such sum or sums of money, so to be assessed; said verdht or Verdict of verdicts, and the said judgement, decree, or determination there Jury. etc. ff upon, notice in writing being given to the person or persons interested, or claiming so to be, at lead fourteen days before the time of such assessment, declaring the time and place of the meeting or the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, respectively, and jury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling house of such person or persons, or at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, or with some lessee, tenant, or occupier of some of the said tolls, duties, lands or grounds intended to be valued and assessed, in case such party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such notice) shall be binding and conclusive, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, against, all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, claiming any estate, right, title, trust, use or interest, in, to, or out of the said toils, duties, lands or grounds, either in possession, reversion, 'remainder, or expectancy, as well infants and issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, and femes covert, and persons under any other legal incapacity or disability, as all other tcf.uique trusts, his, her, and their heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, and against all other persons whomsoever \ thw

said

Arguments and conveyances to be made to the Maj or, etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

said verdis, judgements, and decrees, and all other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices as aforesaid, respectively, and juries, so to be made, given,: nd pronounced, as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on parchment, and signed and sealed by the mayor for the time being, or by the justices present, or; he major part of them.

III. And it is hereby.further enabled and declared, That upon payment of Lch sum or sums of money, so to be awarded or adjudged, the person or persons, to whom the same shall be so awarded for the purchase of the said tolls, duties, lands or grounds, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein. make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, assignments, and assurances in the law, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the said tolls, duties, lands and grounds, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, alignments, and assurances, and shall do all acts, matters, and things, necessary and requisite to make a good, clear, apd perfect title, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and such conveyances, alignments, and assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual covenants as shall, on the part of the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, be If person'can required: and in case such person or persons, to whom such sum not evince a or lums of money shall be so awarded, as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their title to the premises, to the satisfaction of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council alfetn* bled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, and such sum or sums so alfclted and awarded as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such conveyances, assignments, or assurances, as aforesaid; or in case such person or persons to whom such sum and sums of whertthe110^ money ke awar^e(l as aforesaid, cannot be found in the lands etc. lie c'fy or counly where the toils, duties, lands or grounds, for 'which the said sums shall be so alfelfed or awarded, are collected and taken, or lie; or in case, that by reason of disputes, depending in any court of law or equity, or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council assembled, what person or persons is or are the purchase intiiled to the premises in question; then, and in every such money to be case as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said court of'mayor and aldermen, to order the said sum or sums, so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as the value of, and purchase money for the said tolls, duti s, lands and grounds respectively, to be paid into the bank of England, for the use of the parties mrercfttd in the said prefnifes, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their respective estates and interest therein, at such time as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall order

q and

clear title to the premises.

or cannot he found in the

lodged in the bank.

33$

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18.

and direct; and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, vrho shall receive such sum or sums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the same is or are received, to such personas shall pay any such sum or sums into the bank as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, verdich and That all such verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, orders, decree of the and other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, court of alder or justices as aforesaid, respectively, and juries, as relate to, ore Concern any tolls, duties, lands or grounds, so to be purchasedamongdie as aforesaid; and all receipts which the said cashier or cashiers of record of the the bank shall give for any sum or sums of money, paid into the said court bank in consequence of any such verdict and judgement, shall be entered among the records of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or general quarter sessions of the peace sot the said county of Middlesex, or the said county of Surry, as the case shall happen to be; and the said verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, and other proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be records, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof, in any court or couris and to be of law or equity whatsoever and all persons shall and may have deemed good recourse to the samegrj//j, and take copies thereof, paying forcvldcnct* every copy, not exceeding two hundred words, sixpence, and so proportionably for any greater or letter number or words: and After such immediately after such verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, verdih, ctc. orders, and other proceedings of the said court of mayor and the du "aldermen, or justices aforesaid respectively, and juries, and of to b/purchas! such receipt or receipts of the said cashier or cashiers as aforesaid, ed, vetted in all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim the maydrand and demand, in law and equity, of the person or persons for citiacus., whose use such money shall be paid, in, to, and out of the said tolls, duties, lands and grounds to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and they shall be deemed in law to be in the actual poflfeflion thereof, to all intents, and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every person, having any estate in the premises, had actually conveyed the same byleafe and release, bargain and sale in rolied, grant, feoffment with livery and seisin, fine and recovery, or any other legal conveyance whatsoever; and such payments shall not only bar ail right, title, interest, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whole use such payments were made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such person and persons, and all estates tail, in possession, reversion, or remainder, and all rights and titles, in respect of any such estate tail, against the issue and ilfues of such person and persons, and every person claiming under them, as effectually as a fine or recovery would do, if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

A I 4 V pro

33+

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

Court of al V Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the clermen may fajj court of mayor and alderpien, after such payment into the chase money hank, and entry of the receipt aforesaid, at the petition of any in the funds person or persons in possession of such tolls, duties, lands or on govern grounds, to place out or invest, or to cause to be placed out or ment security, inverted, such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, in Etc' _ some of the public funds, or on government security, at interest, in the name or names of any person or persons authorised and appointed by the said court of mayor and aldermen for that purpose, in trust, to transfer and assign the same to the person or persons to whom the premises belong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof, and in the mean time in trust, to pay the interest and dividends arising therefrom to such person or persons as was or were in possession of the said premises, at the time of the said payment into the bank.

persons vi. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all and tied to the every person or persons who would be entitled to recover the premises, may me^nc profits of the premises, against the person or persons in recover in re possession, in case the same had not been so conveyed to or verted rest by action in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, of debt, etc. shall be entitled to recover the sum or sums to arise from such interests and dividends as aforesaid, by atftion of debt, or otherwise, against the person or persons who shall receive the same; and the said court of mayor and aldermen are hereby empowered and authorised to make such order as aforesaid on the bank, for the payment of such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the same being so inverted in public securities: and the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, shall be quieted in the possession of the premises, for < which such money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable, in any court of law or equity, for the money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the purport and true meaning of this act. same covert

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any femc finfte'etc^o covert s or m fee*ample, or in tail, general or

have her pur special, of an such tolls, duties, lands or grounds, so to be purchase money chased as aforesaid, by the said mayor and commonalty, and paid to whom citizens, or of any interest in the same, to her separate use, free minatelin- the control or intermeddling of her husband, the purchase money, arising from the sale of such eft ate or interest of such same covert, on the conveyance of such estate or interest to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, shall be paid either to the husband of such same covert, at her request, or to such person or persons as (he shall, by writing under her hand, nominate to receive the same, in trust, to be re invested in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled for such use, estater and inrerect, as the said same covert had in the pre, rml'es so purchased by the said mayor and commonalty, and CI tizens.

monjy^n

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ctruin cases, That the principal, money arising from the hie of any tolls,

1?77.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c.is. S3S

duties, lands or grounds, which shall be purchased for any of^allbcdir. the purposes of this act, of or from anybody corporate or col p^e<i * legiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, guardians, committees, or other trustees, or from any same covert, shall be paid to such persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in trust, with all convenient speed then afterwards, to be re invested in the purchase of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the likd uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the tolls, duties, lands and grounds, which shall be purchased from them respectively, by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the time of such purchasing of the same, or so many thereof as at the time of making such conveyances and settlements shall be existing and capable of taking effect.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bargains and the conveyance of any such estate or interest, of any same covert, farce octo the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any person fiaet or co or persons in trust for them, by bargain and sale, acknowledged very.

by such same covert, and enrolled in the court of huftingsof the said city, according to the custom of the said city, within six calendar months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the estate and interest of such same covert in the premises, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof, in due form of law.

And further, that all bargains and Tales whatsoever, to be made of any such tolls, duties, lands and grounds, as shall be purchased by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, shall have the force, effect, and operation in law, to all intents and purposes, which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have, if levied or suffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seized of any estate in the premises, in trust for, or to the use of fuel) bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Person infe

all and every person and persons whosoever, having any right,

title, interest, use, property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whe entcj.a njcmo. there in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, or other rial of their wise, in, to, or out of, any tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, right within which by virtue of this act shall he purchased by and conveyed, hvc cas

or mentioned or intended to be conveyed, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the inrolment of such bargain and sale, enter a memorial of such their ri; ht, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept in a book to by the town clerk or the said city of Lowhn^ or the clerk of the b prepared peace for the county respectively; which book the said town ^hc^wn* clerk, and clerk of the peace respectively, are hereby iequiredcv'r, CC to prepare and keep accordingly; and for which entry they shall be entitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the county.

cf

such right.

Persons To barred may bring action f

money.

336 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

of Middlesex is by law.intitled to, for the registry of a memorial or be for ever containing the same number of words; and all and every person barred of all, or persons whosoever, not entering such right, claim, and demand, within such tidoe, and in such manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their right, claim, or demand, with effect, within the space of five years, to be computed from the time of such entry, shall be for ever barred of all right, title, use, equity, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expcdlaney, or otherwise, in, to, or upon, or out of the said premises, and every part thereof; and the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the possession of such premises, any law, Statute, usage, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons, barred of any right, title, estate, interest, claim, or demand whatsoever, in, of!deb?gainftto* orout f^tos duties, lands and grounds, by virtue the receiver of this a, shall be at liberty to bring any action or actions of the purchase debt, for money had and received to his or their use, against any person or persons, or the legal representative of any person or persons, who received the purchase money arising from such sale of the said tolls, duties, lands, or grounds aforesaid; and that in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said premises, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premises which they would have been entitled to recover, in case this act had not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, who shall have any mortgage or mortgages on such tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, not being in possession thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, shall, on the tender of the principal money, and interest due thereon, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign and transfer such mortgage and mortgages to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to such person or persons, as they shall appoint, in trust for them; and in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have notice in writing, from the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, that they will pay off and discharge the principal and interest which shall be due on the said mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of six calendar months, to be computed from such notice given; and at the end of the said six calendar months, in case payment, or a legal tender shall be made of the principal and iqterest so due, and such mortgagee or mortgagees, or those claiming under, or in trust for him, her, or them, shall refuse or neglect effectually to convey and assign his, her, or their

Mortgagees, on tender ot' principal and luterest, to convey, etc.

On refusal, after six months notice, interest to ccafc.

337

1777 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c.i8.

their interest in the premises, to the said mayor and common'and citizens, or such person or persons as they shall appoint, in trust for them, that then immediately after such payment or tender made, all interest on every such mortgage shall cease and determine,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the On payment principal money and interest, due on any mortgage, as aforesaid, ones uito* into the bank, at the end of six calendar months from such no th^bank, pre tice as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the mises to vat. cahier or cashiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts for in the city, the said money, in like manner as is herein before directed in cases

of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, of the said mortgagee or mortgagees, and of every person or persons in trust for, or claiming under, him, her, or them, shall vest in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual possession of the premises comprised in such mortgage or mortgages, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Expencet of That in all cases where any verdict as aforesaid shall be given i*ne* howto for a greater sum than shall have been offered by or on the be b.c. dcfrayed half of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of

London, or in case no such offer shall have been made before the summoning of any such jury, that then all the expenses of summoning such jury, and the witnesses, and of taking such inquest,

shall be paid by the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London: but if any such verdict shall be given for no more, or for a less sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the behalf of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London, then, and in every such case, such expenses shall be defrayed by the owners of, or the persons interested in such tolls, duties, lands, or grounds in question; and such expenses shall be deducted and taken out of the moneys to be affected and adjudged, and such deduction shall be deemed and taken as payment of so much thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Fines on (he*the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as afore ^nl^eftin said, respectively, shall have power, from time to time, to im theirjuty: * pose any reasonable fine, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds,

on such sheriff or sheriffs, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents, respectively, making default in the premises; and on any of the oersons who shall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries, who shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury or juries, or being so sworn shall not

Sive his or their verdict; and also on any person or persons who rail be summoned to give evidence touching any the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or who being sworn shall refuse to give his, her, or their evidence; also on any other person or persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his or their duty in the premises, contrary

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

Penalty on giving filje evidence.

The present toils and du ties to cease, when vclted in the mayor,

may be levied trary to the true intent and meaning of this ak: and from time by dill refs and to time to ievy such fine or fines, by order of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, respectively, by distress and sale t>f the offender's goods, together with the reasonable charges of every such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners.

XVI. And be it further enaefte^, That all and every person or persons, who, in any examination to he taken by virtue of this at, shall give false evidence before the said coort of mayor and aldermen, or before any justices of the pence, shall and may be prosecuted for the same; and upon conviction thereof, shall be subject to such punishments and disqualifications as any person or persons would be subject to for wilful and corrupt perjury, by any of the laws or Statutes of this realm.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That immediately after the said tolls and duties, and payments, so to be purchased, shall be respectively conveyed to, or otherwise vested in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, by virtue, or in pursuance of this act, the lame shall respectively cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any law, Statute, custom, or prescription, to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas, by reason of the purchases which the faii mayor and commonalty, and citizens, tyre hereby empowered to make, they may happen to be pffiffed offame piece or pieces of ground over and above what may be neessary for any of the purposes of this be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ard for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, to let, fell, or dispose of, any such piece or pieces of ground, either together or in pareels, as they shall think moult advantageous and convenient, to such person or persons as shall be willing to contract and agree for or purchase the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, in consideration of the great charges and expences the said br taken after mayor, aldermen, and commons, will be at in improving and May 1*1777. completing the said navigation, and for keeping the works in repair, and in purchasing the tolls and duties now collected and taken for barges and other vessels navigating, and for horses drawing such barges and vessels, within the limits herein before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and empower, from time to time, and at all times, from and after the first day of May now next ensuing, to take, demand, recover, and receive, or cause to be taken, demanded, recovered, and received, for all barges, and other vessels whatsoever, which shall be navigated upon the said river Thames, or any part thereof, between london brnge and the city stone above stains bridge, (except as herein after is mentiorfed) such sum and sums of money, in the nature of a tollor duty, tolls or duties, as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, upon

due

Common council ini powered to let, fell, etc. any ground not necessary for the pur pos of this act.

New tolls to

0

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 339

due consideration of the expenses of improving and completing the said navigation, and purchasing the tolls and duties now collected and taken for badges and other vessels navigating, and or horses drawing such barges and vessels, within the limits aforesaid, shall, from time to time, think proper, not exceeding the tolls and duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say,

For all barges and vessels navigated on the said river west yard of london bridge, to Strand on the Green or Brentford, one halfpenny per tonne; to lfeworth* ox Richmond, one penny per tonne; to Twickenham, or Teddington, one penny halfpenny rr tonne tq Kingiion, or Hampton Wick twopence per tonne; to Ditton,

hampton court 1 Moulsey*. or Hampton twopence halfpenny per tonne; to Suhbury* wa[ton* haw/ord* Shepperton, or Weybridge* threepence per tonne; to chert/ey* or Lalebam* threepence halfpenny per tonne; to Stains, and upwards, fourpence per tonne:

Which said tells and duties shall be paid to such person or per to whom the fons, at such place or places near to the said river Thames, in toll shall be fgeb manner, and under such regulations, as the said mayor, al paid dermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall from time to t'mie direct and appoint: and in case of denial or Method of neglect of payment of any such toll or duty, tolls or duties, or recovering any part or parts thereof, on demand, to such person or persons as aforesaid, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, may sue for the same by action of debtor upon the case, in the name of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, in any court of record; or the person or persons to whom the said tolls or duties ought to have been paid, may, and he and they is and are hereby im powered to seize and detain such barge or vessel, for or in re (jpect whereof any toll or duty, tolls or duties, ought to be paid, until payment thereof, together with reasonable charges for such seizure and detention; and if the same shall not be redeemed within four days after the taking thereof, the same may be appraised and sold, as the law directs in case of distress for relit.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au provisofor thority aforesaid, That if all the tolls and duties, now collected deducing the and taken for barges and other vessels'navigating, and for out of the new horses drawing such barges and vessels, within the limits herein to|j, t in case before mentioned, shall not cease and be determined by virtue thy shall fub or in pursuance of this at, before the said first day or May now f|ft fer rhc next ensuing, that then, and in such c^fe, all and every person and persons who, after the said first day of May now next enfu* ing, shall pay all or any of such tolls or duties for any barg^ or barges, or other vessel or vessels navigating, or for horses drawing such barge or barges, vessel or vessels, within the limits aforesaid, after the said first diy of May now next ensuing, or any of them, shall and may dedueft out of the tolls and duties to be made payable under, or by virtue of this atft, all such sum and sums of money, as he, (he, and they respectively shall pay for or

Owners of

vessels to put their names

marked.

Offenders to

forfeit 40 s. ach.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

in respect of the tolls and duties now collected and taken as aforesaid, or any of them; which sum and sums of money shall be accordingly allowed to such person and persons respectively, anything herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding' '

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every owner and owners of any barge or other vessel on the^utfides pan? 011 the ^aic* r, ver Thamts, between the limits aforesaid, thereof. shall, at his, her, or their own expense, cause his, her, or their name or names to be set in legible painted white capital letters, of the length of six inches, and the breadth of one inch, on each of the outsides of every such barge or other vessel, higher than the same (halt fink into the water when full loacted, and cause the same to be renewed or restored so often as the same shall be Vessel to t worn out or defaced in part, or in the whole; and shall also per measured andrnit and suffer every such barge or other vessel to be measured and gauged, and marked with the number of the tonnes of her burden, at the expense of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London, whenever it shall be required by them, or such person or persons as shall be appointed by them for that purpose; which number of tonnes so marked shall be accounted the tonnage of such barge or other vessel, and toll paid for it accordingly: and all and every such owner and owners as shall refuse or neglect to put his, her, or their name or names, on any such barge or other vessel, in manner aforesaid; or shall alter, deface, erase, or destroy, any letter, describing any such name or tonnage as aforesaid; or shall navigate, or cause or suffer to be navigated, upon the said river, within the limits aforesaid, any such barge or other vessel, not having the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, and tonnage, set thereon in legible painted white capital letters of the dimer.fions aforesaid, higher than the same shall fink into the water when full loacted; or shall refuse to have his, her, or their barge, or other vessel, measured, gauged, or marked, as aforesaid, he, (he, and they shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said mayor, commonalty, and citizens, or their assigns, the sum of which may be forty Shillings; which said forfeiture and forfeitures shall and levied by dismay recovered in a summary way, by information or complaint, to be upon oath made to the mayor or any of the aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, or to any one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, or the county of Surry, (which said oath they are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer) and be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the h&nd and seal of such mayor, alderman, or justice of the peace, and shall go and be applied in the manner following; (that is to say,) one moiety to the informer or informers, complainant or complainants; and the other moiety to and for such uses and purposes as the tolls and duties, by this act granted and made payable, arc herein after directed to be paid and applied.

treis.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. 341

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, al Power to dermen, and commons, in common council assembled, and they crest to11* are hereby authorised and empowered, to cause any toll houses sate*etc# and toll gates to be erec1ed, built, and made, upon the lands or grounds so to be purchased by them as aforesaid, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, for the purpose of collecting the tolls and duties to be made payable in pursuance of this act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing No toll gates in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to to be erected authorise or empower the said mayor and commonalty, and CI ^s!*111 tizens, to compel or oblige the owner or proprietor, owners or p proprietors, of any garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, or

planted avenue to any house, which hath been respectively. used as such six calendar months before the passing of this a, or the owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors, of any message or tenement, erected or built, or begun to be erc<sted or built, six calendar months before the passing of this a c1, to pull down, let, fell, or convey, such message, tenement, garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, or avenue, or any part thereof, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any other person or persons; nor shall anything in this act contained empower the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, to erecf any toll gate or toll house upon any garden, orchard, park, paddock, or planted avenue to any house, or upon any part of the lands or grounds lying between the garden of his grace the duke of Montague, situate at Richmond, and the road leading from the hamlet of Ham to Twickenham ferry; or upon a piece of ground granted by the crown to lord Cholmondely, and now in possession of the right honourable Georgiana countess dowager Cowper; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall Certain places not be lawful for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, or J, " rfesfoall any other person or persons, to make use of horses for towing of not be uied boats, barges, or other vessels, on the Surry side of the said river, for towing between his majesty's barge house, at Kew and the feite of his vc^eh majesty's ancient palace of Richmond, in the county of Surry;

nor upon the Middlesex side of the said river from the town of ijleworth, to the upper end of the land now in the occupation of the earl of Buckinghamshire, in the parish of Twickenham without leave of the respective proprietors of the land on the said Middlesex Me of the river; anything in this a, or in an act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas the King's most excellent majesty hath been graciously pleased for the conveniency of the inhabitants of Richmond and Kew, and the towns and villages adjacent, to cause a commodious public footwalk to be made along the side of the river from the late barfe ferry at Kew, to the feite of his Majesty's ancient palace of Richmond: and whereas there is also a commodious public foot walk

next

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

next the said river, extending the whole length of the cite of the same palace, part thereof which, if made use of as a towing path by

horses, would greatly injure the said foot walks % and render the same dangerous to pnjfengers walking thereon \ and as it may be of mare publick utility to have barges touted by horses rather than by men it is therefore also provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, Horses may That if the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, do make, or t^ne boats cau^c ta be mae, on the shore of the Surry side of the said river, etc froro Kew a proper towing path for horses, from his majesty's said barge t#gichmond, house at Kew, to a place called water lane, in Richmond aforesaid, ioney^tow (which towing path shall not be raised higher the whole extent bemfete he said foot walks than is absolutely necessary for horses to

m*tow thereon with safety in times of spring tides and land floods) and shall also effectually separate the said towing path by pods and rails, or in any other manner, so as to prevent horses from'going upon the said public foot walks; that then, and in such

case, it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor aldermen, ?nd commons, or any other person or persons navigating boats, barges, and other vessels, between the said barge house at Kew and water lane in Richmond, to make use of horses on such new towing path, for the purpose of towing such boats, barges, or other vessels, the said barge house at Kew and water lane in Richmond; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Mayor, a'der

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and men, etc. may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and comma/appoint m0ns, in common council assembled, at any time or times, to cr^e&ors of nonluiate an appoint such person or persons to be receive! or tolis; receivers, collector or collectors, of the said tolls and duties granted or made payable by this act, as they shall think fit, and from time to time to remove and displace such receiver and receivers, collector and collectors, and to appoint others, as they shall think proper; and all persons by this act liable to pay the said tolls and duties, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the same to such receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, as mho shall pay aforesaid; all such receivers and collectors shall respectively the iaroe into pay the same into the office of the chamberlain of the said city, lain'0*'officean^ shall a*so* upon oath, if thereunto required by the said court and account mayor and aldermen (which oath the same court are hereby to the court of empowered to administer) from time to time give in a true, ex aldermen. act, and perfedk account, in writing, under their respective hands, of all moneys which they, and every or ny of them, shall to such time have received, paid, and ddbursed, by virtue of this act for by reason or in consequence of their respective On refuel to offices? for which oath no see or reward shall be taken: and in account, etc. cjjre any fuc]1 receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said tolis and duties, or any of them, shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon oath any such account, or to make Justices torn payment as aforesaid, then, or in any of such cases, it shall be default1110 ltoc'^aw^ r9 or fr the mayor of the said city, or one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said city of London or for the said

*43

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18.

said county of Middlesex, or for the said county of Surry, or any other county, city, or place, as the case shall happen, and such mayor, justice or justices, upon complaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorised and required to make inquiry concerning such default, as well by confession of the party, as by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath,

(which oath Rich mayor, justice or justices, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without fee or reward;,) and if any such receiver or collector shall be convicted of any of the offences aforesaid, such mayor, justice or justices, shall commit every such offender to his majesty's gaol of Newgate, or to and commit the common gaol of any county, city, or place, where such of the offenders fender shall be apprehended, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall give or make a true andperfedfc on^made.* account and payment as aforesaid, or until he or they shall have compounded for the same with the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, and paid such composition in such manner as they shall appoint; which composition the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby empowered to make and receive, from time to time, if they shall so think fit, in fuss satisfaction for all money that shall be then due from such person or persons on the said account.

XXVII. Provided always, That no toll orduty, tolls orduties, Exemptions, shall be paid or payable to, or demanded by, the mayor, aldermen,

and commons, of the city of London, or their collector or col leor&, by virtue of this act, for any boat or vessel under the burden of three tonnes, or for any pleasure boat; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore All moneys said. That all the moneys made payable by, or to be recovered raffed by vir or received under or by virtue of this act, (except the share and vetted in shares of any informer or informers, complainant or complain the'mayor and ants, of and in any penalty or penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures, commonalty, inflicted or made payable by this as) shall be, and the same are and citizens, hereby vested in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens,

of the said city, and shall be applied to and for the purposes of this act, and the purposes of the said aeft made and passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or fume or one of them; and an account of the said tolls and duties granted by this act, be annually laid before parliament.

XXIX. And forasmuch as the money to be collected by the receipt Common of the tolls or duties to be made payable by virtue or in pursuance

this at, will not be sufficient for the purpost of this at!, and of the 9

said at made and passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre 15, 0001. sent Majesty, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to borrow and take up at interest, any sum or sums of money qot exceeding

244

and to assign the tolls as a (ccuriiy.

Twenty dsy* notice to be given of borrowing money.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

fifteen thousand pounds, upon the credit of the tolls and duties to be made payable in pursuance of this act; and by any writing or writings, under the common seal of the city of London, to assign the toll houses and toll gates, to beereded as aforesaid, and the tolls and duties to be made payable by virtue or in pursuance of this act, or any of them, or any part or farts thereof, to any such person or persons as shall advance or lend such money thereon, as a security or securities for the sum or sums of money so borrowed, with interest, not exceeding legal interest, for the same; which interest shall be payable and paid half yearly, by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the moneys to arise by or from the said tolls and duties, or any other money which shall be recovered or received under or by virtue of this act, and paid into the office of the said chamberlain.

XXX. Provided always, That no money shall be borrowed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, on the credit of any of the said tolls or duties, or premises, as aforesaid, unless notice be for that purpose given in the London Gazette, and also fixed in writing, under the hand of such person or persons as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, or by any committee to be by them appointed, shall dire, at or upon all the toll houses and toll gates then erected or made, by virtue of this act, at least twenty days before the borrowing of such money.

__________

XXXI. And whereas many persons may choose to advance mentj

be granted a C for the purchasefif annuities, to be secured upon, and payable out oftkt cording to the said toils and duties; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the office of the chamberlain of the city of tendon, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, for the nat, J life or lives of such person or persons, being of the age o >rty five years or upwards, as shall be nominated by or on behalf of such purchaser or purchasers respectively, at the respective times of payment of their respective purchase moneys; which hnuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum \ or for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, for the natural life or lives of such person or persons, being of the age of sixty years or upwards, as shall be so nominated; which last annuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of tea tol. percent, pounds per centum per annum; all which annuities so to be purchased, shall be payable and paid by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the moneys to arise by or from the said tolls or duties, granted and made payable by this act, by four equal quarterly payments in the year, the first payment to be made to the respective purchasers, or their assigns, at the expiration of the first quarter after payment of their respective purchase moneys: and that the rates of such annuities'respectively shall be settled and adjusted by public sale of such annuities,

o by

Annuities to

age of the annuitants

Si. percent.

*45

by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or by any committee by them to be appointed, to the best bidders for the same.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Whmantim* That when and as often as any of the persons, for whose life or tantsdie.

Jives any annuity or annuities shall or may be purchased by vir council may tuc of or under this act, shall happen to die, it shall and may be grant other lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, ofanuuuks. the city of London, in common council assembled, or any committee by them to be appointed, to sell and grant one or more

annuity or annuities for the life or lives of any other nominee or nominees, upon the terms aforesaid, so that the whole amount of moneys paid for the purchase of such annuities then actually existing do not exceed the sum of fifteen thousand pounds; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Provided always, That the whole money to be borrowed under, or by virtue of this act, either by annuities or loan, shall not exceed the sum of fifteen thousand pounds.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the clerk cl.erfc ofcom for the time being of such commitfbe or committees, as shall be ^altrjcurj1" appointed as herein after is mentioned, shall enter in a book or tjc8fqi moniet books, to be for that purpose provided and kept by the clerk of borrowed or the said committee or committees, all securities for moneys bor annuities rowed, or annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this sranuti*

act, and all assignments and transfers thereof; expressing in words at length the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other defqriptions, of all such persons as shall, from time to time, be entitled to such securities, and the sums received upon such securities; and also the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of the persons for whose lives the said annuities shall be respectively granted, and the days whereon the said annuities respectively shall be payable; to which book and books,' e person and persons entitled to, or interested in such annuitii. shall at all seasonable times in the daytime have access, with free liberty to inspect the same, without fee or reward.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Annuities said. That all and every of the annuities, so to be purchased cnargrd ou under or by virtue of this act, shall be, and are hereby charged the lol* upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the tolls and duties granted or made payable by virtue or in pursuance of this act; and all and every the purchaser and purchasers of such annuities, duly paying the consideration or purchase money for the same as aforesaid, or such person or persons as he,

(he, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective assignee or assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intituled, by virtue of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the said respective annuity or annuities, during the term of the natural life or lives of the person or persons to be nominated by each such purchaser and purchasers respectively, as before mentioned; and thvt all and every such purchaser and purchasers, and their assigns respec

B b 2 lively.

2^6'

and not liable to any tax.

Securities may be transferred.

Common

council im powered to appoint committees.

No member of the committee to hold any place of profit, etc.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the

Quarter fef ons.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 18. [1777.

tively, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible eftajesand interestsin the annuities so by them respectivelypurchased, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and that none of the said annuities shall be subject or liable to any tax assessed upon land, by authority of parliament, or to any other parliamentary or parochial tax whatsoever.

xxicv. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, entitled to any of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, and their executors, administrators, or assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands respectively, to assign or transfer such securities, by indorsement thereon, or otherwise, to any person or persons whomsoever, and so toties quoties; and such assignments or transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the clerk of the said committee or committees, in manner aforesaid, for every which entry the said clerk shall be paid the sum of two Shillings and sixpence, and no more, shall entitle the person or persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, from time to time, to appoint one or more committee or committees, to manage and transact all or any of the matters or purposes which they the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby authorised or required to do, execute, or perform; which committee or committees; so to be appointed, shall have such powers and authorities as shall from time to time be given or delegated to them respectively, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, who are hereby accordingly authorised and empowered to delegate all or any of such powers and authorities.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be eligible or capable of acting as a member of such committee, during such time as he shall have or execute any office or place of profit by or under the authority of this act, or during such time as he shall have any share or interest in any contract or agreement for effecting any of the purposes of this act.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any orders or proceedings of any justice or justices of the peace, which shall be made or had under this act, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace, to be held for the said city of London, or the said county of Middlesex, or the said county of Surry, as the case may be; and the justices, at such said general quarter sessions, afe hereby required to hear and finally determine every such appeal and appeals, and shall

award

247

award to the party or parties for whom such appeal shall be determined, such costs as to them in their discretion shall seem reasonable, and shall raise and levy, by their order or warrants, such costs as shall be awarded, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any person or persons who shall be ordered to pay the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no order which shall be made by any justice or ju Proceedings dices, by virtue of or under this act, or any other proceedings not to be to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offender quashed for or offenders against this act, shall be quashed or vacated for oi totva* want of form only, or be removed or removable by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

XL. Provided also, nd be it further enacted, That no contrast, agreement, alignment, entry, copy, or proceeding, by Writings may this act directed or authorised to be executed, made or given, J w, thenit shall be charged or chargeable, or subject or liable to any duty^whatsoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all costs, charges, and expenses of passing this act, and all other charges incident to the Expences of obtaining thereof, shall be born, paid, and defrayed, out oftbisaftbow the first moneys to arise by virtue of this act. to* V

XLII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced, against any Limitation of person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premises, or any of them, every such action or suit shall be laid or brought within six calendar months next after the fast done, and shall be laid or brought in the city of London, or the county where the matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matters iri evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same General issue, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been fodone, or if any such action or suit shall not be brought within the time before limited, or shall be brought in any other city, county, or place, than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if, a verdictshall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the said defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or de Treble costs. fendants hath or have for costs in other cases by law.

[Publick act.]

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever without specially pleading the same.

*43 Anno decimo feptiow Georgii II. c. 19  21. [1777.

CAP. XIX.

An act the more easy ard speedy recovery of ftoall debts within tb panqi of Old Swintord, in the counties of Worcester and Stafford.

CAP. XX.

An act for continuing two acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of King Georg? the first, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his iate Majesty, fur laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Iterling, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or fom within the town of Burntisland, and liberties thereof, for increasing ths publick revenue of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the better support of kit majesty's Household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown cf Great Britain.

May it please your mtjl excellent Majesty \

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the first year of your Majesty 5 reign, intituled An act for the support recited 3* household, and of the honour and dignity of the

crown of Great Britain,) it was enabled, (among other things,) That there should be granted and continued to your Majesty, and ij/uing and payable out of the fund called the aggregate fund, during your majesty s life, the clear yearly relit or sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thousand pounds, during the continuance of the several annuities therein mentioned and immediately from and after the determination of one or more of the said annuities, suck clear yearly sum, over and above, and in addition to, the said yearly relit or sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thousand pounds, as the annuity or annuities so deter tnined Jlxill have amounted to; and in case of the determination of all the said annuities, then, and immediately from thenceforth, the clear yearly relit or furrt of eight hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and p+id out of the J'aid fund, for the support of his Majesty's houshold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, from the twenty-fifth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in manner therein particularly mentioned, as by the said ail, relation being the reunto had,

_ pay more fully appear: and whereas the revenue to which your Mo jejiy is ini it led by virtue of the said ail, hath been found inadequate to, and infuffeient for the purposes for which it was granted, and it is therefore jujf and expedient that a more competent provision should bt yiadejor the better support of your Majesty's houshold, and of the h hour and dignity of the crown \ we your majesty's mejl dutiful end loyal subjects, the commons cf Great Britain, in parliament assemkled, with hearts full of the warmejl duty and gratitude for the inejlim&bk blcjjtngs which yourfubjt Us do enjoy under your Majesty's most aufpuim government, do pray your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice nd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, nd by the autho. From January rity or the same, That there be granted to his Majesty, during 5>1777*his life, (which God long preserve) over anfl besides the yearly '. ... jertt

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 21. 249

relit or rents, or sum or sums of money in and by the aforesaid additional aft granted to his Majesty, the further revenue or yearly relit of annumkram one hundred thousand pounds, to commence from and after the to^ma fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jesty during seven; that the said yearly relit or sum shall be, and is hereby his life j charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time payable out of out of the hereditary and temporary revenues, and any other the aggregate the duties and revenues which do or shall compose the said fund,un'commonly called the aggregatefundy or any of them, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as have been directed, by any former act or, acts of parliament, to be paid out of the same;,) but with preference to all other paymepts which shall or may be hereafter charged upon, or payable out of the said fund.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the The first pay. fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, ment to hi there be issued and paid to his Majesty, out of the duties and to

revenues composing the said fund, the sum of fifty thousand 1J7?.J s pounds, being so much of the yearly relit or sum hereby granted as will then have accrued and become due and payable from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy after which seven; and that from and after the said fifth day of July, one to be paid thousand seven hundred and feveoty seven, the said additional quarterly, etc. yearly relit or fumt>f one hundred thousand pounds shall grow due and be payable to his Majesty at the same time, and in the same manner, and together with the yearly relit or sum granted by the aforesaid a&of the first year of Jiis majesty's reign, quarterly, at the four most usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October, and the fifth day of January, by even and equal portions, out of the moneys of the said aggregate fund, the first quarterly payment thereof to be made on the tenth day of Octobery one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven: the of of his majesty's* treasury, or any three or more of them, and the high treasurer, chancellor and under treasurer of the exchequer, for the time being, and all other the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, shall and may, and they are hereby respectively authored and required to do all such acts, matters, and things, in I

order to render this aeft, and the several payments hereby directed, effectual, as are in and by the said recited at authorised, required, or directed to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, concerning the several payments thereby dristed, in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the several provisoes, clauses, matters and things, concerning the j

paying, issuing, or applying such yearly rents or sums as are therein mentioned, were ln this behalf partictilarly repeated and

re enacted. 1 ',

250 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 22  2 [1777.

CAP. XXII.

An act for opening communications between wapping street and ratcliff highway, and between Old Gravel lane and virgmia street; and for paving certain streets intended to be built, and also certain other streets and public passages and places within the parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping in the county of/ Middlesex.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for lighting and watching the turnpike road leading from the (tones end next Blackman street, in the pan(h of Saint Mary, Newington, in the county of Surrey, to the bridge at Walworth in the same parish, and the several roads, ways, and places, therein described, communicating therewith.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for expediting the falej>f estates in Scotland belonging to the York buildings company, for the relief of their creditors.

CAP. XXV.

An act for widening, cleaning, and lighting, the several streets, lanes, alleys, ways, and other public passages, within the town of Wolver, bampton, in the county of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding certain buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other nuisances, and incroachments, and for regulating carts and other carriages within the said town.

CAP. XXVI.

filjl WAN ail for registering the grants of life annuities; and for the better

protection of infants against such grants.

[Preamble.]

7 'fi&rar]

WHEREAS the pernicious practice of raising money by the fate of life annuities bath of late years greatly increased, and )ted by the secrecy with which such transactions are con

is much promoici

ducled \ be it therefore enacted by the kingv most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cgnfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a memorial of every deed, bond, instrument, or other assurance, whereby any annuity or relit charge shall, from and after the passing of this wzntmziik a<^' 8rantec* fr one or more life or lives, or for any term of annuities, years or greater qftate determinable on one or more life or lives, shall, within shall, within twenty days of the execution of such deed, bond, the instrument or other assurance, be enrolled in the high court of chancery; and that every such memorial shall contain the day of the month, and the year when the deed, bond, instrument, or other assurance, bears date, and the name of all the parties, and for whom any of them are trustees, and of all the witnesses; and shall set forth the annual sum or sums to be paid, and the name of the person or persons for whose life or lives the; parties, annuity is granted, and the consideration or considerations of wes, C granting the fameotherwise every such deed, bond, instrument, rv^uc^dee^ or ot^er assurance, shall be null and void to all Intents and bond, etc shall purposes.

be void.

II. And be it further enacted, That before any judgement

A memorial of all deeds,

execution thereof, be enrolled in the court of chancery; which shall contain the date, names of the witnel

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 2 6. 251

shall be intered of record upon any warrant of attorney for re Before judgecovering or securing the payment of any annuity or relit charge that hath already been granted for one or more life or Jives, orcord upon any for any term of years or greater estate determinable upon one warrant of or more life or lives, and before any execution shall be sued out, attorney for oration brought on any such judgement already entered, or on recover, n any deed, bond, instrument, or other assurance already executed aiready"grant' for the purposes aforesaid, a like memorial of the deed, bond, in ed, and before strument, or other assurance, shall be enrolled in the high court of execution chancery; and in case the party shall neglect to inrol the same, ftall b.c. any such judgement, execution, or proceeding in the action re any judge spectively, shall be null and void. ment already

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai entered, etc. in every deed, instrument, or other assurance, whereby any an^nuity or relit charge shall, from and after the passing of this act, jed as af"rc/ be granted, or attempted to be granted, the consideration really raid, and bona fide (which shall be in money only) and also the name All future or names of the person or persons by whom, and on whose be deeds for half, the said consideration, or any part thereof, shall be advanc fnnuvhcs^ali ed, shall be fully and truly set forth and described in words at contain the length; and in case the same shall not be fully and truly set forth consideration, and described, every such deed, instrument, or other assurance, and thename* shall be null and void to all intents and purposes. ?n

JV. And be it further enacted, That if any part of the confi iength. deration shall be returned to the person advancing the same; or If any part of in case the consideration, or any part of it, is paid in notes, if thecmfidera any of the notes, with the privity and consent of the person ad ^" read^same, shall not be paid when due, or shall be can any notes'shall ceiled or destroyed without being first paid; or if the consideration, not be paid or any part of it, is paid in goods; or if any part of the confide when due, etc. ration is retained on pretence of answering the future payments of the annuity, or any other pretence; in all and every of the aforesaid cases, it shall and may be lawful for the person, by whom the annuity or relit charge is made payable, to apply to the court, in which any action is brought for payment of the annuity on judgement entered, by motion, to stay proceedings on the judgement or action; and if it shall appear to the court court mar that such practises as aforesaid, or any of them, have been used, it shall and may be lawful for the court to order the deed, bond, jcd> gtc< instrument, or other assurance, to be cancelled, and the judgement, if any has been entered, to be vacated. '

V. And be it further enacted, That a particular roll shall be Direction reprovided and kept by the clerks of the inrollments in chancery, !atinsto the or their deputy, on which such memorials shall be entered, and memorials that every such memorial shall be duly enrolled in order of time, as the same shall be brought to the office; and the said clerks of the inrollments, or their deputy, shall specify upon the roll the certain day, hour, and.time, on which such memorial is brought to the office, and shall grant a certificate of the inroll ment thereof when required; and that there shall be paid for the The mrollment of every such memorial the sum of one shilling, and sees.

Ut, V no

$2

All contract for the purchase ot annuities with any person tinder 21 years of age, to be vo d.

Any person wh^shall procure or fulitit any minor to grant an annuity, etc.

shall be on mshed by fine or imprison mtnvetc.'

Solicitors, fieri vener, ftc. who shall take more than.

10 s. per 100l. for proruiing money for annuities.

shall be pu niihcd by fine and irfpiilon ment, etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 26. [1777.

no more, in case the same do not exceed two hundred words; but if such memorial shall exceed two hundred words, then after the rate and proportion of sixpence for every one hundred words, and the like fees for every certificate and copy given; and the see of one shilling for every feareh in the office, and no more.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all contra&sfor the purchase of any annuity with any person being under the age of twenty-one years, shall be and remain utterly void, any attempt to confirm the same, after such perfop shall have attained the age of twenty-one years, notwithstanding: and that if any person shall, either in person, by letter agent, or otherwise howsoever, procure, engage, solicitor ask any person, being under the age of twenty-one years, to grant or attempt to grant any annuity or relit charge, or to execute any bond, deed, or other mstrument, for fearing the same; or shall advance or procure, or treat for any money to be advanced to any person under the age of twenty-one years, upon consideration of any annuity or relit charge to be secured or granted by such infant, after he or she shall have attained his or her age of twenty one years; or shall induce, solicitor procure any infant, upon any treaty or transaction for money advanced, or to be advanced, to make oath, or to give his or her word of honour or solemn promise, that he or she will not plead infancy, or make any other defence against the demand of any such annuity or relit charge, or the repayment of the money advanced to him or her when underage; or that when he or she comes of age, he or she will confirm or ratify, orin any way substantiate such annuity or relit charge; every such person shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any court of assize, oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, shall and may be punished for the said offence by fine, imprisonment, or other corporal punishment, as the court shall think fit to award.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That al! and every solicitors anjl solicitor, feriveners and ferrvener, brokers and broker, and other persons or person, who, from and after the passing of this act, shall ask, demand, accept, or receive, dirediy or indirectly, any sum or fiims of money, or any other kind of gratuity or reward, for the soliciting or procuring the loan, and for the brokerage of any money that shall be actually and bona fide advanced and paid as and for the price or consideration of any Inch annuity or relit charge, over and above the sum of ten Shillings for every one hundred pounds so actually and bona fide advanced and paid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour; being lawfully convicted of such offence in any court of assize, oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, shall and may, for every such offence, be punished by fine and imprisonment, or one of them, at the discretion of the court; and that the person or persons who shall have paid or given any sum or sums of money, gratuity or reward, shall be deemed a competent witness or witnesses to prove the same.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 27. 253

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act Certain cases contained shall extend to any annuity or relit charge given by th, s

will or by marriage settlement, or for the advancement of a extend. nt child; nor to any annuity or relit charge secured upon lands of equal qt greater annual value, whereof the grantor was seized in fee simple or in fee tail in possession at the time of the grant, or secured by the actual transfer of flock in any of the publick funds, the dividends whereof are of equal or greater annual value than the said annuity; qqrtoany voluntary annuity granted without regard to pecuniary cpnsideration; nor to any annuity or relit charge granted by anybody corporate, or under any authority or^rust created by act of parliament; nor to any annuity where the mm to be paid does not exceed ten pounds annually, unless there be more than one such last mentioned annuity from the same grail for or grantors, to or in trufl for the same person or persons.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for diming a drawback of the duties of customs on the exportation of tea to Ireland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the drawback allowed by an act of parliament,

made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

(entitled. An act for granting a drawback of part of the customs Act 11 Geo. 3. upon the exportation of tea to Ireland, and the British dominions recited. in America; for altering the drawback upon foreign sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the bounty on the exportation of british made cordage; for allowing the importation of rice from the British plantations into the ports of Bristol, Liverpoole % Lancaster, and Tfrhitehaven % for immediate exportation to foreign parts; and to impoyver the chief magistrate of any corporation to administer the oath, and grant the certificate required by law, upon the removal of certain goods to London, which have been sent into the country for sale)) the importation of tea into Ireland from this kingdom, will cease on '

ihe fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven: and whereas it may tend to promote and encourage the importation of tea into Ireland from this kingdom, if the whole of the duties of cu fioms, payable upon the importation of teas, were to be allowed to be drawn back upon all teas sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which shall be exported to Ireland after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and froenty seven \ it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiem bled, and by the authority of the fatne. That there shall be drawn A drawback back and allowed for all teas sold at the publick sales of the to hf awed united company of merchants of England trading to the East dut^fofhcur indies, or which shall be imported, by licence, in pursuance of toms on tea, an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty on the exporting George the second, (entitled, An act for repealing thb present sat, on thereof

u 7.77* JTX  - 67, 0 I'3 slo

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 28.

c*777 inland duty of four shillings per pound weight upon all tea sold in Great Britain; and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof j and for better securing the duty upon tea and other duties of exetfe; and jor pursuing offenders out of one county into another) which shall at any time from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, be exported From this kingdom as merchandise to Ireland, the whole of the duties of customs payable upon the importation of such teas; which drawback or allowance shall be made to the exporter, in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, and securities, and subject to the Jilfe penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in and by the said recited at of the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and in and by an at, made in the four teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for granting further time to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to sale the finglo and hohea teas remaining in their warehouses unfold, on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred andfiventy four and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of such teas;,) and in and by an act made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muslins and calicoes, imported by the east-india company in the years one thousand seven hundred and seven ty three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy fouryfor allowing further time to the said company to expose to sale such bohea and finglo teas and coffee as remain unsold on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fx; and also such bohea teas os shall be imported on or before a certain time; and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of such teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the ship Shrewsbury, in the year one thousand seven hundred and frventy tkree \) or by any other act of parliament now in force, so far as the same respectively concern the exportation of tea to Ireland, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses relating the retp were again repeated and re enacted in this present at.

CAP. XXVI(L

An act to revive and continue such part of an act, made in the lost session of parliament, intituled An act for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his Majesty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles; as expired on thefirstdayof]za\xivjy one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 29. 255

WHEREAS by an amae tn session of parliament, Preamble;

entitled, An act for allowing the exportation of certain ^ting an quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar facft fe(fl0, of colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to parliament, the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his majesty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles; liberty was given to export, at any time or times before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, certain quantities of wheats and other articles, from certain ports in this kingdom, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, /cr the fufenance and use of the inhabitants of the said colonies; and also to export, from certain ports in this kingdom, certain quantities of biscuit and peas to the island of Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador, for the benefit of the British fishery carried on in those parts: and whereas it is expedient that the like liberty should be granted and continued for a further time: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 'That such part of Such part of the Lid recited act as expired on the said first day of January, the above one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall, from and ada after the passing of this act, be revived, and the same is hereby here^yreviv revived, and shall continue in full force and virtue until the ed, and con twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and tinued until cventy eight. March5,

CAP. XXIX778'

An act for the more effectual prevention of the manufacturing of ash, elder, sloe, and other leaves, in imitation of tea, and to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise in respebi to tea.

WHEREAS by an abl of parliament, made in the fourth year

[Preamble.]

of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, intituled An act to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise with & Q |# respect to (larch, coffee, tea, and chocolate) it is enabled, That, rccjttd. from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, if any person or persons who should be a dealer in or seller of tea should dye, fabricate, or manufacture any sloe lelives, liquorish leaves, or the leaves of tea that had been used, or the leaves of any other tree, Jhrub, or plant, in imitation. of tea, or should mix, colour, Jlain, or dye, such leaves or tea, with terra japonica, sugar, molasses, clay, logwood, or with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever \ should sell and vend, utter, or offer or expose to sale, or should have in his, her, or their custody, any such dyed, fabricated, or manufactured leaves, in imitation of tea, or any such coloured, jlained, or dyed leaves, or tea mixed with any of the materials before mentioned, or with any other ingredients whatsoever, such

o person

256 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1777.

person or perform should respectively, for every pound of fitch leaves so dyed, fabricated ormanufactured in imitation of tea, and for every pound of such mixed, coloured, Jlained, er leaves or tea, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds: and whereas great quantities of sloe leaves, and leaves of ash, 'elder, and other trees, Jhrubs, and plants, dyed, fabricated, and manufacture! in imitation of tea, diverse persons who fell the same so dyed, fabricated, and manufactured) to other persons being dealers in tea, smuggkn, and others, by whom the aid manufactured leaves are mixed with tea, and sold and vended as true and real tea, but by reafen that the persons so dy ing, fabricate ing, and manufacturing the fold leaves, are not dealers in, or sellers of tea, they are not punishable for thefaii offences by the laws noxv in being, whereby such evil practises are increased to a very great degree, to the injuty anddejlruction of great quantities of timber, woods, and undenvoods, the prejudice of the health of his Majesty's subjects, that diminution of the revenue, the ruin of the fair trader, and to the encouragement of idllness; for remedy whereof, and for the more efftclual prevention of such frauds and abuses for the future, be it enacted; and it is hereby enabled by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem any person bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after who, after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sevenry, 777> kven>^any person or persons whatsoever, whether he, she, or manufacture a dea*er or dealers in or a seller or sellers of tea, gr not,

in imitation*(Viall dye, fabricate, or manufacture, any sloe leaves, liquorish of tea, any leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been used, or the leaves of fa any ah, elder, or other tree, shrub, or plant, in imitation of ufedorany*11 tca* or m, X clur> stain, or dye, any such leaves with sloe, 'liquorish, terra japonica, copperas, sugar, molasses, clay, logwood, or with or elder any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, or shall sell or leaves, etc. vend, utter, or offer or expose to sale, or shall have in his, her, offer to (>11* r or !*leir custody or possession, any such dyed, fabricated, or the same, etc. manufactured leaves in imitation of tea, or any such coloured, stained, or dyed leaves, or any leaves that (hoyld be dying, fabrieating, or manufacturing in imitation of tea, and shall be shall, on con thereof convicted upon the oaih of one or more credible witness vicvion, forfeit or witnesses, before any one or more of his majesty's justices of owned of such Peace or county, city, riding, division, district, or place, leavesfodyed, wherein such offence shall have been committed; such person or etc. X*persons shall respectively, for every pound of such leaves so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured in imitation of tea, or dying, fabrieating, or manufacturing in imitation of tea, and for every pound of such mixed, stained, or dyed leaves of tea, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and upon nonpayment thereof, such justice or justice's shall commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprise for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than six months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid, persons hav And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar,

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 29. 257

from and after; the said first day of June, one thousand seven wore than - hundred and seventy seven, if any person or persons shall have fnpfj^8 in his, her, or their custody or possession, any quantity exceed feaves* in their ing six pounds weight) of fioe leaves, or the leaves of alb, elder, pdirdfion: of any other tree, shrub, or plant, green or manufactured, and shall not prove, to the satisfaction of the justice or justices be except, etc. fore whom the matter shall be heard, that such leaves were ga*with the consent of the owners of the trees, shrubs, or plants, from which the said leaves were taken, and that such leaves were gathered for some other use or uses, and not for the j>urpose of fabricating and manufacturing the same in imitation of tea, and shall be thereof convicted, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, district, or place, where such leaves shall be so found, such person or persons shall respectively, for every pound of such green or manufactured leaves, so found in his, her, or their custody or possession, as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and upon nonpayment thereof such justice or justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than six months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any officer That if any officer or officers of his majesty, revenue of excise, f excise, etc. or other person or persons, shall have cause to suspecfc that any fore such leaves dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or leaves dying, a justice that fabrieating, or manufacturing, in imitation of tea, or leaves in he suspects tended so to be dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, shall be hid, anyuch concealed, or lodged, in any place whatsoever; then and in such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person cealed, such" or persons, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace justice may for the county, city, riding, division, district, or place, where the grant a Special same shall be so suspected to be hid, concealed, or lodged, set

ting forth the ground of such his, her, or their suspicion, it shall pace iiisearch and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices of the of the same, peace respectively, before whom such affidavit or affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant or warrants under his or their respective hand and seal or hands and seals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, or other person or persons, by day or by night, but if in the nighttime, then in the presence of a constable, of other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places, where he or they shall so suspect the said dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or other the said leaves shall be so hid concealed, or lodged, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such leaves so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or dying, fabrieating, or manufacturing, or intended to be so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, which he or they shall so find hid, concealed, or lodged, together with all and Angular the wagons,

carts,

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1777.

All such leaves so found, to be

Penalty on persons ob struting officers in

carts, boxes, bags, tubs, or tether vessels, or package, containing the lame: and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices so granting the said warrantj or any other destroyed, etcju*ce or justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division*or place, wherein such seizure shall be made, on proof of the premises, by oath of one or more credible witness or9witnesses, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand or seal, hands or seals respectively, to order the said dyed, fabricated, or other leaves, so seized as aforesaid, to be conveyed to some convenient place, and there to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, and to order the said wagons, carts, boxes, bags, tubs, or other vessels or package, containing the same as aforesaid, to be forthwith sold, and the money arihng by such sale, after deducing the charges of such seizure and la*e, and of the burning, or otherwise destroying of the said leaves, to go and be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed: and if any person or persons whatsoever shall let, obstruct, or hinder, such officer or officers, or other person or persons having such authority as search of such aforesaid, from entering such places where he or they shall fuf leaves, etc. pedt such leaves to be lo hid, concealed, or lodged, or in seizing, carrying away, burning, or otherwise destroying the same, or in seizing, carrying away, or selling, the said. carts, wagons, boxes, bags, tubs, or other vessels or package, containing the same as aforesaid, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds each, on conviction thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, district, or place, where such offence shall be committed; and upon nonpayment of the said forfeiture, such justice or justices shall commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor leis than six months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such green and unmanufactured leaves, so found hid, concealed, or lodged, as aforesaid, shall be burnt or otherwise destroyed, if the owner or owners thereof shall, with destroyed, etc. in twenty spur hours after such seizure, prove, to the satisfaction of the justice or justices granting the said warrant for seizing such leaves, or any other justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, district, or place, where the same shall be so seized, that the said green or unmanufactured leaves were gathered with the consent of the owner or owners of the trees, shrubs, or plants, from which the said leaves were taken, and that the same were so gathered for some other use or uses, and not for the purpose of dying, fabrieating, or manufacturing, in imitation of tex, as aforesaid; if such proof shall, within the time aforesaid, be made to the satisfaction of the said justice or justices, then the said green or unmanufactured leaves, together

'with

Certain cases in which leaves found concealed, shall not be

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c.$59

with the carriages, vessels, and package, in which the same shall have been so seized, shall be forthwith restored to the owner or owners thereof, by order of such justice or justices.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Occupieriof all such dyed, coloured, stained, fabricated, and mariufadured,hwwtany and other leaves aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be ruth leaves in the custody, and possession of the occupier or occupiers of the shall be found, dwelling houses, outhouses, gardens, and lands, wherein or, f^g*d.there whereon the same shall be so found hid, concealed, or lodged, as sjnfeo/stall aforesaid; and such occupier or occupiers of the said dwelling be liable to the houses, outhouses, gardens, and lands, shall be liable to all the penalties of pains and penalties by this act in Aided on the person or persons* such dyed, coloured, stained, fabricated, or trianufadured,

and other leaves, in his, her, or their custody or possession, if it shall be proved, to the satisfaction of the justice or justices before whom the matter shall be heard, that such leaves were lodged in'such dwelling houses, outhouses, gardens, or lands, with the privity or content of the said occupier or occupiers thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one moiety of all and every the forfeitures herein before directed to be paid in pursuance of this act, shall go to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed.

VII. And for the more easy conviction of persons offending against this act, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all in Inhabitants of formations and other proceedings for any of the offences afore ^droiwedas said, the evidence of the inhabitants of the parish or place where evidence, the offence shall be committed shall be taken and allowed, any law, custoro, rule, order, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his*

majesty's justices of the peace for the respective counties, cities, execution, ridings, divisions, districts, or places, wherein any of the offences committed against this act shall be done, are hereby authorised to put this act in execution, and to administer an oath

to any such credible witness or witnesses.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the conviction or convictions of all and every offender and of be certtfedto fenders against this act, shall be certified, by the justice or justices the nextqoar of the peace before whom the same shall be made, to the next ter sessions. general quarter sessions of the peace, to be filed amongst the records of the said sessions; and that such conviction shall be fairly

written on parchment or paper, in the folfowing form of words,

(as the case shall happen or in any other form of words to the like effect; that is to say,

1 TJ E it remembered, That on the to wit. J II in the year

day of Form of conviction.

A.B. was upon the complaint of C D. convicted before of the justices of the peace for in pursuance of an, act passed in the seventeenth year of the Vol, XXXI C C reign

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30. [1777.

rtigft if his majesty Xing George the Third, for

(as the case shall be.)

Given kniir hand and seal, theday and year ohm > written.

onviftionnot Which said conviction shall be good and effectual in law, to all for want ofntcnt and purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or ad

form, etc. judged void or insufficient, for want of any form or words whatsoever

; nor shall the same be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his majesty's court of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XXX.

An act for farther refraining the negotiation of promissory notes, and inland bills of exchange under a limited sum, within that part of Orest Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by a certain act of parliament, passed in the ff aa 15 Geo. 3. teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An recited. atto restrain the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain cmed England,) all negotiable promissory, or other notes, bills tf exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, for any jum of money left than the sum of twenty fillings in the whole, and issued after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, were made void, and the publishing or uttering and negotiating of any such notes, bills, draughts, or undertakings, for a lefsjum than twenty jhilrngs, or on which less than that sum should be due, was, by the Jaii aft, restrained under certain penalties or forfeitures therein mentioned; and allfuth notes, hills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings in writing, as had issued before the said twenty-fourth day June, were made payable upon demand, and were directed to be recovered in such manner as is therein also mentioned: and whereas the said act hath been attended with very salutary effects, and in case the provifms therein contained were extended to a further sum [but yet without prejudice to the convenience arising to the public from the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange for the re mittanu of money in discharge of any balance of account or other debt) the good purposes of the said act would be further advanced; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, - and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

momsrorya authority of the same, That all promissory or other notes, bills notes, C for of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in Writing, being northeast

105. and left gotiable or transferable, for the payment of twenty Shillings, or than a. which afly sum Of money above that sum and less than five pounds; tn^england af or on twenty Shillings, or above that sum and less than

terjan.1, 177^ five pounds, shall remain undischarged, and which shall be issued

17)?.] Anno decimo fitptirno Gkokou tit C go

within that part of Great Britain called England, at any time Ifefir Aall specifr the first dav of January, one thousand fatten hundred and seventy j

eight, shall specify the narpts and placet of abode of the perfoas to wh0m pay mipectively to whom, or to whose order the fane shall be made able.'payable; and shall bear date before or at the time of drawing or ifluiftg thereof, and not on any day subsequent thereto; and shall be made payable within the space of twenty-one days next after the day of the date thereof; and shall not be transferrable or negotiable after the time thereby limited for payment thereof; and that every endorsement to be made thereon shall be made before the expiration of that time, and to bear date at or not before the time of making thereof end shall specify the name and place of abode of the person or persons to whom, or to whose order, the money contained in every, such note, bill, draught, or underr taking, is to be paid; and that the signing of every such note, Thetigning of bill, draught, or undertaking, and also of every such endorse ctn7 such. ment, shall be attested by one subscribing witness at the lead Sorfcment'm and which said notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or under be attested'by takings in writing, may be made or drawn in words to the pur one witnefa.

rrt or effect as let out in the schedule hereunto annexed. No.

and II and that all promissory or other notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, being negotiable or transferrable, for the payment of twenty Shillings, or any sum of money above that sum and less than five pounds; or in which twenty Shillings, or above that sum and less than five pounds shall remain undischarged, and which shall be ifhied, within that part of Great Britain called England, at any time after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, iu any other manner than as aforesaid; and also every endorsement on any such note, bill, draught, or undertaking, to be negotiated under this a other than as aforesaid, shall, end the same are hereby declared to be, absolutely void any law, Statute, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty on the publishing, uttering, or negotiating, within that part of Great puhhoung or Britain called England, of any promiuory or other, note, bill of any such notea, exchange; draught, or undertaking in writing, being negotiable etc. contrary or transferrable for twenty Shillings, or above that him and less to the method than five pounds, or on which twenty Shillings, or above that W

sum and less than five pounds, shall remain undischarged, and Uu* '

htued or made in any other manner than notes, bills, draughts, or undertakings, hereby permitted to be published or negotiated s aforesaid; also me negotiating of any of such lait mentioned notes, bills, draughts, or undertakings, after the time appointed for payment thereof, or before that time in any other manner than as aforesaid, by any ad, contrivance, or means whatsoever, from and after the said first day of January, one thousand fovea hundred and seventy eight, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, prohibited or restrained, under. the like penalties or forfeitures, and to be recovered and applied

qt Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30. [1777.

in like manner as by the said act is directed, with respect to the tittering or publishing or negotiating of notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undmakings in writing, for any sum of money not Jess than the sum of twenty Shillings, or on which left than that, a Aim (hold be due.

AH negotiable

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, notw ct? be from and immediately after the passing of this act, all promissory tween tos. and or other notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings in fl which (handwriting, for the payment of anygreater (um of money than twen beiirued be ty Shillings, and Iefs than the sum of five pounds, or on which 1778, fltahbe twenty Shillings, and Iefs than the sum of five pounds, shall repayable on main undischarged, and being negotiable or transferable, as demand. shall be issued before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, mall be, and the same are hereby declared and adjudged payable, within that part of Great Britain called England, on demand, any terms, restrictions, or'conditions therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

; and shall be recoverable in such manner, or by the like means, as is or are directed in or by the said act with respect to notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing therein mentioned to have issued previous to the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; and that all and every other the powers, provisoes, limitations, restrictions, penalties, dauses, matters and things whatsoever in the said former act contained with respect thereto, and also with respect to au such notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings in writing, issued after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be in force, within that part of Great Britain called England, as to all notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, for twenty Shillings, or any greater sum and Iefs than the sum of five pounds, or oq which twenty Shillings, or above that sum and Iefs than fire pounds, shall remain undischarged, ifltued after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and cventy eight, and previous thereto respectively, and in like manner as if the same respectively had been the object of the said act at the time of making thereof, save so far as the same or any of them are altered or varied by this present act.

Ctmrimunce

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the so* tr C ormer anc a this present act, shall continue in force,

005 not only for the residue of the term of five years in the said former

aft mentioned, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, but also for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of juujia* mem.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30.

SCHEDULE

No. I.

Place Day Month Year

- 

ct'weniy one days after date, I prto pay AB. of -

X Sum

his trier, tit sum of for value rectivtd by

C D,

Witness,

E.F.

And the endorsement, totits quoties.

Day Month Year

Pay the contents to Place'

G. H. of -

or his order,

Witness, A.B.

J.K.

No. II

Place Day Month Year Place

ct*wenty one days after date, pay to A.B. of   or his, tbt

X Sum

sum of  value received, as advised by

C p.

Place

7fle.f.r/ -

Witness,

G. H.

And the endorsement, toties

Day Month Year

Pay the contents to Place

J.K. of 

or his order.

A.

Witness L.M.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31  33. [1777.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to enabte the tbmmftfionert for executing the office of treasurer of his majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to make an agreement or composition with the several furetiet of William Brown, and the representatives of such of the said furetiet at are dead, for a debt remaining due from them to the crown, on federal tobacco boadft, entered into and executed by such furetiet respectively; and that they and their estatetand effect may be acquitted and discharged therefrom.

ftteammej rccfting ft vert! bottdi entered Into by william Brown, etc. payable to his Majesty. Commissionert of the treasury empowered to compound with William Francit, John Wlgglnton, etc. (niretiet for Will. Brbfen) in respect of the aforesaid bond. After such composition, etc. Hull be made by the commissionert of the treasury, the said furetiet and their estatet shall be freed from all future claimt relating to the said bonds. This act not to discharge Will. Brown, bit hein, etc.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for btluding a pt church within the town and parish of Buckingham.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to allow the master dyers j within the counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ journeymen in their trade who have not served apprenticeships thereto.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS made in the fifth year Act 5 Eliz, F of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, ttituuled, An act contain recited, ing diverse orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, and apprentices, it is amongst other things enacted, That it shall not be fateful to any ptrfan or per fans (other than such as then did lawfully use or exercist any art, myfiery, or manual occupation) to sat up, octupy, Ufa, dr txercifa, any crafty myfltty, of occupation, then ufad at occupied within the realm of England, or Wales, except be Jbdll have been brought up therein seven years, at the leaf, as an apprentice nor to fat any person on work in such myfiery, art, or occupation, being not then a workman, except he shall have been apprentice as aforesaid, upon pain of every person offending or doing the contrary to forfeit and sofa, for every default, forty shillings for every month j whereby the trade of a dyer is very much injured and obstructed\ in regard there are not a sufficient number of persons who hope served an apprenticeship to be employed as journeymen therein: may it therefore pleikfe your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted bylhe King*$ tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled and by the authority of the to much of the same. That from the day of passing this act, so much of the said h, d ao'as rc' at made in the fifth year of the reign of the said Queen Eliza ncymendycri eth, above redted, as relates to journeymen or servants being repealed.9employed in the trade or occupation of a dyer, shall be, and the same is hereby rep j; led, with respect to the counties of Middle

M

1777 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. $4.

/*, essex, Surrey, and jcw/j and that it shall and may be lawful

to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever, who carry on or use the trade of a dyer within any of the said counties of Middlesex, essex, Surrey, or Kent, to employ so many, and

such number of journeymen, servants, and labourers, as they shall respectively have occasion for, without incurring any penalty under the said act, anything therein contained, or any other law, u&ge, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

A off for the better supply of mariners and seamen to I bii Majesty's ships of war, and on board meribant ships and other trading

ships and vessels.

Is

[Preamble.]

FOR the bitter supply of mariners and seamen to serve in

Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels\ be it enacted by the King'* moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and From the paf after the passing of this act until the twenty-fifth day of March, tb

one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and no longer,

(except in respect of such merchant ships, and other trading eban'tships, ships or vessels, which shall be on their voyage before the said etc. may be twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and wigated by seventy eight, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as herein after is provided, it shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his majesty's natural or naturalised subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners, do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen so employed be At all times natives, or his majesty's naturalised subjects of Great Britain, ffudden death and hazard and casualties of war, and the seas, laved and excepted), one act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second,

(entitled. An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation), or any other Statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall This act not extend to take away or restrain the effect of any such royal pro damation as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are hnpower Nation to be CD to make by virtue of an act passed id the thirteenth year of his madepurfuant late majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for the better supply of mart to an an ners and seamen, to serve in his majesty's ships of war, and on board'u tnercbantships, and other trading ships and privateers.)

g66 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 35, 36. [1777.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for furthtr continuing an act, passed in the sixth year of his present Mricfty's reign, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of foreigp wrought silks and velvets for a limited timer. and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the (ilk manufacture.

[Preamble.]

AA $ Geo. $. iecited

tand

further continued for 6 years.

WHEREAS i law herein after mentioned bas, by expect erne, been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king's rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, 2nd by the authority of the same, That an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets for a limited time, and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the sill ipanufacture\ whict) was to continue in force for five years, from the fourteenth day of Jyne, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the end of the then next feffioooof parliament; and which, by another act, made in the eleventh year of the reign of tys present Majesty, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the fourteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the end of the then next fefliop of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the fourteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then nexf fefliop of parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of cm'or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain acts may have been made and passed in this present session of parliament, appointing the first meetings of the emmissioners or trustees for putting such acts in execution upon certain days which have elapsed before, or happened upon, the refbeftive days of faffing such acts; and doubts may arise whether, in such cases, the of or trustees, appointed in and by such acts, are auth; fifed to meet and carry such acts into execution; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted e by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the ers^ctcffor* me That n ca^c any a or acts of parliament hath or have executing any passed during this present session of parliament, and the com paifeif this missioners or trustees for putting such act or acts in execution, session, who not have met and held their first meetings on the respective

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 367

days appointed by fpch acts respectively, it shall and have" " held may be lawful for such of or trustees, or such num

of them as by such acts are authorised to meet and to put formab^to " such acts. in execution, to meet and proceed in the execution of such act, may such acts respectively on or before the day fortnight next after meet within a the end of this present session of parliament; and alf such meetings so had shall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, p^fentfession! and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if tlte of or trustees had met and proceeded to put such acts in execution on the days appointed in and by such respective acts; and all acts, matters, and things, which shall be done by 1 such of or trustees in the execution of such acts respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all respects, and to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if their first meetings had been held on the days appointed by such acts respectively.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to Indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments \ and to indemnify justices of the peace, or other Si who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualificationswithin the time limited by la w, and for giving further time for tbcfe purposes; to indemnify members and officers, in cities corporations, and borough towns, whole admissions have been omitted to be fiamped according to law r or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped \ and to give further time to fuel persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS diverse persons, who, on account of their offices,

places employments, or prosessions, or any other cavfe or occa fan, ought to have taken and subscribed the oaths, or the assurance respectively, appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed, in and by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, of glorious memory, (entitled, An act for the ave onittted further security of his majesty's person and government, and the to qualify succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pre agreeable to tended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors;,) or to 1 Geo. have qualified themselves according to an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for Act 13 Car. a. the well governing and regulating corporations;,) or to have qua lifted themselves according to another a ft, made in the twenty-fifth year ff the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for pre Act5 Car. venting the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving th sacrament of the lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned;,) or according to another act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Act 30 Car. s, Charles the Second, [entitled. An act for the more effectual preserving the King's person add government, by disabling papists.

S Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [*7*

from sitting in either house of parliament 5) or according to another oft made tu the eighth year of the reign of bit late majesty King AT Geo. V George the First, (entitled, An act for granting the people called Quakers such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;,) or according to another act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty Act 9 Geo. i. King George the Second) (entitled An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending (b much ot an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limit d by law for making and subscribing the declaration against traosubstantiation; and for allowing a further time for inrol* ment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees)) according to another act) made in the eighteenth year of the reign of bit late majesty King Act it geos. George the Second, (entitled, An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further qualification of justices of the peace \) or according to another act made in the firth year of the reign and aft 6 Geo. of his present Majesty) (entitled, An act for altering the oath of 3* abjuration, and the assurance; and for amending so much of an act

made in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anni) intituled An act for the improvement of the mien of the two kingdom) as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treason, or misprision of treason)) through ignorance of the law) absenu) or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said oatns and assurance % and make and subscribe the declaration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such time) and in such manner) as in and by the said acts respectively, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is required) whereby they have incur+ed, or may be in danger of incurring diverse penalties and disabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majestfs subjects) and for preventing any inconveniences that might otherufife happen by mans of such omiftkns; be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par iwstine of this l*ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all*and every person or persons, who, at or before the passing of this act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the lord's Tapper, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts, or any of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is required; and who, after accepting any such office, place, or employment, or undertaking any profession or thing on account of which such qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the passing of this act, hath or h*vc taken and

subscribe4

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37.' 3

(bbscribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the fecrament of the lord's tapper, according to the uface of the church Of, of who, on or and who Audi,

before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hun* or before died and seventy^seven, shall take and tahscribe the said oaths, declarations, and assurance respectively, in tach cases wherein by*law the said oaths, declarations, and aitarance, ought to have been taken or tabfcrished, in tach manner and form, and at or in tach place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act, mode in the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, or by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, receive the iacra ment of the lord's tapper, according to the usage of the church of England, in tach cases wherein the said sacrament ought to

have been received, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, make and tabferibe the id declaration against trantabftantiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seven ty fereti, make and tabferibe the said declaration, in the said Statute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in tach cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed, and take and tabferibe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in tach cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in tach manner as by the said act is directed, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by Audi be. teafon of any neglect or omission previous to the passing of this indemnified aft. Of taking or tabferibing the said oaths or assurance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or tabferibing the said declarations, or taking or tabferibing the said oath, according to the abovementioned acts, or any of them, or any other act or acts; and tach person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and oftually recapacitated and restored to the same date and condition at be, Ihes, or they, were in before fitch neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her,

6t themselves, according to the abovementioned acts, and every Of them: and that U cleftio^ of, and acts done, or to be done, by any tach person or persons, yr by authority derived from him, her, sir thetn, are and shall be of the same force and validity as the same, or any of them, would have been if tach person or persons respectively had taken the said oath or assurance, and received the sacratttent of the lord's tapper, and made and tab scribed the said declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, according to the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them i and that though qualification of tach person or persons,

qua

370 Anno decimo fepdmo Georgii III. c. 37; [1777.

ualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed by this act, shall, be, to all intenta and purposes, as effectual u'if ruch person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, t within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

Not toindem

II. Provided always, That this act, or anything herein con nify any pertained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify son for any any person against whom final judgement shall have been given, by ner Urn any a<^on & debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his leding to qua majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having iiiy hunfelt. neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law.

III. And whereas the appointments of diverse clerks of the pact, town clerks, and other public officers, and the admissions of diverse members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or tie entries of such admissions in the court books, rolls, or records, of [tub cities, corporations, and borough towns, which by several alls of parliament are direhed and requited to be /lamped, may not bam been provided, or the same not jlansped, of may have been lost or mifkui; Persons pro be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the during ap. relief of such persons whose appointments and admissions, or m^a^iffions t*lc cntr*cs whfe admissions as aforesaid may not have been before Dec! or not duly damped, or where the same have been 1777, 5 lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such persons,

on or before the twenty-fifth dy of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, to provide, or cause to be provided, appointments and admissions, or entries of admis fipns, as aforesaid, duly stamped: or, in case where such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly damped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admit cons, as aforesaid, to the of appointed to inspect and manage the revenues of the lamp duties, to be duly damped; which such of are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to duly damp, on payment of the duties first pay qualified to a^e* or to h*ve been paid on such appointments, admissions, or aa clerk, entries of admissions, as aforesaid, without any fine or forfeiture officer, or thereon; and such persons so providing appointments, admis member of sins, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, duly damped, or ctc^.p0^atl<3wi, Procuring the same to be duly damped, in manner aforesaid, are m*en: oy an and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as clerk of offices into the peace, town clerk, or otherfublick officer, or member or which they members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and borough towns respectively, to alf intents and purposes, and shall elected; Inc may hold and enjoy, and execute such offices, or any other and shall be Office or offices into which he or they hath Or have been elected, fromaupenil notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of ties and dama their predecessors, in such cities, corporations, or borough towns, tges incurred as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and oy iffiomk.of4 incapacities, disabilitif?, fprfcitures, penalties, and da

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 371

mages, by reason of any such omission; and none of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

IV. Provided always, That this act, or anything herein con - Not to extend rained, shall not extend, or be conftmed to extend, to restore or fons to any*" entitle any person or persons to any office or employment, bene cfljce avoided fice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by by judgement, judgement of any of his majesty's courts of record, or already

legally filled up or enjoyed by any other person; but that such office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the pa sling of this act, be legally entitled to the same, assis this act had never been made.

V. And whereas many persons have omitted to cause affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper office, of the actual cue action of several contracts in writing entered into by them to serve as clerks to attornies or solicitorsj within the time in which the same' aught to have been done, and many infants and others, may thereby incur certain disabilities; for preventing thereof and relieving such persons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every per Person who*son who, at the passing of this act, shall have negteded or omitted cause acto cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be made^j^jjf^ e and filed, and who, on or before the first day of Michaelmas Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall cause term 1777, one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, inca^and disabilities, ih or by any act or acts of parliament, penalties, mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such neglect or omission; and every such affidavit and affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said first day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been made and filed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in cgfe any action, suit, Persons prose bill of indiftroent, or information, shall, from and after the paf j uted and sing of this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, againstj^ty^"1 any person or persons hereby meant or intended to be indemni nified, may" fied, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfei plead the gc ture, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever incurred, or to nerai issue* be incurred, by any such neglect or omission, such person or per.

Jons may plead the general issue, and, upon their defence, give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, upon any trial tp Jbe had thereupon.

37. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 38, 39. [1777.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and een ty (even.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon nil servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for r. pealing several rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and sit granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon ell persons and bodies politic and corporate having certain quantities sf silver plate.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble: WE your Majestfs most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising tit nectjjary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that; it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, After July 5, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth

1777,1*today of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there be paid yearly (ha^raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his male^ftrsant*cirs an fuccc>rs> after the rate ot twenty-one Shillings per employed as annum for every male servant, within the kingdom of Greet herein after Britain, who shall then have been, or shall afterwards be, retained mentioned. or employed in the following capacities; (that is to say) of maitre

d'hotel, house steward, mailer of the horse, groom of the cham ber, valet dechambre, butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, confectioner, cook, house.porter, footman, running footman, coachman, groom, postillion, stable boy, and the respective helpers in the (tables of such coachman, groom, or postillion, or in the capacity of gardener (not being a day labourer) park keeper, game keeper, huntsman, whipper in, whether such male servants shall have been or shall be retained and employed in one or more of the said capacities, or in any other business jointly with one or more of the said capacities of a servant; which said ygt. to be paid sum of twenty one Shillings per annum shall be charged and paid for every such in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, every such servant for the master or mi ft refs shall be charged fifteen Shillings for every such July 5*1777? servant retained or employed within the time which shall and Marchs5, clapfe between the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred

1778. and seventy seven, and the twenty-fifth day of Marcby one

373

1777.] Anno dedlmo septimo gfiorqii III C 39.

thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and every such matter or mistress shall be charged the sum of twenty-one Shillings for every such servant which shall be so retained or employed within every subsequent year, ending on the twenty-fifth day of March; and the said several sums herein before mentioned shall be levied and paid in every yeir, within six months subsequent to the twenty-fifth day of March, on which such charges are hereby directed to be made.

II. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to any This act not servant who shall be retained or employed, bona fide, for the to extend to purposes of husbandry or manfactures, or of any trade or causing

by which the matter or mittrefs of such servant earn a bandry.ma*livelihood or profit. nufactures,

III. Provided also, That the duty hereby granted for every etc coachman, groom, pottiilion, or helper, let out to hire by way Who shall pay of job, shall be paid by the matter or mittrefs for whole use, ^yf^or and in whose service, such coachman, groom, pottiilion, or grooms, etc. helper, shall be employed respectively; and that the duty hereby let out to hire, granted for every gardener, retained or employed by any person or persons who shall contrast for the keeping of any garden or gardens, shall be paid by the person or persons for whole use and in whose garden such gardener shall be employed.

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall Duty to bt extend, or be construed to extend to exempt any person or Paid for k.r* persons from the payment of the duty imposed by this act, in afore* respect of any servant retained or employed in any of the capa said, not with cities aforesaid, on account or under pretence that such servant (landing their is or shall be bound as an apprentice to such person or persons; being apprtn lave and except such apprentices as are or shall be imposed upon tice#'. any matter or mistress, under and by virtue of the powers given

to magistrates and parish officers by any act of parliament, so as the number of such apprentices so imposed upon any matter or mistress does not exceed two.

V Provided also, That this act, or anything herein con Butlers, cooks, tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge etc in the with the duty hereby granted, the biller or butlers, manciple, unitcrfities| cook or cooks, gardener or gardeners, porter or porters, of any

college or hall within either of the universities of Oxford or

Cambridge, or the universities of Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen,

or Saint Andrews in Scotland, or of the several colleges of /fw?

minster, Eaton, or wincbejur, or to the servants of his Majesty, Serfants of the

or any of the royal family, or of any ambassador or foreign mi family,

Slitter redding in the kingdom of Great Britain

Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein and certain 'Contained shall extend to charge with the duty hereby granted, hospitals, CX any of the royal hospitals of Chrifi, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, empted* Bethlehem, Saint Thomas in the city of London and borough of Southwark, or guy's, or the Foundling ffojpital.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to he That the duty by this act imposed as aforesaid shall be assessed, collected by raised, levied, collected, and received by such persons, and shall

u be

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

the exchequer be paid into his majesty's exchequer, for the purposes in this under such ad expressed, in such and the like form and manner, and with uakamm^nt a^owances> anc under such penalties, forfeitures, and dif ed for the du - abilities, and according to such rules methods, and directions, tie on houses as are prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levying, coland window, lecting, receiving, and paying, the duties on houses and windows aogeo3* or nan an a niade in the twentieth year of the

* N '* reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the fivt- ral rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by another ad, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his laid late Majesty, intituled An act to enforce the execution of an act of this session of parliament>for granting to his Majesty several rales and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an act, made in the a&saigeo.s, twenty first year of his said late majesty's reign, intituled An act for explaining, amending, and father enforcing the execution of an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the repealing several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to 31 Geo. be charged on the said rates or duties; and by an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions and upon houses y and upon windows or lights; and for

raising the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged, ft Geo. 3. on the said rates and duties; and by an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows or and 6 Geo. 3. lights and by an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesij other duties upon houses, windows, and lights, or by any of them; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the said several acts, or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the duties upon servants by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same are or may be, for the assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and charging the rates and duties granted by the aforesaid acts, or any of them, so far as the said powers, authorities, rules and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by this act; and that all moneys arising by the said duty granted by this act, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty1*

CX

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39- Hi

exchequer at m^jlmirjier^ distinctly and apart from all other branches of the public revenue, and shall he carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called thefinking fund.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better execution of this aeft, and for the ordering, for^meniion raising, levying, colletsing, and paying the duty hereby granted, ed ah shall the of au; horized or appointed, or who shall be put ths M in hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in execution the eaecutioft. said herein before mentioned acts, or any of them, shall be of for putting in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, in all and every the respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, f rg towns, and places respectively within Great Britain; and that etcf

the said of, in order to the speedy execution of this act, shall, in their respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed of respectively, meet on or before the thirtieth day of Jpril, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and shall, in like manner, meet yearly and every year, at such day or time as the said of for the time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of Jprityearly; and shall then divide themselves to ad in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present ady for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the duty hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same manner as is prescribed by the said before mentioned acts, or any of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby imposed.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said commissl corrmutiqm oners shall, in the precepts to be from time to time directed by them to the inhabitants of the parishes or places within their ^, c*n^ respective districts or divisions, w hom they shall think fit to be afteilor*. presenters and assessors under the said before mentioned nds, or any of them, cause notice to be inserted, that such persons are to be appointed assessors of the duty upon servants granted by this act.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tfiat afltcflbrs td such persons to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, shall, within give notice hi fourteen days after such their appointment yearly, give or leave

notice or warning in writing, to or for the master or mistress of pr0(|i, re, every servant on whom a duty is imposed by this act, within the Lists of their limits of the places for which such assessors are to ad, at his or servant ember dwelling house, to prepare and produce, within the space of fourteen days then next ensuing, a dist in writing of his or her ctc# f

servants retained or employed within the said parish or district, describing the number by him or her retained or employed, the christian and surname of each servant, and the office or capacity in or for which each servant is retained or employed \ every such list to contain the greatest number of servants at any one time retained and employed in the course of the year, ending on the twenty*fifth day of March in each preceding year; and that every such master or mistress do and shall, after such notice

376 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

so given or left, make out a list of his or her servants accordingly, and sign the same with his or her own hand, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such assessor or How assessors assessors: and in case any such matter or mistress shall neglect or to proceed, in refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such list within the time neele<ft to^ie before mentioned, then such assessor or assessors shall, from the liver such lilti. best information he or they can obtain, make an assessment upon such matter or mistress so refusing or neglecting, for or in respect of the number of servants so retained or employed by such matter or mistress, distinguishing them by their christian and Turname, and their respective employments; and every such assessment

so made upon any such neglect or refusal shall be final and conclusive upon such matter or mistress, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such matter or mistress shall prove that he or she were not at their respective dwelling houses at the time of the delivery of such respective notices, nor between that day and the time limited for their delivering their respective lists to the assessor; or unless such matter or mistress shall allege and prove such other excuse for not having delivered their lists as the of in their judgement shall think reasonable and sufficient.

Lists to con

XI. Provided always, That the lists which shall be delivered eft^number of m inanner herein before mentioned by order of the said com servantsem missioners, and which shall be for the space of time which shall ployed during elapse between the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred Retime to and seventy seven, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one

relate they thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, shall contain the

greatest number of servants which such matter or mistress shall at any time have retained or employed between the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and the said twenty-fifth day of a4arch, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

Commission

XII. And whereas many masters and mijlreffes, who will be charge cation to a^e ^utympfd by this act, have or may have diverse bcufes

grant" relief to or paces f residence in different parts of the kingdom, andfome of persons who their servants may be jlationed and resident in such respective bcufes or have been places of residence, and others of them may be removed from time lo

feren^ 'lices time to aiten^ upon t^elr Jai moflers or miftrcjfes> or their business: forth font and whereas other mailers or mijlrejjes keeping servants may from time servants. to time change their houses, lodgings, or places of abode: therefore, ts the end that no person may be obliged to pay for the same servants, or others coming in their room, in more parishes or distrifls than one within the same y^ar \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any matter or mistress, having bcenassessed inonepanlh oi*district for his or her servants retained or employed within the same, shall happen to be again assessed in another parish or district for or in respect of such servants, or any of them; in such case the commissioners for the district wherein the houe, lodging, or place of residence or abode of the matter or mistress assessed shall be firuated, or the majority of the of

present at any application for this purpose, may and are hereby

required

377

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 3^.' required to alter any assessment, on proof given before them that the said matter or mistress hath paid the duty imposed or intended by this acts, for or in respectc of such servant or servants, in: another place, and in what placespecifically, or hath leen assessed for the same; which proof shall be made, as to the fact of payment, by producing a receipt signed by the collector to whom the same payment was made, or in default thereof by other reasonable evidence to the satisfaction of the of the majority of them, before whom such evidence shall be offered; and the aforesaid proof, as to the fact of the party having been assessed elsewhere, shall be made in like manner, either by producing a copy or certificate of the assessment, signed by two or more of of the district for which such assessment had been made, which copy or certificate the clerk then attending the said of shall deliver gratis to the party requiring the same; or in default of such copy or certificate, then such j5roof shall be made by other evidence to the fathfadlion of the of present, or the majority of them.

XIII. And whereas diverse noblemen, gentlemen, and others, retain diretftorts foi or employ groomsf jlable boys, and other j<truants, to look after and assessing no attend upon horses or hounds at many places within this kingdom where they themselves have no houses or places of refdence; be it therefore fervanuat^ enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be places where lawful for the assessor or assessors, within and for such districts or they h*veu* places respectively, to deliver or leave such notice as is herein housea. before directed to be given, at the house or houses where such grooms, stable boys, or other servants usually reside; and that ail and every of such noblemen, gentlemen, and others, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, a list or lists, ligned by them respectively, specifying the number of servants lb retained and employed by them for the purposes aforesaid, to the aflcltor* within and for the respective districts or limits where such serve an s shall usually reside, and the assessments for and in respect of such servants shall be made and delivered by the assessors within and for such respective limits or districts.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the In case tfid authority aforesaid, That such afllftois as aforesaid shall not Ic lists delivered bound by such lists as shall be delivered to them respectively in J? pursuance of this act, but shall be at liberty, in cale they shall deficient^rhcy find upon due examination that any servant or servants are emit furchaigtf ted in such lists, to surcharge the same, and make a true afteflf the same, mentupon every master and mistress within their respective districts of the real number of servants so retained or employed by

such master or mistress, distinguishing the christian and surname of such servant or servants, and their respective employments; aft fors to and shall from time to time make and deliver in writing their assessments of the duty charged by this act, within the bounds^cowmj or limits for which they are respectively to act as aforesaid, unto fjoners within the said of, or any two or more of them, within the 3 months af'uf space of three calendar months next after the time of their being then appeint so appointed assessors $ that the said of to whom

D d at such

378 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

Commission such assessments shall be so delivered, or any two of them,shall, era to sign the within the space of one calendar month next after the receipt of

print collect same respectivety> or as fon ater as conveniently may be, tors,tc. set their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the same assessors, or by such surveyor or surveyors as herein after is or are mentioned, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the persons named in each of such assessments to be collegers, or any other two such persons as they shall think able and reiponfable, for the respective divisions and places for which they shall be so presented; shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments so by them allowed of, unto the respective persons by them nominated to be collectors for the year ensuing who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties hereby assessed, and to give acquittances for the same.

Surveyors un

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, der the before That all and every surveyor and surveyors appointed and to be aft o?a in app*nted under or by virtue of the said several acts herein be spect^the lists fore mentioned, or any of them, for the rates and duties thereby before they are imposed, shall be, and he and they are and is hereby empowered signed, and and authorised to inspect and examine any list or lists to be made amend them. out an(j signecj by any such master or m.stress as aforesaid, or any assessment or assessments for any parish or place, before the commissioners shall have sinned and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such list or lists, assessment or assessments, if he or they shall see just cause for so doing, by specifying thechristian and surname of each servant to be added to or taken from such list, together with their respective employments; and every person, in whose custody any such lists or assessments shall be, is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or fur if surveyors veyors as aforesaid, to produce the same: and if any such fur discover any veyor or surveyors shall, after any such list or litis, assessment or a^e^mentsi stall he so respectively made our, signed, and allowed signed, they as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his or their iurvey or exami are to certify nation, that any master or mistress, that should and ought to be the same to charged with the said duty hereby granted, shall have been omittc<^ the charged therewith, or shall have been underrated, such surveyor or surveyors shall certify the same in writing under his hand, together with the christian and surname and the employment of each servant, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said of, in order to have such omission or under rate certified in the said assessment, and such of are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied/accordingly.

Matters to he XVI sfvd to the end that every master and mistress may deliver, doubly rated or Caufs to be delivered, to the ajfcffor or assessors, a true list of their vtnta^he Cr' respective servants according to the intent of this atu be it further omvin their enacted by the authority aforesaid'in all cases where any lists. assessor or surveyor shall make a surcharge upon any matter pr

mistress,

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 379

mijstress, for or in respect of any servant or servants omitted to be inserted in any such list, such surcharge shall be made after northeast balfof the rate of two pounds two Shillings an head for every such fer are to be vant io omitted j and the assessor or surveyor so making such fur ai fed the charge shall be, and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and afletfor or fur receive, to and for his own use, one pound one (lulling of every veyor making such iurcharge which shall be justly made upon any such list. the same

XVII. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted. Surveyors or

That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to autho assessor*not to rise or empower any surveyor or assessor to enter the dwelling ^ehing house, mouthouses, or garden, of any person, for the purpose or h0jfc, etc. to under the pretence of inspeding or examining the number of examine the servants retained or employed by such person. number of

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, rcr"ants* That if any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or per*ns over themselves respectively overcharged or overrated by any assesst t tahycap. mem, charge, or surcharge, to be made by virtue or in purfu commidioa ance of this act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them respecters. tively, to appeal to the said of; and that the said of, or any two or more of them, shall and they arts

hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said of that the matter or mistress had omitted to deliver in their lists, and shall not assign sufficient cause to the satisfaction of the commissioners for such

omission in manner herein before mentioned; provided that at Appellant to the time of hearing the same, a list shall be produced, by or on deliver, on the part of the appellant, upon oath, of the greatest number f the create ft servants of such appellant, within the district or limits of thenumberof places where such appeal shall be made, subject to the duty hereby fervanrs cm. granted, that shall have been retained or employed by him or ploved, etc. her at any time between the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and the twenty fish day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, with respect to the space of time which shall elapse between the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight i or with respect to any future year, the greatest number of servants which shall have been so retained or employed by him or her within the year preceding the twenty-fifth day of Manh in every such year, with a description of the occupation of each servant, and of the capacity in which such servant shall have served; that all such appeals shall be heard and determined on the days appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein before mentioned, with respect to the duties on houses, windows, or lights.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission That the said of, or any of them, shall not, upon ^e0^to the hearing of any appeal, make any abatement or defalcation ^atement in in the charge, or surcharge, made upon any person by such af the charge, feflment as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any such surveyor or etc. unless it surveyors as aforesaid, but the same shall stana good and remain(hall appc

part

nt

one

etc,

on

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

part of the annual assessment, unless it shall then appear to that laid of, by examination upon oath, that such person is over rated in and by such assessment or surcharge; every, V person intending to appeal to the said of, shall, and is hereby required to give at the least ten days notice thereof to the said surveyor, or to one or more of the assessor s of the parish or place wherein such person is rated, of such intention to appeal; and such surveyor and act'eflors may then and there attend to justity the said assessment and surcharge; and such surveyor and ^flelfors, and appellant, shall have full and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such respective appeals, and of the said of determining the same: and the said tain of are hereby authorised and empowered upon every y such appeal, although they shall confirm the surcharge of such^or surveyor, upon the application of any such master or to be mistress, to remit and (hike off the said penally of one pound cne shilling herein before directed to be paid to such assessor or surveyor surcharging such list, in case they shall be of opinion that there was any doubt whether such servant or servants so surcharged was or were rateable within the meaning of this act, and were not wilfully omitted by such master or mistress out of such list or lists.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, on, etc. such examination on the hearing such appeal, it shall appear to ns a the said of that such surcharge was falsely and vexa

tiously made; then, and in such case, such surveyor or assessor so surcharging shall forfeit and incur such penalties and punishment as in and by the herein before mentioned acts are directed to be inflicted on surveyors or assessors for neglect of duty.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all appeals once heard and determined by the said of, or any two or more of them, or the m jor part of them then present, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, shall be final (except as is h^rein after direct CD

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if either the said surveyor, or the person so appealing, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall apprehend the determination made by

Bench; the said of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor or person respectively to require the said of to state specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, Together with their determination thereupon; which case the said of, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to date and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request, as aforesaid, ro be by him transmitted to one of theju ftices of the court of King's Bench, or Ccrnnon Pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of Exchequer for the time being; and every

mati

m mif to be

etc.

difia

may,

land,

to the f

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 381

every such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment, which shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed: and that if either the said surveyor, or the person so appealing, in that part caqnurt of of Great Britain called Scotland shall apprehend the determina fion. tien made by the said of to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor or person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said of, or the major part of them then prpsent, to state specially and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; which case the said of are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same, to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him transmitted to one of the judges of the court of session, or of the barons of the ex chequer in Scotland, and every such judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified the assessment, which shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed: provided always, That notwithstanding any such case so transmitted to any of the said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said of shall stand with respect to the payments which shall become due precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

XXIII. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the nine Recital of an teenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the secondy AIN 19 Geo. (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon glass, and upon spirituous liquors; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and for obviating some doubts about making out orders at the exchequer for the moneys advanced upon the credit of the salt duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an acts of the last session of parliament,) it was amongst other things enacted, "That there should be raised, leviedy col leftedy and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc ctjforsy the several rates and duties therein expressed on all glass imported into Great Britain, and the several other rates and duties for and upon all the materials or metaly or other preparations whatsoever, made use of in the making of all crowny plate, and flint glass, and all white glass, and in making of common bottles, and all other green glass in Great Britain 5 we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament ass'embled, do think it would be for the advantage of the public to repeal the present rates and duties upon glass imported into Great Britain, and upon the materials or metal made use of in making the several sorts of glass in the said recited oft mentioned and to grant unto your Majesty, in lieu thereof, the several new and additional rates and duties herein after mentioned;

I

From July 5, 7777, tnc duties oij glacs imported, etc. g anted by the before recited 0, to ccafe.

New duties to be paid in lieu thereof.

Foreign ghfs liable to any cuity, widen ilial; be imported cldll deltinely, 10 be forfeited;

1, .,

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

and also that further regulations should be establishedfor the better collection of the said duties: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seven ty seven, the before mentioned duties upon glass imported, and upon the materials or metal used in making the several sorts of glass granted by the said recited act shall cease, determine and be no longer paid or payable, save only and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said rates and duties upon glass, or to any penalties or forfeitures in respect thereof, which shall haveariten 6r grown due and payable to his Majesty, or may have been incurred upon, or at any time before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in lieu thereof, from and after the said fifth day of Wr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon alt glass which shall at any time or times hereafter be imported, or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other customs, subsidies, and duties, by any act or acts of parliament (nowin force and not hereby repealed) imposed upon or payable for the same, the several and respective rates or new duties herein after expressed; (that is to say) for and upon all plate, enamel, stained, and pafle glass, and upon all window glass, whether flatbed or spread, or otherwise manufactured, and upon all other white glass, and upon all cakes which shall be imported and brought into Great Britain, the sum of one shilling and fourpence for every pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity; and for and upon all green glass; and for and upon aft bottles and fhfks, whether the same be filled or empty, which will contain the quantity of a quart, respectively, which shall be imported and brought into Great Britain, the sum of four fhil jings for every dozen; and for and upon all bott es and flasks, whether the same be filled or empty, which will contain morecr Jess than a quart, which shall be imported and brought as afore fail, the sum of four Shillings for every dozen quarts, be the quantity of bottlesgreater or lesser; the said several and respective rates and duties to be paid by the importer or importers thereof respectively.

XXV. And, in order the better to prevent the clandestine importation of any foreign glass, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any foreign glass of any kind, liable to the payment of ny customs, fubiid.es, or duties, by any act or acts of parliament, or law whatsoever, so imported as aforesaid, shall be landed or put on shore out of any ship or veiled, or unshipped with intent to be put on (bore, before due entry be made thereof at the customhouse, in the port or place where the same shall be imported, and the respective duty or duties payable for the same shall be paid or secured, or without a warrant for thelandingo;

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 3s3

delivering of the same, first signed by the of, collectors, or other proper officer or officers of the customs respective iy; all such glass as shall be so landed or put on share, or taken out of any ship or vessel, contrary to the intention of this present act, shall be forfeited, or the value thereot, and shall or may be seized or recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof, by any officer or officers of the customs or excisef; and moreover the and LI e matter master, mate, or other person or persons taking the charge or of the veil!, com/pand of such ship or vessel, and ajl and every other person etc*to toncit'or persons who shall be any ways concerned, or aiding or affiit 100 u ing, in such unshipping or landing of such glass as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the him of one hundred pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Northeast duties That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand fe n the mate ven hundred and seventy seven, there shall be raised, levied, colos

leed, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, which shall hereafter be made use of in the making of glass in Great Britain, (over and above all other rates and duties) by any act or acts of parliament (now in force and not hereby repealed) imposed upon or payable for the same, the several and respective additional rates or new duties herein after expressed; that is to say, for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all plate or flint glass, and of all enamel, stained, or paste glass, and Plate glass of all phial glass, commonly calied, or known by the name of etc. \ Jpothecary or other phials, the sum of eighteen Shillings and eight^pence for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or less quantity; and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of spread window glass, commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glass, a duty Broad glass. of seven Shillings for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity; and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all other window glass, (not being spread glass), whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of Crown Glassy a duty of fourteen Shillings for every hundred Crown glass weight, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity 5 and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of glass now called German Sheet Glats % a duty of four German sheet f$cn Shillings for every hundred weight, ard after that rate for a gl*f*.

greater

SH Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

greater or lesser quantity; and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall Common Bot hereafter be made use of in the making of common bottles, (the ties. lame not being phials), and of vessels made use of in chemical

laboratories, and of garden glalfcs, and of all other vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal, the sum of three Shillings and sixpence for every hundred weight, and after that rate fora greater or lesser quantity; the said several and respective rates and duties to be paid by the maker or makers thereof respectively. Makers of

XXVII. And be it Further enacted by the authority aforesaid, gin's to cuter That all and every person or persons, who, frotn and after the said t fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven!.?

!.? by become a maker or makers of glass, shall make such entry > > t, C and entries, in writing, of their respective names, and of their respective furnaces, pots, pot, chambers, warehouses, rooms, and other places, for making or keeping of glass, or of materials < mixed and prepared for making of glass, and give like notice before they use any pot or pots, for the preparing or making of glass, as makers of glass were by the said recited al directed to make, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect, as by the said recited act is directed.

Dire ions re XX V 111. And whereas in and by the said recitedacf> it is, amongst

Uting to make er things, enacted, That alljuch entries, oaths, or affirmations, there athlete!' n rnentiofu'd'> 05 should be made in all other parts of Great Britain,* without the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, should be made with

or by the respective collectors or supervisors of the iiftricl or divifm within which the respective makers of glass, Jhculd inhabit: and where as maktrs of glass, or some of the partners, often inhabit out of and at such dislance from the di/lricl or dizifion wherein such glass was made, as to render it difficult to carry the said provisions into execution; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such entries, oaths, and affirmations, in and by the said recited act required to be made in all other parts of Great Britain, without the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, shall be made with or by the respective collectors or supervisors of the district or division, within which the respective glasshouses shall be situate, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, and shall be made without any fee or charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

Northeast duties to

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be raised, etc. That the said several duties by this act: imposed within and thoroughly an? on out le^of Great Britain, shall be raised, levied, colder such pe lested, and paid, and be subject to be drawn back upon the ex nalties and portation of such glass, (except in such cases where it is otherwise forfeitures, as directed by this present act), in suchlike form and manner, and b^th^alkjve Wlt^ a^owances, and under such penalties and forfeitures, recited act; and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several and respective duties upon glass, in and by the said recited act and this act > and all and every the powers, authorities.

385

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39;

rities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things therein mentioned, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining, and paying the several and respective rates and duties thereby granted (other than in such cases only for which other penalties Except, etc. are prescribed in and by this present act) shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, to all intents and purposes, as well as for managing, raising, levying Collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the several rates and duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually as if the said act, and all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act; and all the moneys arising by the several rates Duties g ant and duties by this act granted, (the necessary charges of raising, C by this collecting, and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from [jj^excheqer time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer separauly? at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the public revenue.

XXX. And whereas the duties upon glass, granted by the afore red ted act of the nineteenth year of the reign of bislate majesty king George the second, were, together with certain duties upon spirituous liquors, made a fund for the payment of the several annuities granted by the said act; and by an act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said late Majesty king George the second, the same were directed to be carried to the sinking fund, after reserving sufficient to aufwer and pay such annuities on lives at the exchequer as were established by the aforementioned act of the nineteenth year of his said late Majesty;

be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from 63, 0781. 8s. and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and duties hereb* seventy seven, the yearly sum of sixty three thousand and seventy graced, to be eight pounds, eight Shillings, and eight pence, being the amount applied in the of the annual produce into the exchequer of the duties upon same manner glass, hereby repealed, shall, by half yearly sums be reserved8 t.bc*ormejp and set apart, at the said receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth dutlm* day of January and the fifth day ot July in every year, out of the duties hereby granted, and shall be applied to the same uses and purposes as the duties hereby repealed were applicable; and the and the refi residue of the produce of the duties hereby granted shall be car due to be carried to and made a part of the fund commonly called The Sinking [inking hind. Fund, towards making good to the same the charge thereupon for payment of such annuities as shall or may be charged on the said fund by any act of this session of parliament.

XXXI. And whereas, in the manufacturing of all sorts of glass, part of the metal and other materials used for making of glass, are left at the bottom of each pot used for preparing and mixing the same, which cannot be conveniently wrought out, and other wajle doth necessarily happen in the manufacturing of those materials, and the allowances by the J'aid recited act given and provided are not sufficient; it is hereby

further enacted and provided, That in all pots, containing more Allowances to than open hundred weight, used for the preparing and mixing of be made to the

jpetal makers of

386 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39.

[1777. i

glass for metal and other materials for making of flint, enamel, stained

waste. glass, and of all phial glass, an allowance shall be made to

the makers of such glass of one fourth part of the metal oro there materials contained therein, and of one inch deep at the bottom of every such pot; and in small pots, commonly called Pile Ends, which will not contain one hundred weight, and used as aforesaid, an allowance shall be made to such makers of one fifth only of the metal or materials contained therein; and in pots used for the making of crown and plate glass, and of all window glass, whether flaihed or spread, or otherwise manufactured, an allowance shall be made.to such makers of one fourth part of the metal or other materials contained therein, and of four inches deep at the bottom; and in pots used for the making of common bottles (not being phials) and of other vessels or utensils herein before mentioned, to be made of common bottle metal, an allowance shall be made to the makers thereof of one fifth part of the metal or other materials contained therein, and three inches deep at the bottom of every such pot; and the respective of for the inland duties on glass in Great Britain are hereby authorised and required to make the respective allowances herein directed; which allowances are hereby declared to be in full compensation for all waste, damage, or loss whatsoever, except the allowance by the said recited act made and provided where pots used for the preparing and mixing of metal and other materials for making of glass shall crack or break.

gufs makers

XXXII. And be it further enacted by, the authority aforesaid, may work up That if any maker of glass shall be desirous of manufacturingor (n^he bottom working up any of the metal or materials that shall be left in the of their pots, bottom of any pot or pots, for which the allowance shall have after having been made of three inches or four inches at the bottom of such pots given notice respectively to the maker as aforesaid, into any glass wares whatever, officers^of^cx an re Pace offixhours next before he, she, or they, b.c.

dfe. gins to work the same, give notice in writing to the officer of ex

of the division or place where such glass shall be so manufactured

or worked, of his, her, or their intention to manufacture or work the iame, specifying in such notice the particular manufacture dr work he intends to make from such bottoms, and from which pot or pots, and the particular time of beginning 10 work the same; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for every such maker of glass to manufacture and work the said bottoms and the metal and materials in the said bottoms shall, in such case, be chargeable and be charged by the officers for the said duties with the duty of eighteen Shillings and eight pence for every hundred weight, and foin proportion for every greater or leflir quantity; and in every such case, an allowance shall be made to such makers of glass of one inch, and no more, Penalty on at the bottom of every such pot; anything herein before contained doingit, with to the contrary notwithstanding: and if any maker of glass shall outgiving manufacture or work any part of the metal or materials that proper notice. ]cft at tjje bottom Gf any such pqt or pots as aforesaid,

without having given such nonce as herein is directed and required,

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 387

qfcired, such maker of glass shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXIII. And whereas same makers of glass, in giving notice under

the directions of the said recited act, have neglected or refusedtofpecify the true kind and weight of the metal or preparation put into each particular pot used for the making of glass, and have also put in metal or materials into the pot or pots after a gauge of the metal therein hath been taken by the officery under pretence that the same were moyles of glass of the present or of same former making, by which means the revenue is greatly defrauded; for remedy whereof, it is hereby enac. (

ted and declared, That every maker of glass shall, in every no tijs'^otice'to tice hereafter to be given, express in writing the particular time be given by and hour when he intends to begin to fill or charge his pot or glass maker pots, and the account of the true weight of the metal or prepa before they ration to be made use of in each particular pot used for the ma p^gethcir king of glass, and the speciesand particular kind of glass intend P

ed to be made in each pot: and if any maker of glass shall neg Penalty on lector refuse to give the notice by this present act, and the said neglect. recited act, directed and required, or after such notice given, and a gauge taken by the officer of the metal or preparation in their '

pots shall, without a fresh notice in writing, put into any such pot any metal, material or preparation whatsoever, every such maker ot glass shall, in every such case, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXIV Aridfor the more effectual ascertaining the weight and[pedes of the materials or metal, or other preparations madeufeof in the making of glass, and preventing frauds which may be committed therein, or in relation to such notice and account hereby required to be respectively given, and in order that the same may be properly examined,

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Officers of exmay be lawful to and for the gaugers, or other officers of excise, C e way take to take a sample or samples, not exceeding four ounces in the ueriata whole, out of each of the said pats, or any other thing containing out Of each such preparations for making glass as aforesaid, paying for such por, etc. sample or samples (if demanded) the sum of one halfpenny for each ounce; and in case any person or persons shall obstruct or Penalty on, hinder the gaugers, or other officers of excise, in taking such obstructing sample or samples, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXV. And whereas it was further provided by the said a CL That it should be lawful for any perfn or persons who should have actually paid his Majesty's duties by the said act payable for any quantity of glass whatsoever made from any of the materials thereby charged, and to and for any other person or persons, whoffiould buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such quantity of glass from the said person or persons who actually paid his Majesty's duties for the same, to export such glass for any foreign parts, by way bf merchandise, upon the terms, and according to the directions, and with such drawback and allowance, as are therein exp re fed: and whereas glass is often exported in such quantities according to the demands of the markets beyond the fas, and the manner hereby prescribed for obtaining such drawback and allowance is attended

with difficulty to the exporters, for the encouragement therefore of

the

V

Any of rfon who has paid the duties granted by this act, and the recited act, for any quantity of glass, may export the same from any yea port, etc. near the glasshouse,

in the presence of an officer of excise::

on proving that the duty hath been paid, etc.

the collector shall give a certificate 3

on producing whereof to the officer of excite at the port of exportation, etc.

and on giving security that the whole of the said glass shall be exported, etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1777.

the glass manufacturers and exporters of glass in Great Britain, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, who have actually paid or been charged with his majesty's duties by this prefer.t aft, or by the said recited act respectively, payable for any quantity of glass whatsoever, made from any of the materials thereby respectively charged, and to and for any other person or persons who shall buy, or be lawfully in titled to any such quantity of glass, from the said person or persons who actually paid hismajesty's duties for the same, to export such glass for any foreign parts, by way of merchandise, in any seaport, or upon any navigable river near to which such glasshouse shall be situated, within any of the usual and allowed ports by law established, for and upon account of himself or any other, in the presence of an officer of excise, to be appointed by the respective commissioners of excise in Great Britain, upon twelve hours notice thereof being given to the said officer of excise within the limits whereof the said glass shall be exported (who is hereby empowered and required to see the said glass weighed); and proof being madeupon oath, or by affirmation, in case the person be a known quaker, by the clerk or chief manager of the respective glasshouse where such glass was made that the duty of such glass hath been respectively paid or charged according to the directions of this present or the said recited act, expressing the quantity and weight of such glass; and also like oath or affirmation by such clerk or chief manager, or of one or more person or persons having knowledge of the packing and intended exportation thereof, 'expressing the quality and weight of such glass, and that no broken nor waste glass hath been packed with, nor is included in, any box, grate, or other package containing the said glass, and that the same glass is to be really and truly exported beyond the seas as merchandise; and thereupon the collector for the said duties upon glass, or such other person or persons as shall be deputed by the said respective commissioners of excise to act in his absence, shall give to such person or persons gratis a certificateor certificates, expressing the qualities and weight of such glass, and that the duties are paid, or charged for the same as aforesaid; which certificate being produced to the officer of excise at the port where the said glass shall be exported, and oath or affirmation as aforesaid being made by the exporter, or his clerk or chief manager, before the officer of excise of the said port (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same without any fee or charge) that the said glass so exported is the same mentioned and described in the said certificate, and sufficieftt security being given before the shipping thereof for exportation, to be approved of by the said respective commissioners of excise, or the person or persons to be respectively appointed by them for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular glass which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the same, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain;

which

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 389

which security the officer of excise of the said port where such glass shall be exported is hereby directed and authorised to take, in his majesty's name, and to his use'of the security directed by the said recited act to be taken by the customer or collector of the respective port for such exportation; and then the said officer of excise of the said port where such glass shall be exported, shall give a certificate under his hand, expressing, the quality and true weight of the glass so exported, and that the same was shipped in his presence, and that sufficient security has been given for the due exporting thereof; which certificate being produced to the collector appointed to receive the said duties upon glass, or such collector of the port where the said glass was exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow to the persons or agents so exporting the same a drawback or a drawback allowance of eighteen Shillings and eight pence per hundred shall be paid, weight for all plate, flint, enamel, (tained, or paste glass, and for all phial glass, made in Great Britain; and seven Shillings per hundred weight for all spread window glass made in Great bri tan; and fourteen Shillings per hundred weight for all other window glass (not being spread glass) whether flashed of otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of crown glass, made in Great Britain, and fourteen Shillings per hundred weight for all glass called German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain 5 and three Shillings and sixpence per hundred weight for all common bottles, not being phials, and for all o there vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal made in Great Britain 5 and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity: and if such collector shall not have money in his hands to pay the same, then the said respective commissioners of excise in Great Britain are required to pay the said certificate or certificates out of the duties upon glass, arising by this or the said recited act.

XXXVI. And whereas it frequently happens that the collectors of the duties, under the management of the commissioners of excise, who are by law requiredand empowered to administerthe oath or affirmation, and thereupon to give certificates that fych duties have been duly paid or securedy are frequently absent from home in the execution of other parts of their duty, whereby the exportation of such wares or merchandise may be greatly delayed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such perfort or commission persons as shall be appointed by the commissioners of excise in ers of excise Great Britain respectively for the time being, or the major part to appoint of theiri, within their several districts, to administer such oath or rotnutevoaths* affirmation, in the absence of the respective collectors, to the per in the absence fons so applying for the same, in order to export such wares and of coue&ori, merchandizes as aforesaid, and to give gratis to such persons such certificate or certificates as required by the several acts whereby such duties are respectively charged upon such wares or merchandizes, in the same manner as the collectors of excile are by law required and empowered to do.

X xxvii'and whereas frauds have been committed by relanding or unshipping ofglafi % after being entered and slipped for exportation, and Q alf$

alty on udulently anding, ctc fs shipped exporta i

enter ng ken or tie glass.

glass ma rete. to

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 39. (1777.'

clfo by entering broken glass or wajle glass for exportation, in order to obtain the drawback or allowance for the same*at if it was glass exported for merchandise, which was the true intent and meaning of the said recited atl \ now the better to prevent liich abuses, be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if, after the shipping of any glass to be exported purfdant to this present act, in order to obtain the respective allowances or drawbacks therein mentioned, the glass so shipped to be exported, or any part thereof, shall be fraudulently unshipped, unladled, relanded, or put into any other ship, vessel, or boat, within the kingdom of Great Britain, that then, and in every such case, over and above all other penalties and forfeitures, the exporter or exporters of such glass, and all and every person and persons who shall be any ways concerned, or aiding or assisting, in fraudulently unshipping, unlacting, relanding, or putting into any other ship, vessel, or boat, any part of the said glass, in any part of Great Britain, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofethe sum of one hundred pounds $ and every person and persons who shall knowingly enter, or cause or suffer to be entered, any broken or wade glass for exportation, with intent that any drawback or allowance (hold be obtained, shall, over and above all other penalties and forfeitures, for every such offence, also forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVIII nd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, being a maker of glass, or whoisor

as a justice shall beany way interested in, or concerned in, the trade or bufi y matter nck main or, n any glass*house or glasshouses already ting toiht or hereafter to be setup, shall, during such time as he shall be so ties on concerned or interested in such glats manufacture, trade, bufi

ness, or glasshouse as aforesaid, or in any of the said trades or

bufinestes, be capable, or have any power to act as a justice of the peace in any matter or thing whatsoever which shall any ways concern the execution of the powers of authorities given or granted by this present actor any other aof parliament relating to the duty or duties imposed upon glass, or upon the materials for making of glass; in calc any such person or persons shall contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof presume to execute any such powers or authorities, it is hereby enacted and delcared. That all and every such ad so done by such person or persons shall be null and void to ail intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXXIX. And whereas there m y have been contracts or bargains made for the purchase and foie C homemade glass and bottles, to be delivered and received at future times after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred arjseventy seven; contract sandbargainss

H cont 6k^rafon of the duties on glass and glass bottles hereby imposed, can home nct be complied with by the Jellers without great loss and damage; be it ade glass or therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all contracts fs bottles, or bargains made, or to be made, before the said fifth day of lc^onli July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, for the d beforer" Purchase and sale of homemade glass or glass bottles, to be defy 5* 1777$ iivered and received at any future time or times, which shall not be void, be

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 391

be performed and complied with on or before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, null and void, and of no effect; and in case any sum or sums of money shall have been advanced and all money and paid by any purchaser or purchasers for or on account of any advanced on homemade glass or glass bottles, which shall not be delivered on account of or before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred jrafts^to be and seventy seven, all such sums of money shall be forthwith re repaid with paid to the person or persons who shall have advanced and paid interest. the same, together with legal interest for the same, from the time and times that such sum or sums of money shall have been respectively advanced and paid.

XL. And it is hereby enacted, That if any maker of glass, or Penalty on any other person or persons, shall obstruct or hinder any of the persons ob said officers in the execution of any of the powers given him or cerhn ?he" them by this act for ascertaining and Securing the said duties execution of upon glass, the person or persons so offending therein shall, for e this act. very such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority Penalties and aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act forfeitures imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by howto be re such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeit ![ed.a0 ure is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, orby this act, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, plenalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or theqi who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XLII. And whereas it has been found by experience, that the rates and duties artfing by an act, made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty Several rates and duties, payable by all persons and bodies politic orcorporatehavingcertainquanthies of silver plate, are very vexathus and troublesome in the levying and colie fling the same, and of small advantage to the public k; be it therefore en aft ed by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after Act 19 Geo II the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy ^orgrantir\g seven, the several annual rates and duties charged by the said rees" tp^cited aft shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or pay pealed.*Able; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and r authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations established and prescribed by the said recited act, or by any other act or acts of parliament for or in relation to the managing, Securing, ascer|aining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said rates and duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put. in execution; save only and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said rates and duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any timebefore the said fifth

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1777.

day of July, one thousand seven hundred j nd seventy seven; anything herein before contained to the con rary notwithstanding. fons fucd

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the ai ithorityaforesaid, That

executiryg if any person or persons shall, at anytime Dr times, besued, mo^emay lested, or prosecuted, for anything by hie 1 or them done or ex eral issue ccute^ n pursuance of this act, 01 of any lause, matter, or thing*herein contained, such person or persons I hall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter n evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendjnts, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

recover ble coils.

CAP. XL

An act to anther ife the carrying of the captures therein mentioned inti any part of his Majesty's dominions in North America; and for efeertaining the value of such part ofships and goods as belong a the recaptors.

ramble.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to prohibit

i6geo. 3. all trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hampjbirt,

Majfachvfet's Bay, Rhode Istand, Connecticut, New York, New jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Morj* land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing anidif charging, lading or shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of Boston, in the province of massa chufet's Bay; and also two acts, made in the last session of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned;,) it was (amongst other things) provm and enabled, That no captures which should be taken by virtue of the said act, should be carried into any of the colonies or plantations in America, therein before particularly mentioned, during and so long time os such colonies or plantations respectively should continue in a state of rebellion:

and whereas many such captures have been, finee the paffwgtf the said act, carried into the port and harbour of New York, and it

may be expedient to allow that such captures should be carried into the said port and harbour, or into any other port, harbour, or place, in his Majesty's dominions aforesaid, provided the same be dine with the consent, licence, and warrant, of the said person or persons, appointed ani authorised by his Majestyto grant a pardon or pardons to any number or description of per]'ons\ be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament #. assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and

vrto may fr person or persons, appointed and author

i*it part: \zqd by his Majesty to grant pardons, as aforesaid, and they, or F cither

By perfoi

II Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 40. 393

cither or any of them, are hereby empowered to grant his or dons, etc. mar their licence or warrant, authorising any captor or captors, or grant a licence any other person or persons whatsoever in their behalf, to carry any such captures into any port, harbour, or place, in any of any port in his majesty's dominions aforesaid j anything in the said at con America, tained to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all All captures such captures which have been already carried into the said Port carried and harbour of New York, or which, before the first day of, nto the har August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall be bour of New carried in there, or into any of his majesty's dominions, with orb such licence and warrant aforesaid, shall be deemed to have^ore^l, j, je,been lawfully carried into such port or harbour; and after con carried Into demnation as lawful prize, the same shall and may, with the any of his like licence and warrant, be exported from thence, and brought majesty's do and imported into this kingdom, or any other of his majesty's dominions, upon payment of the same customs and duties, and at0relaid, shall subject to the same restrictions and regulations in all other re be deemed to spects, as the same now are subject to by the said recited a; have beenlaw anything therein to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. facte*"*

III. And whereas, fence the paying of the said act, several ships*and vessels, with their cargoes, which had been taken by the inhabit

tants of same of his Majestys rebellious colonies or plantations in taken America, and were afterwards retaken, have been condemned in the from, lls ma courts of admiralty or vice admiralty in the West Indies, and in jesty subjects America, and afterwards sold, in order to ascertain one eigh h part aoc in r*bci' of the value of fetch ships, vessels, and cargoes, to which the recaptors ^ch shall be are entitled by virtue of the said act; by means whereof the original reuken, ownerj, and others interested therein, have been greatly damnified: for remedy whereof be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any ship, vessel, or boat, taken by virtue of the said actor any goods therein, shall appear and be proved, in any courts of admiralty or vice admiralty aforesaid, to have belonged to any of his majesty's subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the dominions and territories remaining and continuing in their allegiance to the King, and under his majesty's protection, and to have been taken or surprised by any of the inhabitants of his majesty's rebellious colonies or plantations therein before mentioned, and to be in the possession or power of such unlawful captor at the time of such retaking \ then, and in such case, such ships, vessels, boats, and goods, belonging to such his majesty's subjects remaining and continuing under his protection and obedience, as aforesaid, shall in all cases be ?shall be reftor judged to be restored, and shall be, by decree of the said vice cdtothcown admiralty court, accordingly restored to such owner or owners, cr* he or they paying one eighth of the value thereof to the recap on paying tors, or giving good and sufficient security, to the l*atisfa<tien of the recaprors, to pay one eighth of the true value of such Jticreot.0 ship and goods so retaken, for and in lieu of salvage: and for ascertaining such one eighth part, where it shall be judged necessary by the owner or owners of such vessel or boat, or the goods therein (9 retaken as aforesaid, to be reipoved into any

394 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 41. [1777.

other port or place in order to be sold or disposed of, the judge of the vice admiralty court, in which the said ship and goods Veto Is, etc to shall be decreed to be restored, shall forthwith cause the same to be appraised^by persons to be named by the claimant and recaptors; or if they do not agree, to be appointed by the court, and sworn truly to appraise the same according to the bed of but not sold their (kill and knowledge; and that no ship, vessel, or boat, or without the goods, wares, and merchandizes laden therein, so retaken as owners the aforesaid, shall be sold or disposed of for the purpose of paying any such salvage or eighth part, or on any other account what excent, etc. soever, unless by the consent of the owners; except in cases

where there shall be no claim for such retaken ships, vessels, boats, or goods; in which case the judge of the said vice admiralty court shall order as much of the cargo, after having been appraised as aforesaid, to be sold, as will be sufficient to pay the recaptors the one eighth of the value of the ship and cargo, and the expenses of the appraisement and sale; and if the cargo be not sufficient for that purpose, then the ship or vessel to be jike wise sold, and the remainder, after paying the said salvage, to be deposited in the registry of such vice admiralty court, for the benefit of the owners who shall thereafter apply for and claim the same; and except also in such cases where any part of the cargo shall appear to be in a periling condition; in which case the said judge shall direct the sale of such perithing part, for the benefit of the person concerned therein.

CAP. XL

An act to prevent the clandefine un/hipping from and receiving goois at sea on board vejfeh employed in the east-india company s service for of attaining the manner of discharging bonds given for the dut exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts \ and to oblige the masters of British or Irish Ships, Gaoling from anj of his Majesty's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifejh of their cargoes to the British consul residing the re.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS /fo laws heretofore made to prevent the clanie* fine running of goods from onboard Ships employed in the fir, vice of the east-india company on their homeward voyages, and the receiving of goods on board such Ships at sea on their outward voyages from this kingdom, are infuffeient to answer those purposes, it having been found by experience that very large quantities of muf ins, teas, and other goods, are unshipped from on boprd such Ships into vejfeh that meet them at sea on their voyages homeward, which goods are afterwards run on Shore on the coal of this kingdom without payment of duties; and also that large quantities of wine, brandy, and other goods, arc clandestinely laden and put on board Ships employed in the said company's service on their outward bound voyages at sea, from vejfeh that wait hovering for them upon the coaf of this kingdom, laden with such goods from foreign parts; to the great loss of the publick revenue, the detriment of the east-india company, and the prejudice of the fair traders.: for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 41. 395

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Penalty on from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven unshipping hundred and seventy seven, if any muftin, tea, or other goods,*fca wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, shall be unshipped at sea, homewyrd ?nd taken out of any ship or vessel employed in the service of bound veflvl the said East India company, on her voyage homeward to this employed by kingdom, at any distance from the coasts thereof (unless in case of apparent necessity, or some other lawful reason, of which the any'dhtance matter, commander, or other person having charge of such ship from the or vessel, shall give immediate notice to, and make proof of be coasts of this sore, the collector and comptroller, or the chief officer or officers f

of the customs, at the first port of this kingdom where he shall of necessity) all such muslin, tea, or other goods, wares, and mer etc.) chandizes, and every ship, vessel, or boat, into which the same shall be unshipped and taken, or which shall used in the removing, carrying, or conveying the same, shall be forfeited and lost; and the master, commander, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel from which such goods shall be so unftiipped and taken', knowingly permitting or suffering such goods to be (b unshipped and taken out of such ship or vessel, and every other person who shall be aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unshipping or receiving of such goods, shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore or on putting

said. That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, any

if any wine, brandy, or other goods whatsoever, shall be laden outward

or put on board any ship or vessel, employed in the service of bound, after the said East India company, at sea, at any distance from the (he has left the coasts of this kingdom, after such ship or vessel hath been cleared prt f Lon* outwards, and departed from the port of Londonon her outward w^e2brandy bound voyage (excepting such provisions and stores as shall be etc.*

necessary for the use and fufinance of the persons on board such f

ship or vessel during the voyage) all such wine, brandy, and thr 1*other goods, and every ship, vessel, or boat, out of and from persons on which such wine, brandy, or other goods, shall be so unladen, board during shall be forfeited and lost; and the master, commander, or other the voya&e* person having the charge of such East India ship, knowingly permitting or ruffering any such goods to be so taken on board such ship, and every other person who shall be aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unshipping or receiving of the said goods, shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalties and all penalties and forfeitures, as well specific as pecuniary, by forfeitures this act imposed, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered andc* covered, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, appi^d.

by action, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of his majesty's attorney-general, or in the name of some officer or officers of the customs, by the same rules, methods, ways, and means, as other penalties and forfeitures induced for offences against the laws for securing the revenue of customs are and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered; and that one third part of - E e 3 all

396

After Sept9, 1777, no bond which shall be given for the exportation of prohibited good, or goods entitled to a drawback, shall be discharged, until proper certificates shall be produced of the exportation and landing thereof.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 41. [1777.

all such penalties and forfeitures shall be to the use of his majesty, his heirs and successors, one other third part thereof to the use of the said united company, and the remaining third part thereof to the officer or officers of the customs who shall inform and prosecute for the same.

IV. And whereas the provisions made by law for the discharging bonds, entered Into for the due exportation of goods which are prohibited to be worn or used in this kingdom, or which are entitled to & drawback, bounty, or premium upon exportation into foreign parts, have been found insufficient to answer the purposes intended, three being great reason to believe the certificates of such goods being landed abroad have, in many cases, been fraudulently obtained, notwithstand ing the goods have been relanded in Great Britain, contrary to the condition of such bonds; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, no bond, which shall be given in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament for the due and regular exportation of any gopds, which now are or hereafter may be prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, or which now are or hereafter may be entitled to any drawback, bounty, or premium, payable out of any money arising by the revenue of customs upon exportation from this kingdom into foreign parts, shall be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until certificates shall be produced of the exportation to and landing such goods at the pons and places mentioned in such bonds, or until proof be made upon oath in relation thereto, in such manner and form as is herein after directed; that is to say; in case any such goods shall be entered for exportation to Ireland, theiflandsof Guirnfey, Jerfej, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, a certificate shall be produced under the hand and seal of the collector and comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs where such goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof, and describing the number of the calks, cherts, or other package containing the same, and the particular marks of such casks, chests, or package; and the condition of all such bonds to be given for the exportation of such goods to Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, shall be to produce such certificate within six calendar months from the date of such bond, the danger of the seas and enemies excepted; and the condition of all such bonds to be given fortbc exportation of any such goods to the British colonies or plantations in America, shall be to produce such certificate in eighteen calendar months from the date of such bond, the dangers of the seas and enemies excepted: and in case any such goods shall be entered for exportation to any other part of Europe, such bond shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until a like certificate shall be produced, under the hand and seal of the British consul, or other person acting as such, who shall be refluent at the port or place where such goods shall be landed; or if there be no such British consul, or person adtingas such, refilling the re, then under the hand and common seal of the chief

magi

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 41.

magistrate for such port or place; and the condition of fuel last mentioned bonds shall be to produce such certificate in fifteen calendar months from the date of such bonds, the danger of the seas and enemies excepted: and if any such goods shall be entered for exportation to any place within the limits of the East India company's charter, such bonds shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until a like certificate shall be produced, under the hands and seals of the governor and council at and for the place where such goods shall be landed; and the condition of all such bonds shall be to produce such certificates within thirty calendar months from the date of such bonds, the danger of the seas and enemies excepted: and in case any such goods shall be entered for exportation to any parts beyond the seas in Africa, such bonds shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until a like certificate shall be produced, under the hand and seal of the collector or other chief officer of the customs, if any such officer shall be established at the place where such goods shall be landed; and if no such officer shall be established there, then and in that case not until a like certificate shall be produced, under the hand and seal of the British consul, or other person acting as such, the place where such goods shall be landed; and the condition of all such bonds as shall be given for the exportation of such goods to any part of Africa, where any officer of the customs shall or may be established, or where any British consul, or person acting as such, may be resident, shall be to produce such respective certificates within eighteen calendar months from the date of such bonds: and if such goods shall be entered for exportation to or landed at any part of Africa, where no officer of the customs (half be established, or no British consul, or person acting as such, shall be resident, then and in that case such bonds shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until proof is made by the oath of the master and mate, or other person having the charge of the ship or vessel during the voyage in which such goods were exported, that the (hid goods, and every part thereof, were fairly landed or disposed of in or on some part of the coast of Africa, and had not been relanded in Great Britain, Ireland, or the ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro; and by the oath of the merchant exporter, if living, that, to the best of his, her, or their knowledge and belief, the said goods had been landed or disposed of at the place or places mentioned in the oath made by the master and mate, or other person taking the charge of the ship or vessel during the voyage, and have not been brought back again or relanded in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro \ which oaths shall be made within eighteen calendar months from the date of each respective bond, before the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs for the port where such bond was given, who are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer the same: and in case no such certificates shall be respectively produced, or proof made as aforesaid, within the respective times herein before

E C 4

mentioned

Commanders of British or Irish vessels, within 10 days after

39s Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1777.

mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the commhboners of his majesty's customs in England or Scotland, or arty three or more of them respectively, to cause such bonds to be put in'suit, unless they shall find Sufficient cause to forbear the same,

any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby further erratfted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, where any british or lrifl) ship or vessel shall sail from Great Britain or irt arrival at any, land, or any other part of his majesty's dominions, to any port port in the or pacem the Balticl, where any consul now is or hereafter may abritilhcon*be appointed for his majesty's subjects trading thither, the full retides, master, commander, or other person having the charge of such shall deliver to ship or vessel, shall, within ten days after the arrival of such ship him, in writ or v*ftel at such port or place, deliver to the said consul residing cufars of their^erc* or9 such other person or persons as shall be appointed cargo, etc. for that purpose by him, a true manifest in writing, upon oath, specifying the particulars of the whole cargo of such Ihrpor vessel, with the marks and numbers of the package containing the same, if unloaded or delivered there, or of such part thereof as shall be so unloaded or delivered there, and to whom consigned; which oath such consul, or other person or persons to be appointed by him, is and are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer gratis; and in case any master, commander, or other person having the charge of any such ship or vessel, shall negletft or refuse to deliver such manifest in the manner herein directed, such consul, or other person or persons appointed by him, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to detain the clearance outwards of such ship or vessel, and not to give or deliver any dispatch, passport, or bill of health, for any such ship or vessel. pefendants, in^VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 5ng to this act, ^any a<^on or suit commenced against any person or

may plead thepersons fr anything done in pursuance of this athe defen general issue, dant or defendants in such aeftion or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant and defendants $ and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, ordifeon tinue his aeftion after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given, upon any verdicttor demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have; the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law.

CAP. XLII.

An act for preventing abuses in the mating and vending brich

and tiles.

[Preamble.]

W H ER E made for regulating the itt

f menftom of bruts for ale, and for fixing the lengths, breadths,

'end

and recover treble costs.

S

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 399

and thicknesses of pantiles, have expired, f Arr* IV at present no

provision made by any law for that purpose: and whereas many inconveniences have arisen to the public by frauds committed in lessening the size of bricks under their usual proportion without any diminution of price: for remedy whereof and for the common good and benefit of your Majesty's subjects, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from After July 1, and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and 1777*aH brick seventy seven, all bricks which shall be made or burnt for falc in any part of England, shall, when burnt, be not less than eight |*nbe gals inches and an half long, 'and not less than two inches and an inches long, half thick, and not less than four inches wide; and that all pan*thick, tiles which shall, from and after the said first day of July, one and Wide thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, be made for sale in ad all pan any part of England, shall, when burnt, be not less than their inches bng* teen inches and an half long, and not less than nine inches and9f_half wide, an half wide, and not less than half an inch thick., and half an

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and inch thick, persons who, at any time or times from and after the said first Penalty on dayt)f July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, making bricks shall make any bricks or pantiles for sale, which, when burnt, or tiles of left shall be of less dimensions in length, breadth, or thickness, than dmi*n 0d, # the same are herein before prescribed to be, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings for every thousand of bricks, and the sum of ten Shillings for every thousand of pantiles, and'-

so proportionably for a greater or lesser number of bricks or pantiles that shall be so made for sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the size of the sieve or Mafliesof fereens for sifting or fereening sea coal ashes to be mixed with

brick earth in the making of bricks, shall not exceed one quarter an a quarter of an inch between the mashes of such sieve or Screen. of an inch

IV. And, for preventing all combinations amongst any brick makers asunder.

or tile makers) in order to advance or inhance the price of bricks or ah contracts

tiles, be it further enacted, That all and every contradf or con for ingrossing

tracts, covenant or covenants, agreement or agreements, whe J Wricks and

there the same be in writing or not, heretofore made or entered

into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any frcje fas

brick maker or tile maker, or any other persons whatsoever thereof, etc.

concerned or interested, or to be concerned or interested, in the foall he void.

making of any bricks or tiles for sale, for ingrossing of bricks

and tiles, or for restraining or hindering any person or persons

whomsoever, from freely selling the same, or for limiting or

fixing any certain price or prices, under which the same shall not be sold, shall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null,

and void, to all intents and purposes: and if any brick make phy

or tile maker, or other person concerned or interested, or to be

concerned or interested, in the making of bricks or tiles for sale, juiyi, */,

shall shall enter in

Die jed by

400 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 42, [1777.

to, signor shall at any time after the said first day of July, one thousand Comintern, seven hundred and seventy seven, keep up, continue, a in, tia6t.uc cn" make enter into, sign, seat, or be knowingly interested or concerned in any such contract, covenant, or agreement, hereinbefore declared to be illegal, null, and void, or shall knowingly act or officiate therein as clerk, agent, or servant, to or for any person so contracting, agreeing, or acting, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay in manner following; (that is to say,) every brick maker or tile maker, or other person concerned or interested in making bricks or tiles for sale, the sum of twenty pounds; and every clerk, agent, or servant, the sum of ten pounds; one moiety of which penalties shall go and be applied to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall sue for the same, within six calendar months next after the said offence'shall have been committed; to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, wager of law, or protection, shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance given.

Penalties and

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first foi feitures day of Jufy % one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, all niay be levied penalties and forfeitures inflicted or authorised to be imposed, by diitrcfsj the manner of levying of which harl not been otherwise provided for, shall and may, upon proof of the offences respectively, and conviction before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, be levied by did refs and falc of the goods and chattels of the party or parties offending, by warrant or warrants under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any,

after deduding the said penalties and foi feitures, and the charges of such distress and falc, to the owner or owners of fqch goods and chattels; and such justice is hereby authorised and impow ered to hear and determine the same, either by confession of the party or parties, or by the oath of one credible witness, and is also authorised and required to grant such warrant for the purposes aforesaid, and to administer such oath gratis; and all such penalties and forfeitures shall from time to time be paid, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offender or offenders shall live; or in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, for the county, riding, division, or place where the matter shall arise, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every justice qr

juflictf

and shall he paid, half to the informer, and halt to the poor of the parish.

On failure of d lit refs, offender to be committed.

How justices to proceed for

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 401

justices of the peace, before whom any person or persons shall be conviction of convicted of any offence against: this act, shall and may cause offenders, the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any form of words to the same effect, as the case may be videlicet:

BE it remembered, That on the day of form of con

in the year of our Lord viction.

A.B. is convicted before me C D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county ox place, (as the case may be;,) [specifying the offence, time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be. J

Given under my hand and seal, the day and year aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no information penalty inflicted by this act, in respect of the dimensions of to be laid bricks or tiles, shall be recovered, unless the information shall within a be laid within the space of one calendar month next after the ddlve sale or delivery of such bricks or tiles, nor shall any person bery# ctc, liable to more than one penalty for any one offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Persons ag fons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by anything grieved may done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may, app*l to the within the space of four calendar months after the cause f 2pn[tcr feu complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the justices of the peace*at any general quarter sessions of the peace, for the county,: riding, division, or place, wherein the cause of complaint shall arise, such appellant giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one entire days notice, at the least, in writing, of his, her, or their n ghring it intention to bring such appeal, and of the cause or matter there dayanotice, of, to the person or persons whose acts are complained against; and within eight days after such notice, entering into a recognisance before some such justice as aforesaid, with two sufficient'conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justice at such quarter sessions; and the said justices, upon due proof of the notice so given, and of the recognisance so taken, shall proceed to hear and determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the party appealing or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper, and the deter determinati tnination of such quarter sessions shall be binding and conclusiveon of the fef* to all intents and purposes; and no order made, concerning any ^onstobc of the matters aforesaid, or any other proceedings, to be hadfana touching the conviction of any offender against this act, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

[Preamble.]

Act i Car recited.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 43. [1777.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repealing the eleventh rule in the boek of rates, so far at the same relates to making any allowance upon the importation cf damaged currants and raisins, and for making the importer cf such goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the Asaid rule with respect to such allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, for a limited time.

WHEREAS by the eleventh rule in the book of rates, annexed and referred to by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majfly King Ovaries the Second, (entitled, A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other sums of money payable upon merchandise exported and imported) which has been continued by several subsequent acts of parliament, and is now in forte, excepting such alterations os have been since made with respect to wines and tobacco, it is provided, That if any tobacco, or other goods or merchandise, brought into this kingdom, ball receive any damage by salt water, or otherwise, so thit the owner thereof shall be prejudiced in the sale of such goods, the principal officers of the custom house, or any two of them, whereof the collector for the time being to be one, shall have power to choose two indifferent merchants, experienced in the value of such goods, who, upon vift ting the said goods, shall certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths first administered by the said officers, what damage such goods have received, and are lessened in their true value and according to such damage, in relation to the rates seton them in the said book of rates, the said officers are to make a proportionable abatement, unto the merchant or owner, of the subsidy due for the same: and whereat frequent disputes do arise between the officers of the customs and that merchants in adjusting the allowances which currants and raisins may deserve and be entitled to, it having been found by experience extremely difficult to distinguish what damage such goods have received by unavoidable aaident in the course of the voyage, from the natural and consequential decay some of these articles are particularly liable to from heating, if of an inferior quality, or packed in bad condition before they are stopped in foreign parts, which has put the merchants, trading in these commodities at different ports in this kingdom, upon a very unequal footing, and been very prejudicial to the publici revenue: now, for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri tuar and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament After June4, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and ruse7inti|he, Ith aler ^wenty tourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, the said eleventh rule, annexed to the said book of rates, so far as the same relates to currants and raisins, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, made void, and shall no longer be put in practice; anything in the said act of tonnage and poundage, or in any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

book of rates, so far as it re lates to currants anti rai (ins, shall be repea.cd.

1777.] Anno decimo septimogeorgh ITI. c. 43. 403

II. And whereas it may be nasonable to make the merchants im Certain deporting such goods a certain compensation for the allowance they would

be entitled to out of the several duties, in proportion to the different jjlnjes payable damage such goods may be liable to whereby the revenue may be colon the impor ledled with greater certainty, and not so liable to abuse, be it farther tation of cur enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the ra.lits ami said twenty-fourth day of June it shall and may be lawful fof raims'

the proper officers of the customs, at the several ports in this kingdom, to make the following abatement or deduction, from the net amount of the duties payable upon the importation of the several goods herein after expressed, to the merchant or merchants importing the same; that is to say, for currants, eight pounds per centum; for raisins solis, one pound centum; for Smyrna raisins, six pounds per centum; for Lipari Faro, Belvidere, and great of Ltxia raisins, ten pounds per centum; and for Denia raisins, twenty pounds per centum 5 which said several abatements shall be deemed and taken to be in lieu of all former allowances such goods were respectively entitled to in consideration of any damage whatsoever $ law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore No ^bateroent said. That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, t{je dues oil" one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, no abatement any other

or allowance shall be made in the duties for any other goods goodi, by vir whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of the said eleventh rule din

the book of rates herein before recited, for or on account of lef* the impor any damage such goods may have received, unless the importer ter shall prove or owner of such goods shall prove, to the satisfaction of the they are da of of his majesty's customs at London or Edinburgh jp*ged respectively, or to the collector and comptroller of the customs ecacci Cn*at the out ports of this kingdom where such goods may be imported, that such goods are damaged, and are lessened in their true value, by means of some unavoidable accident which happened to them during the course of the voyage, after such goods' were shipped and laden in foreign parts on board such ship or vessel importing the same, and before such goods were landed in this kingdom; anything in the said rule, or any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas, by an act of parliament, made in the thirteenth An act of 15 and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, inti & 14 Car. tuled, An act against exporting of sheep, wool, wool fells, mort rcs, ted' lings, shortlings, yarn made of wool, wool flocks, fullers earth,fullingclay, and tobacco pipe clay,) and by several other act s of parliament which are now in force, the exportation of tobacco pipe

clay from this kingdom into foreign parts is prohibited: and whereas

tobacco pipe clay is absolutely necessary and useful in the cleaning and improving of powdered sugars, and is at this time very much wanted

for that purpose in the British sugar colonies and plantations in the

West Indies, and it is expedient to permit the exportation thereof to

the said colonies for a limited time; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, fi-om and after the twenty-fourth, day From June,*

of'777, to June

404

*4* 779> tobacco pipe clay may be, exported to the British fu

colonie

m the West Indies.

[Preamble.]

a&sai Geo.i. further continued for four years.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 44. [1777.

of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to export, from any port in this kingdom, any quantity of tobacco pipe clay to any British sugar colony or plantation in the West Indies, in any ship or vessel that may lawfully trade thither; anything in the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding,

CAP. XLIV.

An act to continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to eft C cur ageing the making of indico in the British plantations in America; to the regi/lering the prices at which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak hark, when the price of suck bark shall exceed a certain rate \ to the allowing timber and wood to be exported from the island of Dominica into any other of the British islands, colonies, or plantations in America, and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of british made cordage.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned have, by experience, been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that ir may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an 2d, made in the twenty firrt year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for encouraging the making of indico in the Brmfc plantations in America, which was to continue in force for seven years from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the tl; en next session of parliament; and which, by another act of the twenty eiehth year of his said late majesty's reign, is further continued from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another ad, made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue and amend two alls, made in the twenty first and twenty eighth years of his late Majesty's reign, for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America and sir extending the provisions of an all of the thirtieth year of his late mo jc/iy reign, with respdl to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods taken since the late declaration of war with Spain, is further continued tram the expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another ad, made in the tenth year

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 44. 405

of the reign of his present Majesty, is further continued until the twenty-fifth day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session or parliament; shall be, and the same, together with all the provisions, regulations, restrictions, powers, and clauses, mentioned in the said recited act of the third year of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to encouraging or concern the making of indico in the British plantations in America, is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Aft 10 Geo.

an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, 3* further intituled An act for registering the prices at which corn is sold in the ^j^nuarsr several counties oj Great Britain, and the quantity exported and im C y

ported, which was to continue in force for fevefi years, and from

thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the expiration thereof for the further term of seven years, and frofri thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Act ugeo.

That an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present 3* further Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging the manufacture of lea for

tker, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, y

when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate for a limited timey which was to continue in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That So much of aa so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign Of

his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue and amend an act, ^exporting made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled timber from An act for opening and establishing certain ports in the islands Dominica to

of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and ex 1!}*

-^11 _______ 1 >/* / .* islands, etc.

portation of certain goods and merchandtfes; for granting cer in America.

tain duties to defray the expenses of opening, maintaining, fe further contt curing, and improving such ports; for ascertaining the duties tonued for five be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island ofycars* Dominica into this kingdom; and for feeuring the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other British colony; and for allowing timber and wood to be exported from the said if and of Dominica into any other of the British islands y colonies, orpunta tionsin America, for a limited time; as relates to allowing timber and wood to be exported from the island of Dominica into any other of the British islands, colonies, or plantations in America for a limited time, which was to continue in force until the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the enc of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the ex

0 piration

40 6

Act 6 Geo. 3. further continued for four years.

[Preamble.]

Acts 3 Geo. 1. recited.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1777.

piration thereof, until the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing a bounty on the exportation of british made cordage; and for discontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rough'bemp exported; which was to be in force from the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was amended, and further continued for the term of three years; and which, by another act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, ifom the expiration thereof, for the further term of four years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

WHEREAS by a clause in an act of parliament, passed in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for explaining an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates and for enlarging the time for such registering \ for securing purchases made by protestants; it was enabled That) from and after the twenty-ninth day September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven teen no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any intereji thereby or relit or profit thereout, should pass, alter or change, from any papifi, or person prof effing the popish religion, by any deed or will, except such deed) within six months after the date, and such will, within six months after the death of the testator, should be enrolled in one of the kings courts of record at Westminster, or else within the same county or counties wherein the manorsy lands, and tenements lit) in such manner as therein, for that purpose, is directed: and whereas by several acts of parliament, made in the tenth year of his said majesty's reigny and in the thirdy sixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, six teenthy nineteenth, twenty sixth, twenty-eighth, thirty first, and thirty third years of his late majesty King George the Second; and the second, fourth, seventh, twelfth, and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, it was enabled. That every deed and will, made find the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit or prop thereout, from any papifi, or person prof effing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by reason of which deed or will onj

a prf

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45.' 407

protestant or protestants mdy claim or derive any legal, equitable, or otter interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or prote flams, though not inroiled, or not inroiled in due time, should be as good and effectual in law as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been enrolled within the timet limited by the said clauses in the said acts for the inr oilmen: thereof \ provided the said deeds ansi wills should bet enrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive, in such manner as by the said clause in the first mentioned act is dtrested: be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every deed and will, made since the twenty-ninth day of Deeds and September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in older topass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or be jnad'e reditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit or profit there Sept. 29.1717, out, from any apict, or person professing the pophh religion, toto be good in any protestant or protestants, or by reason of which deed or will avcfore any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, jjn* f, C77s# equitable, or other interest whatsoever to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due time, shall be as good and effectual in thfc law as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been enrolled within the times limited by the said clauses in the said acts for the inrollmertt thereof; provided the same deeds and wills shall be enrolled on or before the first/day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first mentioned act is directed.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall This aa not extend, or be construed to extend, to give effect to any deed,.0 e*tend to will, or other instrument, the want of inrollment or validity v^idtrytc^whereof has already been brought in question, in any action or whereof has suit commenced or prosecuted in any court of law o r equity. already been

III. And whereas many purchases made by protestants may be brought in danger of being impeached or called in question, in regard that feme<lue 10, 1*deeds or wills, through whuh the title thereto is derived, ought to have been enrolled according to the said acts, but have not been Jo enrolled: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That purchas<s no purchase made for full and valuable consideration of anymadc by promanors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or ofhca^tu^on any interest therein, by any protestant or protestants, and merely account of the and only for the benefit of the protestants, shall be impeached title deeds or avoided, for or by reason that any deed or will, through which the title thereto is derived, hath not been enrolled as re etc quired by the said acts, so as no advantage was taken of inroll e C' ment thereof before such purchase was made, and so as no decree or judgement shall have been obtained for want of the inrollment of such deeds or wills.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall exfend, This aa not

or mafce good

not having bren enrolled,

4p8 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1777.

any grant of or be construed to extend, to make good any grant, lease, or the right of mortgage, of the advowson or right of presentation, collation,

prefeutation b. ', r 5* r. C,

to any bene nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, or

lice, etc. in ecclesiastical living, school, hospital, or donative, or any avoid trust for any ance thereof made by any papist, or person professing the popish papist religion, in trust, directly or indirectly, mediately or immediately,

by or for any such papist, or person professing the popish religion, whether such trust hath been declared by writing or not.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for, establishing a lottery.

[Preamble.]

5, 000, 000l. to be raised by annuities, and 500, 000l. by a lottery. Contributors to the 5, 000, 000l. to be entitled to certain annuities $ which shall be charged upon the sinking fund. Every contributor of 1001 shall, upon payment or 10l. more, be entitled to a lottery ticket. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to piy the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times specified. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for atl moneys paid in advance. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their subscriptions, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Subscribers to the 5, 000, 000l. entitled to an annuity of 4l. percent, for 10 years, etc. and an annuity of 10 s. for ten years only. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the - bank of England, etc. Cashier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received 5 which shall be assignable, etc. Cashier to rive security, to the good liking of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury smpowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. A book to by provided in the accountant general office, m which contributors names shall be entered, etc. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the public. As soon as contributors have completed their payments, the sums subscribed shall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. Contributors who shall pay 301. percent, of their subserip tiens, on or before June 30, 1777, shall have an annuity of 10 s. for every 1001. subscribed, to continue fasten years. Annuities granted by this act charged upon the sinking fund. Governor, etc. of the bank to appoint a chief cashier, and accountant general. Moneys to be issued at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this act. accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed personal estate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, wherein shall be entered all transfers of (urns advanced on this a. Method of transferring. The annuities of 10s. percent, perann. shall be a fe par ate (lock from the other annuities, fersons pofftefffed of ttock may devise the same by will, etc. Commissioners of the treasury to discharge all incidental charges attending the execution of this act. After the expiration of 10 years, from April 5, 1777, 00 six months notice, and repayment by parliament, etc. annuities to cease. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. $00, 0001, to be raised by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafiiters of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. cashiers to return the books, with the un dispoied tickets, with an account of moneys paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A.) Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be jfrinted. Tile number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001, to each

fist

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 47, 48. 409

first drawn ticket of the fist ten day, and 10001. to the last drawn.

[Proviso.]

Tickets of the outermost columns of the last mentioned hooks to be rolled up and tied. Public notice 10 he gi^en of putting the tickets into he boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 17, 1777. Method to be cb served in drawing, etc Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjuded by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, etc Felony. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. Managers to be sworn. The oath. Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for dvery 10l. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with respect to the lottery; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, etc. as they shall think fit. Limitation of the sale of chances, etc. Penalty.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

office keepers, etc. selling shares in tickets of which they are not potftfled, forfeit 5001. and fuft'er three months ini prison ment. No person mall keep any office for the sale of tickets, etc. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of sol. Offenders may be proieoited in the vice-chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by did refs, etc. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient surety is given to prosecute the same with effect, etc. This a not to prejudice the privileges and jurisdictions of the mayor, etc. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British as for preventing unlawful lotteries, made puntthabie: penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 500, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March 1, 1778, etc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and signed, etc. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, con penalty of sol.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum Of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned lor the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy (even; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for rendering more effectual an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the discovery of a method for finding the longitude at sea so far as relates to the encouragement and reward of persons making lesser difiover 'res for finding the same, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation j and to the making of experiments relating thereto.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an at?, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the repeal of all j4geo. 3v former acts concerning the longitude at sea, except so much thereof recited, as relates to the appointment and authority of the commissioners thereby constituted, and also such clausesasrehteto theconftrud ing? printing, publishing, vending, and licensing of nautical almanacs and other useful tables; and for the more effectual encouragement and reward of such person and persons as shall discover a method for finding the same, or shall make useful discoveries in

F f 2 na

jc

io

cpnrmiffioo crt of the navy, on being certified by the commissioner of longitude of the probability of any

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 48. f 1777.

navigation; and for the better making experiments relating thereto;,) the commissioners for the discovery of longitude at sea were authorised and empowered to hear and receive any proposal or proposals for discovering the said longitude, or for making any other useful improvement in navigation; and in case they should think it proper to tause experiments to be made thereof then to certify the same, together with the names of the author or authors of such proposal or proposals, under their hands and seats, to the of of the navy; and were also authorised and empowered, in case they should adjudge nj pefon or persons to have made any discovery for finding the longitude at Jea, which, though not of so great use as to be entitled to any of the great rewards in the said recited a SI specified, yet that the said discovery was of confderable use to the public, or to havg made any other discovery or dif over ies, improvement or improvements, useful to navigation; then to certify from time to time, under their bands and seeds, to the said of of the navy, such less reward or sum or sums of money as they the said of for the discovery of longitude should think reasonable to he paid to such person or persons; and the said of of the navy were thereby authorised and required te make out a bill or bills upon the treasurer of the navy, for such sum or sums of money as the said of for the discovery of longitude should think necessary for making such experiments, or for rewarding in a lesser degree lesser discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or any other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation; which sum or sums of money the said treasurer was thereby authorised and required to pay immediately to such person or persons, his or their executors, administrators, or assigns, out of the money that should be in his the said treasurer's hands unapplied to the use of the navy: and whereas, by reason of several payments made by the treasurer of the navy to several persons in pursuance of the directions of the said off, the said of for the discovery oflongitude have nearly expendtd the whole of the sum of five thousand pounds granted by the said off for the purposes aforesaid: and whereas, if proper encouragement and rewards were continued to be given to such ingenious person or persons as shall make any discovery for finding the longitude at sea, which, though not of so great use as to be entitled to any of the great rewords in the said recited act specified, shall nevertheless be adjudged, by the commissioners for the discovery of longitude, to be of confderable use to the public, or who shall make other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, it would contribute to the advantage of the trade and to the honour of this kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be cnatfed; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of for the discovery of longitude, and they have hereby full power and authority, whenever they shall be satisfied of the probability of any proposal or proposals that shall be made to them for difeo vering the said longitude, or making any other useful discovery and improvement in navigation, so as to think it proper to cause

t

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 49. 411

experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the com proposals for missioners of the navy; and also in case they shall adjudge any ^etthude

person or persons to have made any discovery for finding the 0'lguu e ongitude at sea, which, though not of fc great use as to be in titled to any of the great rewards in the find recited act specified, yet that the said oi covery is of considerable use to the publ; ck, or to have made any other discovefy or discoveries, improvement or improvements, useful to navigation, to certify such less reward, or sum or sums of money, as they the said of for the discovery of longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such person or persons; and the of of the navy are flull order a hereby authorised and required to make out a bill or bills upon reward to be the treasurer of the navy, for such sum or sums as shall be so Pad to the certified to them by the said of for the discovery of fochpropo longitude; and the said treasurer of the navy is hereby authorised &1*.*and required to pay immediately such sum or sums, to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the said of for the discovery of longitude to make such experiments, or to receive such less reward or sum or sums of money for making lesser discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or any other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, out of any money which shall be in his the said treasurer's hands unapplied to the use of the navy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such sum or The sum to sums of money as shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy, by he paid by virtue of this act, for the purposes of making such experiments jfttune0ft*his as aforesaid, and of rewarding in a lesser degree lesser discoveries exceed 5, 0001, for finding the longitude at sea, and also other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, do not all together exceed the sum of five thousand pounds.

III. Provided also, That such sum or sums shall be certified. The fumt to and such bills shall be made out, and payment thereof made, iq he certified, such manner, and under the same regulations and provisions][!)* are in and by the said recited act prescribed, with regard to able to the " the sum of five thousand pounds, by the said act made applicable regulations of to the encouragement and reward of such person or persons as the above (hold make lesser discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, recite or make other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto.

CAP. jfylx.

An act to enable the lords of of his majesty's treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from the estate of William Harry detested, and his sureties.

4

412

Anno decimo septimo Ge jrgii 111. c-50. [1777.

[Preamble.]

CAP. L

an act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences, to bi taken out by all persons acting as auctioneers; and certain rates and duties on all lands, houses, goods, and other things, sold by auction; and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majestfs most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament cjjembled, think that it would be for the advantage of the public that all persons vfing or exercising the trade or business of an auctioneer should be obliged to take out a licence for that purpose, specifying their names and places of abode respectively, and to grant unto your mojesty a duty upon such licences, and also a certain rate upon all Jales of any estates, goods, or effects yobatsoever, Jdld by way of auction, as herein after mentioned; and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled. After Sept 19, send by the authority of the same, That, from and after the every twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

w^thinnthe? seventy seven, every person exercising the trade or business of an

bills of morta auctioneer, within the cities of London and Westminster, and the lity, to pay weekly bills of mortality, shall yield and pay annually, to and aos. annually fr the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for a licence to life and exercise the said trade or business, the sum of twenty Shillings; every person exercising the trade or business of an auctioneer, without the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for a licence to use and exercise the said trade or business, the sum of five Shillings.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no per fbn who shall be authorised by the lord mayor and court of aldermen of the city of London, to act as a broker within the said city, shall be liable to the payment of any greater yearly sum shan five Shillings, for a licence to act as an auctioneer within r&ioneers, the cities of London and Westminster, anything in this act to the

No person, HI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, after Stpr. 19, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, no 1777, shall act person or persons whatsoever, who now, or at any time or times 38 3n0r factor hereafter, doth or shall exercise the calling or occupation of an 'mhefafe of auctioneer, agent, factor, or seller by commission, at any sale any estates, of any estates, goods, or effects whatsoever, by outery, knocking etc without doty a of hamper, candle, by lot, pareel, or any other mode of taking out a faje at au^jon, or whereby the best or highest bidder is deemed, concc' be the purchaser, or who shall act in any of the said capacities,

shall and without the said bills, js. annually.

Brokers author!: ed by the lord mayor, etc. of London, mav aft as auctioneers, on

1777.] 'Aqno decimo septimo Georgii II. c. 50. 41j

shall presume, by him, her, or ihemselyes, or by any otherper ion or person whatsoever, employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, to deal in, vend, or sell any such estates, goods, or effects whatsoever, by public sale or otherwise, by way of auction, as aforesaid, in any manner whatsoever, without first taking out a licence, in manner herein after mentioned, before he, she, or they, shall so put up o sale, or sell any such estates, goods, or effects, by public sale, by way of auction, as aforesaid; in which licence shall be set forth the true name and place of abode of the person or persons taking out the same; for which he, she, or they shall, immediately upon the taking out thereof, pay down for each and every licence, so to be taken out from time to time, the said several sums of twenty Shillings, and five Shillings, respectively, over and besides any other duties or payments to which such person or persons may be liable for trading in, vending, or selling any gold or silver plate, or otherwise, in manner following; that is to say, If such Certain per licences be taken out within the limits or jurisdiction of the chief fons authori office of excise in London, then such licences shall be granted to sr.ailt under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty's com england|w xnifiioners for the duty of excise, for the time being, or of such*as the commissioners of excise shall appoint for that purpose and the said duty of twenty Shillings for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London; but if such licences shall be tsvken out without the limits aforesaid, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisorsof expfe, within their respective collections and di (tricts, and the said duty of five Shillings for the same shall be paid, by all and every the persons so taking out such licences, at the office of excise next adjoining to the place where they respectively reside or inhabit, or at any other place, and to such persons as his majesty's commissioners of excise for the time being shall appoint to deliver out such licences and to receive the said duty: and in case such licences be taken out within the limits of the and in scot city of Edinburgh, such licences shall be granted under the hands land, and seals of two or more of his majesty's commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, and the duty of five Shillings for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh in the same manner as is herein before directed in regard to the licences to be taken out within the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of excise in London; but if such licences shall be taken out in any other pact of Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectcfrs and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their respective collections and districts, and the duties for the same shall be paid in like manner as is herein before directed with regard to the licences to be taken out in England, without the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of excise in London; and such respective commissioners of excise, and the persons ap

!minted by them respectively, and also all such collectors and upervifors are hereby respectively authorised and required to

Ff graat.

4h

Licences to be renewed, and, ao s. or 5 s. paid, every year:

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 50.

[1777-grant and deliver such licences to all persons applying for the same, upon their paying the several sums of twenty Shillings, and five Shillings, as aforesaid, respectively, fof, each and every such licence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person or persons who shall take Out any such licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence, ten days at least before the expiration of twelve calendar months after the taking out the first licence, before fie, (he, or they do presume to vend or sell by way of auction, as aforesaid, and in the same manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like him of twenty Shillings, or of five Shillings, respectively, for each and every new or renewed licence, on penalty, if at the places and at the times before mentioned: and if any per within the fqn or persons shall presume or offer to vend or sell by way of bills of rnor au<cfcjorij as aforesaid, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner aforesaid, such person or persons shall, if the offence shall be committed within the cities of London or Westminster, or within the weekly bills of mortality, forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds j and if such offence shall be committed in any place without the limits aforesaid, then such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds. After Sept. 19, V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, 3777- certain from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, there shall famlv Routes rae levied, cdlc<ff$d, and paid, in such manner as herein etc. ioldby ter's mentioned, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all manner of sales by way of auction, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, the respeeffive rates and duties herein after expressed; is to say) the sum of threepence for every twenty Shillings of the purchase money arising by sale at auction, of any interest, in possession or reversion, in any freehold, copyhold, or leasehold lands, tenements, houses, or hereditaments, and of any annuities or sums of money charged thereon, and of any utensils in husbandry and farming, (lock, ships, and vessels, and of any reversionary interest in the public funds; and the sum of sixpence for every twenty Shillings out of the purchase money arising by sale at audlion, of all furniture, fixtures, plate, jewels, pictures, books, horses, and carriages, and all other goods and chattles whatsoever; the said respective rates and duties to be paid by every such auctioneer, agent, user,tc. out factor, or seller by commission, out of the moneys arising at each flhc?, 0(lace and every such sale or auction, as aforesaid.

Eve auti

VI. And K scry ^urther enacted by the authority afore*r?with!n said, That, from and ater the said twenty-ninth day of September, each and every person acting as auctioneer as aforesaid, at every such publick sale or au6lion, in London, Westminster, or in any other parts within the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of ive iccu exc*f n London, shall, at the time of receiving such licence, give rhy^by bond Security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the for too!, to sum of two hundred pounds, with two or more sufficient furew to Majesty, ties, which security the said omtniiftoners for the duty of excise

tajity, of jool.

and, if without the bills, of 501.

autijn j

to be pa by the audbo

the limits of the chief office of excite in London, to give fccu*

4*5

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 50.

respectively for the time being, or any two or more of them, or such person or persons as the said of of excite respectively shall appoint to deliver out such licences, and to receive the said duties, is or are hereby authorised to take, that he will, within fourteen days after each and every such sale or that he will, auction, deliver to the person or persons, so to be appointed as within 14 days aforesaid, an exact and particular account in writing, of the total aj^ion^eli amount of the money bid at such sale, and of the several articles, ver a partial lots, or pareels, which shall have been sold, the price of each lar account article, lot, or pareel, in every such sale, and what article or ar wr, L "g of tides, lot or lots, parcel or pareels, if any, was or were.bought'Z in by the owner, or by his direction, (such direction to be in the price of writing, and witnessed by the owner); and at the same time each lot, etc make payment of all such fumand sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to, the true intent and meaning of this act; which sum or sums of money he is hereby authorised and directed to retain out of the produce of each sale made as aforesaid; and such person, or the person acting as clerk at such sale (if any) shall make oath of the truth of every such account, before the officer appointed to receive the said duty, which oath such officer is hereby authorised and required to adminster: and if it shall appear to the satisfac And if it shall tien of the said of, or of the person or persons soap appear'to the pointed by them in this behalf, as aforesaid, that the party giving such bond hath acted agreeably to the directions of this act, du tha^the^uct* ring the respective year for which his licence was to continue in tioneer hath relation where to each bond shall have been so given; then, in acted agreea each and every such case, they shall cause such bond to be deli lr.*|v* vered up; but in case no such account shall be delivered as shall bedelu herein before mentioned, or if it shall appear that any such ac vered up; count was not truly made, or that the party hath acted contrary but if the con tothfe true intent and meaning of such bond, and of this present trary shall ap ad, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or the pa/*thre^on<* persons so appointed by them, as aforesaid, (un)efs they shall cutedpetc?- find sufficient cause to forbear the same), to cause each and e very such bond to be prosecuted according to law; and thereupon, in case of a verdict or judgement against the defendant, such licence shall thenceforth become void to all intents and purposes, and such defendant shall from thenceforth be incapable of ever after having any such licence, and in case of acting under colour of any such licence shall be liable to all the penalties which may be incurred by this act for acting as an audioneer without licence.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Every auctio said. That each and every person so acting as aforesaid, at every near, without such public sale or auction, in any other part of Great Britain, tali

shall, at the time of receiving such licence as aforesaid, give fe juss give curity by bond, as aforesaid, in the sum of fifty pounds; which bond*a* a security the collectors or supervisors, or other officer to be ap foresaid, for pointed for granting such licence as aforesaid, shall, and they are 51' hereby authorised to take; that he will, within six weeks after that he will, every such sale, deliver in an exact and particular account, as is with, in

herein week#after

each foie, deliver in a particular account, eic.

a pioneer may make it a condition of foe, that the purchaser shall pay the rate granted by this act.

This act not to alter any contra between buyer and seller by auction, etc.

If the owner

of any estate, dc. sold by auction, shall be the purchaser, he shall be allowed the duties;

provided notice be given to the aufti oneer before the sale, etc, who shall make oath of the same, etc.

Anna decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5a [1777.

herein before required so be delivered by persons vending or soiling by auction, within the bills of mortality, and shall at the same time make payment of all such sum and fulns of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, for or on account of each sale by him, made, from time to time, within such six weeks respectively; all the powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, herein before prefenbed or contained, for the better levying, focuring, or accounting for the said duties, shall be observed in the said (Jveral collections and districts respectively, as if the same were again particularly repeated and re enacted.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to restrain any seller by auction, or persona ding as audioneer at any Tales by way of auction, from making it a condition of sale, that the pound rate granted by this act, or any certain portion thereof, shall be paid by the purchaser, over and above the price bidden at such sale by auction 5 and in such case, the person so acting as audioneer is hereby authorised and required to demand pay/nent of the said duty from such purchaser or purchaser, or such portion thereof as expressed in such condition or agreement, and upon neglect or refusal to pay the same, such bidding shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

IX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to alter, change, determine, or make void, any other Condition, contract, covenant, or agreement whatsoever, between any buyer or seller by auction, or any other person, touching the payment of any of the rates or duties hereby respectively imposed, so as the same do not extend to the lessening or abatement of the full sum appointed by this act to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, as is herein before mentioned and directed, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That incase the real owner of any estate, goods, or effects, put up to sale by way of auction, shall become the purchaser by means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any other person on his behalf, or for his use, at such sale, without fraud or coilusion, then and in such case the respective commissioners of excise in Great Britain, and such collectors, supervisors, and other officers of excise, as are hereby respectively authorised within their respective collections and diqrids to receive the said duties, are hereby authorised and required to make an allowance to such owner of the duties arising by this act upon such bidding; provided notice be given to the audioneer before such bidding, both by the owner and the person intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale, for the use apd behoof of the seller; and provided such notice be verified by the oath of the audioneer, as also the fairness and reality of the said transaction, to the best of his knowledge and belief: and in case any dispute shall arise whether such purchase by the owner was not made by coilusion, or in order tokffien the full sum appointed by this act to be paid, or concerning the fairness of fpchtranfa^lion $ then,

*ants

4*7

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 50.

and in such cases the proof thereof shall lie upon the person acting as auctioneer; and on failure therein, or in case of any unfair practice, then no such allowance shall be made, as aforesaid, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Certain fade thing in this at contained shall extend to any sale or (ales by to which this way of auction of estates or chattles, made by any rule, or order, aft shall not or decree, of his majesty's court of chancery, or of exchequer, cxt<nd* N in England, before the matters in chancery, or the deputy remembrancer of the said court of exchequer; or by any order pr decree of the courts of feftton or exchequer in Scotland respectively; at any such sales made by the East India company, or the Hudson's Bay company, or by order of his majesty's of for the duty or customs or of excise, or by order of the board of ordnance, or of of the navy and victualling, or any such sales of ettates or chattels, made by the (beriffin execution of judgements, or of goods distrained for relit, or for nonpayment of tithes, or of goods and effects of bankrupts, sold by order of the assigness, under a commission of bankruptcy, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the This act not

authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be to extend to,

construed to extend, to charge with the said tax or duty, any sale

goods imported into this kingdom by way of merchandise from from any British colony or plantation in America, on the first sale of ^ybnd&co such goods, by or for the account of the original importer, to lonyinameri whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were enter ca, etc.

ed at the customhouse, at the port of importation, so as such sale be made within twelve months after such goods shall be so imported; nor to any ships, or their tackle, apparel, and furni nor to ships, ture, or the cargoes thereof which may be taken and condemned etc. taken as as prize, which shall be sold in this kingdom, by or for the ber, 17c}? ri nent of the captors thereof; nor to any ships or goods that may {^nefi^of the be wrecked or ttranded in this kingdom, and sold by auction captors, etc. for the benefit of the insurers or proprietors thereof, or which may be sold free of duty to defray the charges of salvage; nor to nor to sales sales made for the benefit of creditors, by the direction of any made for the deed or deeds, executed before the first day of Aprils one thou etc sand seven hundred and seventy seven 5 nor to sales made by

trustees, chosen in pursuance of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating she diligence of the law by arrest ment and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to pro mijfory notes, and for limiting attions upon bills and promissory notesy in that part of Great Britain called Scotland); anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall Sales of ce. extend to the sale or sales of any estate or estates to he held by a estates,

ieafe or leases, or copy or copies of court rolls or entries, for a ife or Jives, pr for any term or terms of years \ or to the sale or gvfludl not

sales extend. Good

4i8

Duties arising by this act to be paid into the exchequer separate from all o thers.

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be re covered and applied.

After Aug. i, 1777, an additional tamp duty ot 19. 6d. shall be paid for every (kin of parchment, etc. for which is. is payable by act 16 Geo.

3*

Additional stamp duties to be paie after July 5, 1777;

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 50. [1777.

Tales of any woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, or to any contra relating thereto, or to the cutting or working the same, or to the sale of any materials used in the working of such mines or quarries respectively; or to the safe of any cattle, and live or dead (lock, or unmanufactured produce of land, so as such sale or Tales of woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, cattle, corn, flock, or produce of land, be made whilst they continue on the lands, producing the same, and by the owner or owners of such lands, or proprietor or proprietors of, or adventurer or adventurers in, such mines or quarries respectively, or by his or their steward or agent, stewards or agents; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the money arising by the rates and duties respectively chargeable by this act (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster3 separate and apart from all other branches of the public revenues, and shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

X V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated; by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, (not otherwise directed by this act) or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster % or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (all necessary Charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be to his Majesty, his heifs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

Xyi. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Jugust, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following; that is to say, for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed (save and except policies of insurance) for which a stamp duty of one shilling is payable, by virtue of an act made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, over and above all other rates and duties by the said act, or by any other act of parliament imposed, an additional stamp duty of one shilling and sixpence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates and duties following; (that is to say),

1777o Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 50 419

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Conveyance, or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, (winder, etc. or printed, arty conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, xs or other deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts at Westminster, or in any other court of record whatsoever, or by any Cujios Rotulorumy or clerk of the peace, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional stamp duty of two Shillings and sixpence' '

every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Policy of in or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or France for printed, in Great Britain, any policy of insurance, whereby the above loooo*property of one or more persons in houses and goods, or both, 5*

shall be insured to a greater amount, in the whole, than one thousand pounds, over and above the several duties by any as of parliament already imposed, an additional stamp duty of five Shillings' '

every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Copyhold or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or surrender, etc, printed, any surrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land S 3 dor tenement, within those parts of Great Britain called England, spalesy and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any grant or lease, by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court roll of any honour or pianor, within the said parts of Great Britain,

(other thamand except the original surrender to the use of a will, and the court roll or botfks wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or enrolled) over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional flhmp duty of two Shillings and threepence: V 1

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Surrender of or piece or paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, ^bt estate" or printed, any copy of any surrender of, and admittance to, any custom right or tenant right estate, not being copyhold, pyhold,*. 6d, which shall pass by surrender and admittance, or by admittance only, and which shall not pass by deed within those parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, a stamp duty of four Shillings and sixpence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Surrender of or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, etc or printed, any principal or original instrument of surrender or Scodand* resignation of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritable, s sd. rights, to be made to any of his majesty's subjetfts, who are or shall be superiors thereof, or to any city, town, borough, or corporation, or to any magistrates or others who have power to receive such surrenders or reflgnations, in Scotland, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional stamp duty of one shilling and sixpence::

every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Refour offeror piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, vice of heirs, or printed, any principal or original retour of any service of heirs, ccc*is* d or any precept of Clare Confiat of lands or tenements, holding 6f any subject as aforesaid, in Scotland, over and above the duty

now

Charter of resign^tien, etc. is. 6d.

Original fai line taken upon any mortgage, etc. i s. 6 d.

Original instrument of surrender, service of heirs, etc. X i s. 6d.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 50. [1777.

now payable thereon, an additional stamp duty of one shilling

and sixpence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any charter of resignation, confirmation, Novo damus9 or charter upon apprizing or adjudication made or granted by such superior, or others, as aforesaid, in Scotland, over and above the duty ow payable thereon, an additional lamp duty of one shilling and sixpence;

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece or paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any principal or original faifine taken or following upon any mortgage, wadset, heritable bond, alienation, or disposition, or upon any charter, precept of Clare Conftaty Retours, apprizings, or adjudications of lands or tenements, holding of any subject as aforesaid, in Scotland, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional lamp duty of one shilling and sixpence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any principal or original instrument of surrender or resignation, service or cognition of heirs, charter, or faiflne of any houses, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, holding burgage, or of burgage tenure, in Scotland, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional lamp duty of one'shilling and sixpence

addition

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a] and new That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and duties herein paying all the said additional and new duties herein before grant befoc^ranted t) the same shall be under the government, care, and manage ^manaee r mente cnitr.issioners for the time being appointed to ment of the manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and of paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and of the stamp empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that duties. purpose; and to ufeand provide such (lamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things qeceflary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said several rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in us full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho comminion rjty aforesaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of (lamps onvnewcaufc upon p'eces f vefium or parchment, or (beets or pieces of ltarnp to be paper, on which several duties are by several acts of parliament provided, to imposed, it shall and may be lawful fori the said of, denote the fe instead of the distinct (lamps directed to be provided to denote oneachflcfn^cvera^ duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged of parchment, thwwith, to cause one new (lamp to be provided, to denote the etc.*said several duties, and the duty granted by this act, on every

piece

421

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 50.

piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, charged with the said several duties.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Vellum,

all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties hereby [abier charged, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or pop^'afore* written upon, be brought to the head office for damping or said duties, marking vellum, parchment, or paper; and the said commis shall, before sioners, by themselves, or by their officers employed under them,

shall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or^h*j*ffi*c persons, from time to time, damp or mark, as this act directs, for damping, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be brought to them for that purpose, the persons so bringing the same paying to the receiver-general of the stamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Wual allow that the same allowance shall be made on present payment of ^[d^for* re the several duties granted by this act, in such manner as by any frnt payment former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is of the duties, directed and allowed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from Pa, d.to the time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the timelaurfthe8*"* being of the duties on damped vdlum> parchment, and paper, ttarap duties, who shall keep a separate and didind account of the several rates etc.

and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges of raising

and accounting for the^feme being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purpose herein after expressed, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Stampsdirtd that such damps as the said of are hereby directed*

authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and ay be altered renewed, in such manner as any other damps on vellum, parch and renewed, mentor paper, are by any former law relating to damped vel etc. lum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all persons who shall have in their custody or possession, /

any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the.damp or mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, being already damped with a damp denoting any former duty, a new damp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance, as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cases directed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any person, That if any person or persons shall, from and after the said fifth after July 5, day of July, one thousand seven hundred nd seventy seven, sign,

seal, execute or subscribe, any policy of insurance, or other deed, a pciftcy of instrument or Writing, whereby houses and goods shall be any insurance ways insured from loss by fire, to the amount or value as afore from fire, to said, before the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the same shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, shall appear to have ou^bring'duly a been ltajnpcd, he

422 shall forfeit lol.

etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 50. [1777.

been stamped and marked as by this and the other acts of parliament in that behalf is directed; that then every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and

successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to such person or persons as shall inform and fuc for the same in and shall pay any of his majesty's courts of record: and that if any such policy rd insurance shall be so signecf, sealed, executed, or subscribed,

duties^eieby upon ve^um> parchment, or paper, not appearing to have been payable) 5l duly stamped or marked according to law, that then, and in every before any such case, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc fl!cn cessors, (over and above the duties hereby payable) for every

able'inlaw # P, cy insurance, the sum of five pounds; and that no9such policy of insurance shall be available in law or equity, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any court, unless as well the said duty hereby charged, as the said sum of five pounds, shall be first paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and a receipt produced for the same, under the hand of the receiver-general for the time being of the stamp duties, or his deputy, and until the Vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such policy of insurance is (9 signed, sealed, executed, or subscribed, shall be marked or stamped according to the true meaning thereof; and the said receiver-general and his deputy are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duty payable by virtue hereof, and of the said sum of five pounds, to give a receipt for such money; and the other proper officers are thereupon required to mark or llau^p such policy of insurance with the proper mark or (lamp requisite in that behalf.

Person conn

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, terfeiting any That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be tctrefemble^ counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, to resemble any seal, etc. any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this directed to be or any other act of parliament, for the purpose of denoting the used todenote duties by this or any other act of parliament granted, or shall dmiet'with cc>unter'e*t or resemble the impression of the same, with an in an intent to tent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of defraud hi the said duties; or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, stamp>or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other fcloi*a par^ment> relating to the lamp duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Allprovision?,

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, penalties and That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, distribution of pe torfeiturjs^r nalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, pre as relating feribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament, re to the it amp lating to the lamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, shall duties, shall be ot full force and effect with relation to the (Several duties be in force, hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the h? executing raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and this act. PCW

1577.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 51, 52. 41$

new duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had federally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said additional and new duties hereby imposed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ca That all the moneys arising by the said several and refye<ftive*icj

rates and duties (the necessary charges of raising and accounting paid into the for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into exchequer the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distin(5llyd, ft'n^lyfronl and apart from all other branches of the public revenue, and branches of shall, for the purpose aforesaid, be carried to, and made a part the public of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund. revenue.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Defendant That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be under this act

'sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this actor of any clause, mat 8 9

ter, or thing, herein contained; such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in CVI and recover dence, for his or their defence: and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uies and purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LII.

An act for better securing the duties on fope, and the duties on rum of the sugar plantations put into warehouses and for allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as sores, to be consumed on board merchant Ships on their voyages, for a limited time.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the many laws already madepreambles for securing the revenues on fope, and for protecting the fair trader, many gross frauds are daily practised by evil minded and tndi gent, persons, who are encouraged in such practises, not only from the great length of time allowed by those laws for the payment of the duties on fope, but also for want of some further regulations in the man ntr of the carrying on the fope making business; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth After June, day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, nofoj7refamr* person or persons whatsoever, residing within the limits of the within theu head office of excise in London, shall be permitted to make any mits of the fope, unless such person or persons shall occupy a tenement orhcad offic* f tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds, or upwards, and for jj*1<hilj make which he, she, or they shall accordingly be assessed in their own any*fope, un Gg name, less he occupy

4*4-.

a teritment of 101, per an. and pay parish ratet\ nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless he pay to church and poor, etc.

Recital of an act of 10 Anas.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 52. [1777.

name, and shall also pay to the parish rates; and that no person or persons whatever, redding in any other part of the kingdom where there are rates to church and poor, shall be permitted to make any fope, unless such person or persons shall be assessed and pay to church and poor, in the several parishes and places in which they shall respectively reside; and that no entry of any fope house, work house, or place for making of fope, already made, or hereafter to be made, as required by the Statutes in that case made and provided, shall be of any avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons so making entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every person making fope and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any entry by him or them made, be deemed and taken to be persons making fope without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as persons making fope without entry ar by the Statutes in such case made and provided are subject unto.

II. And whereas, by a clause in on aft, passed in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An act for laying several duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped linens imported; and upon certain silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs printed, painted, or stained; and upon several kinds of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements; for raifuag the sum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her majesty's supply; and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain stocks of cards and dice; and for better securing her majesty's duties to arise in the office for the stamp duties by licences for marriages and otherwise; for relief of persons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have lost exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock, (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the use of the public: it was enacted, That every person whatsoever, who should make any fope in London or Westminster, or in any parts within the weekly bills of mortality, should, monthly and every month; and all and every person or persons whatsoever, who should make any fope in any other part of Great Britain, should once in every six weeks, make a truetntry, tn writing, at the next office for the said duties, of all the fope'by him her, or them severally made, within such month or six weeks respectively; which entries were to be made in manner as therein expressed: and by one other clause in the faii recited act, it was further enacted That all and every person, who should make any Jope in London or Westminster, or within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, should, within four weeks; and all and every person whatsoever, who should make any fope in any other part of Great Britain, should, within six weeks after he, she, or they should have made, or ought ip have made, such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said duties upon jope, wi tch should be due from him, her, or them respectively; that all and raery such makers of fope, who should rej use or neglect ta

make

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 52# 42$

make such payment as aforesaid, should forfeit and lofc, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty: and whereas the allowance of Jo long a time for the making of the entries, and for the payment of the duties as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue, and also to the fair trader, as evil minded and indigent persons have been encouraged thereby to make fope, and have made entry of the fope by them made, but have neglected to pay the duty when due, and before the time that the duty could be recovered have absconded from the if respective dwelling places, or by other methods have evaded the payment of the same; be it therefore further enactedrthat, from and After June4, after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun itov^recited dred and seventy seven, the above recited clauses, and every arti clauses shall be cle, matter, and thing therein contained, shall be, and are here repealed, by repealed, and made null and void.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, All persons

from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand who shall seven hundred and seventy seven, all and every person whatso the

ever, who shall make any fope, shall, weekly and every week, day abovesaid, make a true entry in writing at the next office for the duties on shall enter the fope, of all the fope by him, her, or them severally made within same weekly each week which said entries shall contain the weight of all the

fope mentioned therein respectively, and what quantity thereof on penalty of was made at each boiling in that week, on pain to forfeit for $ol. every neglect the sum of fifty pounds: which entries shall be Entries to made upon oath by the maker of such fope, or by their chief ^ta^con workman or servant employed in making the same, according to 0 9

the belt of their knowledge and belief.; unless such maker, workman, or servant, be a known quaker, and the solemn affirmation of such maker, workman, or servant, to the same effect, in case he or she be a known quakef, shall and may be taken instead of such oath; and the said entries, oaths, and affirmations to verify the same, shall, for such fope as shall be made within the limits of the chief office of excise, be made with, and administered by, such officer or officers as shall be appointed by the commissioners for the duties on fope in England, or the major part of them, for the time being; and for all fope made in all other parts of Great Britain, with and by the collectors and supervisors of the district or division within which the respective makers of fope shall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Makers of

all and every person and persons whatsoever, who shall make any with!a

fope in Great Britain, shall, within one week after he, (he, ora week after they shall make, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, entry.

pay and clear off all the duties for fope which shall be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such maker of fope, who shall refuse or neglect to make such payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such makers of fope, after such de Penalty fault in payment made, hall fell, deliver, or carry out any fope,

j g 2 until

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 52. [1777.

until he hath paid and cleared off his duty as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the ralue of such fope so delivered or carried our.

V Provided always, That no maker of fope shall be obliged to go or send further than the market town where his or her fopc| is made, or the neat market town to the place where his or her fope is made, for the making of such entries, or the payment of the said duties.

VI. Andy for the better preventing the frauds frequently committed by diverse maters of hard fope, who light fires under their coppers pansy or other Utensils by tocm respectively ufid for the boiling or making of fopcy in the absence of and without the knowledge or privity of

The furnace the officers for the duties on fope\ be it enacted, That, from and dor after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred used for make an seventy seven, the furnace door of every copper, pan, or ing of lope, other utensil used by any such maker of fope for the boiling or jba<l be fatten or making of fope, shall, and they are hereby required to be fe e^tytheoffi curdy locked and fattened by the officers of excise who survey t foetid* such tracer, as fon as lhe hre is dampt or drawn from under dampt, etc. every such copper, pan, or other utensil; and proper locks and keys, and all other necessary fastenings for securing the said coppers, pans, and other utensils, shall be provided by the respective surveyors and supervisors of excise of the several districts or divisions in which such makers of fope shall respectively reside, at the expense of the respective makers in each division or district: and whenever such maker of fope shall be desirous to light a fire under such copper, pan, or utensil, or to have the furnace door V thereof opened, and shall have given notice in manner as is herein after directed; and in every such case, the officers of excise shall attend to open the same, tope makers

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, refusing to That if any such maker of fope shall refuse or neglect to pay for G sand such lcks> keys, and other fastenings, so provided as aforesaid; her fatten any such maker of fope shall refuse or hinder the officers of ings, or hin excise from fixing such fastenings on the said furnace doors, in dering officers such manner as the said officers shall judge moil effectual for fe the^arae11* curing the same, or in locking and securing the same; then, and to forfeit. n every such case, the offender or offenders therein shall, for each offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

sope makeri

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, who want to That whenever any such maker of fope shall be desirous to have fiivnace'door the furnace door of his, her, or their copper, pan, or other unlocked, shallutenfil by him, her, or them used for the boiling or making of give ia hours fope, unlocked, and shall have given to the officer of excise of the notice to the division or district twelve hours notice, if such maker of fope h r rec within the limits of the chief office of excise in Lon

mirs'o/rtfe donor if such maker of fope shall reside in any other part of chief office in Great Brita'wy twenty-four hours notice of such his, her, or their London; intention, the officer of excise shall attend accordingly to unlockj!houtand open the said furnace doors of fuel: copper, pan, or utensil; niiu, 3* hoursanc* by any mcaast art device, or contrivance whatsoever, any notice. person

[Proviso.]

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 52. 427

person shall open any such furnace door after the same shall have been locked and secured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the officer of excise, or shall wilfully damage or hurt any such lock or other fattening, evcfy such person shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Surveyor, fu

when any copper, pan, or other utensil, used for the boiling or een

making of fope, or the furnace doors of such copper, pan, or uten*in thejnom fil shall be secured, as by this present act, and by one other alt, ing and 11 in passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty, are respectively evening, directed, the surveyor and supervisor, or other superior officer of

excise, shall, at all times, between the hours of five in the morn workhouse, ing and eleven in the evening, be permitted, upon demand or and unlock request made, to enter all and every workhouse of every suchan<l examine maker of fope; and after such entry to unlock and open everyc0pp*> copper, pan, and other utensil, by such maker of fope used for C boiling or making of fope, and also the furnace doors of every such copper, pan, or other utensil, and to examine the same; and after due examination had, such officer shall again lock and fatten every such copper, pan, or other utensil, and furnace door, and so leave them locked and secured, as by this and the said former act is directed: and if, after such request made, the door Any fope of such workhouse are not immediately opened, and such officer maker refus or officers are not immediately admitted, and permitted to enterfiefrentrance and go into such workhouse, made use of by such maker of fope; or obstructing* or if such officer or officers, being so entered into such work hi examina house, arc not permitted quietly to continue in such workhouse, hon, shall for and to unlock and open every such copper, pan, or other utensil,clt 100 and furnace doors, to search and examine the same, and until they shall have again locked and secured the said copper, pan, or other utensil, and furnace door; or if, by any other ways or'means whatsoever, such officer or officers shall be obstructed, hindered, or molested, in such search and examination; then, and in every such case, the offender therein shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

X. And forasmuch as it is found by experience that his Majesty is very much defrauded of the duty on fope by many makers of fopey who, by private pipes, and other private conveyances made use of by such makers offopey do convey away the fope from the sight and view of the officer appointed to take an account of the same be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty Any fope # fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy maker having seven, no maker of fope shall have or keep any pipe underground,0p"*te or any other private pipe or other private conveyance, in or about fope from bia his fopehouse, by which any fope, or materials making into fope, copper, etc. may be conveyed from his copper, pan, or other untenfii, used for the boiling or making of (open, into any place whatsoever, on pain to forfeit, for every such pipe and private conveyance, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds. 100

XL And, for the better discovering all such pipes and other private

G g 3 % Mi

northeast

*428 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 52; [1777.

Officers may, conveyances, be it further enacted, That, from and after the said thne^re twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fe fenceof a con venty^even>lt and may be law to and for the officers of liable, break the duties on fope, or any of them, in the daytime, and in the up the ground presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace (who house etcsto are hereby reclure to aiding and assisting the rein) on request search for pi made, and cause declared, to break up the ground in any vate convey fopehouse, or the ground near adjoining, or any wall, partition, anpes, and or other place, to search for any such pipe or other private con

defray the veyance; and, upon finding such pipe or other conveyance, to

mt. up the ground, house, wall, or other partition or place, through or into which any such pipe or other conveyance shall lead, and to break up or cut any such pipe or other conveyance If no such

XII. Provided always, That in case upon such search no such conveyance pipe or other private conveyance shall be found, such officers for

officer duties on fope shall make good the ground, wall, house, or other make fati place so broken up as aforesaid, or make reasonable satisfaction to faction fjr the owner or owners thereof, to be adjudged by two of the next

damage. justices of the peace, or the party injured shall be at liberty to

bring his action for the damages by him fudained: and if any ficer*1 in their" person or persons whatsoever shall oppose, obstruct, or hinder, search. any such officer in searching, in execution of the powers hereby given and granted, every such person shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, stope makers

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That may use pipe, it shall and may be lawful to and for any maker of fope to keep etc. above and make use of any pipe, or other conveyance, aboveground,

roup. which are publickand in open view from one end thereof to the

other, for the putting his fope out of the copper, pan, or utensil, used for boiling or making the same, into the known and entered frames; anything in this adfc to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And, for the better discovering all private holes in the coppers, pans, or other utensils used in the boiling or waking of fope, be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, all and every person who shall make fope, shall, once in every lunar month throughout the year, perfectly cleanse each and every copper, pan, or other utensil, by him used for the boiling or making of fope, and shall give three days notice at lead to the officer who surveys such maker of fope, of the particular time when he intends to cleanse the same: and when such copper, pan, or other utensil shall be so perfectly cleansed, it shall be lawful for the officers of the duties on fope, and they are hereby required to search all and every part of such copper, pan, or other utensil, by going into such copper, pan, or other utensil, or by such other means as to such officers shall feetn most convenient; and if, on searching such copper, pan, or other utensil, the officer shall find or discover any hole, not before known or the! we' discovered, in such copper, pan, or other utensil, such hole shall tialibeniuble be, and is hereby deemed to be? wilfully made for the purpose of

con

msikcrij

every lunar month, shall cleanse all their copptrs, etc. used m making of fope, alter giving 3 d*ys notice to the officer.

Officer to examine the same;

and if he find any ho e not

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 52. 429

conveying away fope from the sight and view of the officer, be to thepenau fore an account had been taken of the same; and the owner of tiesforcn "such copper, pan, or other utensil, in which such hole shall be so*1" s * discovered and found, shall be liable to the penalties for concealing of fope, unless he, she, or they shall prove the same to except, etc, have been made by bursting, or other accident, since the officer's last survey, and that he, she, or they had given notice thereof to the officer of the said duties on fope, who first came thither on survey after such bursting or other accident happened: and if any If any fope such maker of fope shall, after the said twenty-fourth day of June maker shall one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, neglect perfectly {>?*:

to cleanse his copper, pan, or other utensil, soused for the make copper, etc. ing or boiling of fope, in manner, and at the time herein before or to give no directed, or to give such notice as aforesaid, or shall, by himself dee as afore or others, let, hinder, or obstruct the officer or officers of excise from searching and examining such copper, pan, or other uten officer in fil, by such means as to such officer shall seem most convenient, searching the then, and in every such case, such maker of fope shall forfeit and same, lose the sum of fifty pounds. he shall forfeit

XV. And whereas, by an ofl made in the fifteenth year of the reign 50*of his late majesty King George the Second (entitled An act to Recital of an empower the importers or proprietors of rum or spirits of British sugar plantations to land the same before payment of the uco* duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own expense; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow in re!pe6t to the duty on some rock salt, lost by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane) it was enabled. That all such rum or spirits of the growth, produce or manufacture of the British sugar plantations as should be imported into this kingdom dtreflly from the said sugar plantations, upon the entry thereof might forthwith and before payment of the duties of excise be landed and carried and put into warehouses for that purpose provided upon the proprietor or importer giving bona as therein required and directed: and it was further enabled That the proprietor or importer of such rum or spirits so to be lodged in such warehouses should affix one lock to every futb warehouse and the key of such lock to remain in the custody of such proprietor or importer; and for the officer of excise attending such warehouse, to provide one other lock for such warehouse and to keep the key thereof; and that the proprietor or importer should and might in prejince of the said officer vie w, examine and take out the rum and spirits in manner as therein is directed: and whereas no particular penalty is imposed on such proprietor or importer of such rum and spirits put into such warehouses, who shall fraudulently open the door of such ware house or warehouses in the absence of the said officer of excise or ware bouji} keeper whereby some evil minded per sobs have actually been encouraged by false keys to open the said warehouses in the nighttime, and in the absence of the officer of excise to go into futb warehouses 5 for the more effectual preventing such fraudulent practices, be it en If any proprie. acted, That it any proprietor or importer of rum or spirits, lodged for or import and piit into any warehouse or warehouses under the direction flofet, etc pd authority of the said recited at, shall, by any means, act, wasioufe*

Gg4 devise, under thedi.

430

region of the above recited act, shall open the same, ex cep" w the pr fence of the proper officei, toe shall forfeit 5001*

For % year after the paf ling of this act, the same drawbacks shall be allowed on shipping rum, etc. to be (pent on.

board in any voyage be yond the Teas, as are given by any atts now in force on the exportation of rum as merchandise.

No allowance to be made for any such rum shipped in any cuk less than ioo gallons) or on board any vessel under too tonnes.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 52. [1777.

devise, or contrivance whatever, open any such warehouse or warehouses, except in the presence of the proper warehouse keeper, or other officer of excise, whose business it is to attend with the key to open the same then, and in every such case, every such importer or proprietor shall forfeit and Iofe, for every such offence, five hundred pounds.

XVI For encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the British sugar plantations in America, from this kingdom, as tores to be spent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the feasy be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the term of two years, from and after the passing of this present al, the same drawbacks and allowances, which arc given by any former actor a As of parliament, now in force, on the exportation of such rum to parts beyond the seas as merchandise, shall be allowed and paid to the merchant or merchants, on his, her, or their shipping any such rum as.(lores, to be spent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the seas: when any merchant or merchants shall be desirous of shipping any such rum as (lores as aforesaid, and shall give five days notice thereof to the respective coramif sioners of excise fdr the time being, or to such other person or persons as they shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, mentioning in such notice the exa6l destination of the intended voyage, the tonnage of the ship or vessel, and the number of the mariners intended to be employed in navigating the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise, or the person or persons so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to ascertain the quantity of such rum which shall be shipped on board such ship or vessel as (lores, and for which such drawback and allowances shall be paid and made, and also the size and marks of the cask or casks in which such spirits shall be so shipped; and on oath bein made, before any one or more of the said commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace for the county or place from whence any such rum is intended to be exported, or before such other person or persons as shall be authorised as aforesaid by the said commissioners of excise for that purpose, that the same are to be shipped as (lores to be spent and consumed in the voyage, the merchant or merchants shipping the same shall be paid the same drawbacks, and have the same allowances for rum fp shipped, as if such rum had been exported as merchandise; provided always, That neither the said drawback or allowance, or any other drawback or allowance, shall be made or be paid for any quantity of such rum which shall he exportedor shipped for (lores as aforesaid in any caflc which shall contain .*$ than one hundred galions, nor shall any such drawback or allowance whatsoever be made or paid for any quantity of rum which shall be so exported or shipped for (lores as aforesaid 00 board of any vessel or vessels of less burden than one hundred tonnes; but that all such rum shall be exported and shipped, in all respects not otherwise directed by this present act. under the same rules, regulations, and penalties, as are prescribed

43*

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.

by any former act or acts of parliament now in force relating to the exportation of spirits drawn or made in Great Britain as (lores, to be (pent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the seas.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this forfeitures aft, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such how todbc*5" ways, means, and njethods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, applied.* is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise; or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, nd the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the lame.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persont pro that if any person or persons shall at any time be sued, moled ^ec^riortof^ ed, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done in purfu jhiya^may ance or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing in this plead the ge a contained; such person and persons shall and may plead the neral general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence,

in his or their defence or defences: and if afterwards a verdict

shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their

action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him,

her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant and cover

or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or themtreb C cost'

against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LIII.

An act to promote the residence of the parochial clergy, by mating provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, r pairing, or purchasing houses, and other nectssary buildings and tenement syfor the use of their bene fries.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many of the parochial clergy, for want of proper

habitations, are induced to re side at a dislance from their bene ficiesy by which means the parishioners lose the advantage of their in

Jlruftion and hospitality, which were great objects in the original di fribution of tytkes and glebes for the endowment of churches: for remedy whereofy may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Incumbent of day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, any ecclesiasti whenever the parson, vicar, or other incumbent, of any eccle caumngf fiastical living, parochial benefice, chapelry, or perpetual curacy,  being under the jurisdiction of the bishop or other ecclesiastical etc. # ordinary, whereon there is no house of habitation, or such house

i

43*

patron)

may borrow money to build one.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1777.

is become so ruinous and decayed, or is so mean, that one year's neat income and produce of such living will not be sufficient to build, rebuild, or put the same, with the necessary offices belonging thereto, in sufficient repair, shall think fit to apply for the aid and assistance intended to be given by this act, it shall and may be lawful for every such parson, vicar, or incumbent (after having procured, from tome skilful and experienced workman or surveyor, a certificate, containing a state of the condition of the buildings on their respective glebes, and of the value of the timber and other materials thereupon, fit to be employed in such buildings or repairs, or to be sold, and also a plan and estimate of the work proposed to be done (such state and estimate to be verified upon oath, taken before some justice of the peace, or master in chancery, ordinary or extraordinary) and laid the same, together with a just and particular account in writing, signed by him, and verified upon oath, taken as aforesaid, or the annual (with the profits of such living, before the ordinary and patron of the LIV rdinarjtand al obtained their consent to such proposed new buildings or repairs, by writing under their respective hands, in the form for that purpose contained in the schedule hereunto annexed) to borrow and take up at interest, in the manner hereafter mentioned, such sum or sums of money as the said estimate shall amount unto, after deducing the value of timber or other materials which may be thought proper to be sold, not exceeding two years neat income and produce of such living, after deducing all rents, stipends, taxes, and other outgoings, excepting only the salaries to the assistant curate, where such a curate is necessa uu.tgage ry > anc as a Purity fr the money so to be borrowed, to mort - - t^c gebe, tithes, rents, and other profits and emoluments,

arising or to arise from such living, to such person or persons who shall advance the same, by one or more deed or deeds, for the term of twenty-five years, or until the money so to be borrowed, with interest for the same, and such costs and charges as may attend the recovery thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, according to the terms, conditions, true intent and meaning of this at; which mortgage deed or deeds shall be made in the forms or to the effect for that purpose contained in the said schedule, and shall bind every succeeding parson, vicar, or incumbent, of such living, until the principal and interest, costs and charges, shall be paid off and discharged, as fully and effectually as if such successor had executed the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such mortgagee shall^oexe. execute a counterpart of every such mortgage, to be kept by the terpart of the incumbent for the time being; and a copy of every such deedjaf mortgage, to mortgage shall be registered in the office of the registrar of the be kept bythebishop of the diocese where the parish lies, or other ordinary incumbent, having episcopal jurisdiction therein for the time being, after having been first examined by him with the original; which officer shall register the same, and be entitled to demand and receive the sum of five Shillings, and no more, for such register; ?m.d. every lqch deed shall be referred to upon all necessary occasions

the glebe, tithes, etc. for 25 years.

Every morte.

411

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.

fions, the person inspecting the same paying one shilling for every such search; and the said deed, or a copy thereof, certified under the hand of the registrar, shall be allowed as legal evidence, in case any such mortgage deed shall happen to be lost or destroyed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when on failure of

ever the principal and interest, directed to be paid to the mort and

gagee under the several provisions of this af, shall be in arrear interest for and unpaid, for the space of forty days after the same shall be daysafterdue, come due, it shall and may be lawful for such mortgagee, his mortgagee executors, administrators, or assigns, to recover the same, and the my dlltrain* cods and charges attending the recovery thereof, by didrefs and

sale, in such manner as rents may be recovered by landlords or leflors from their tenants by the laws in being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the money so to be bor Money borrowed shall be paid into the hands of such person or persons as rowed to be shall be nominated and appointed to receive and apply the same

for the purposes aforesaid, by the ordinary, patron, and incum ordinary, etc. bent, by writing under their respective hands, in the form for shall appoints that purpose contained in, the said schedule, after such nominee shall have given a bond to the ordinary, with sufficient surety, in double the sum so to be borrowed or raised, with condition for his duly applying and accounting for the same according to the directions of this act; and the receipt of the person or persons so to be nominated shall be a sufficient discharge to the person or persons who shall advance and pay the money: and the person who or persons, so to be nominated, shall enter into contracts with proper persons for such buildings or repairs as shall be approved etc. and see by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, and shall be specified in the same exe an indrument written upon parchment, and signed by them, incuted. and the form for that purpose contained in the said schedule; and for them shall inspect and have the care of the execution of such contracts, and shall pay the money for such buildings and repairs, according to the terms of such agreements, and shall take proper receipts and vouchers for the same; and as soon as such buildings or repairs shall be completed, and the money paid, shall make out an account of his receipts and payments, together with the vouchers for the same, and enter them in a book, fairly written, which shall be signed by him, and laid before the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, and examined by them; and when allowed, by writing under their respective hands, in the form for that purpose contained in the said schedule, such allowance shall be a full discharge to the person so nominated, in respectc to the said accounts; and if any balance shall remain in the hands of such nominee or How the ba nomioees, the same shall be laid out in some further lading im lance remaia provements in building upon such glebe, or shall be paid and ap ^rajj plied in discharge of so much of the said principal debt asdlp0c  such balance will extend to pay, at the discretion of the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, or two of them, of which the said ordinary to be one, by order signed by them, in the form for that purpose contained in the said schedule $ an account

hall


434

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.

[177yl

shall also be kept, made out, and allowed, of such further disbursements, in manner aforesaid: all which accounts, when made out, completed, and allowed, shall be deposited, with the vouchers, in the hands of the said registrar, and kept by him for the use and benefit of the incumbents of such living for the time being, who shall have a right to inspect the same whenever oc dafion shall require, paying to such registrar, or deputy registrar, the sum of one shilling for every such inspection.

Ordinary to V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every cebe nacle^f ^uch ch ordinary, before he or they shall signify his or their the condition cnsent, in manner aforesaid, shall cause an inquiry to be made, of the build, and certified to him or them by the archdeacon, chancellor of the ings when the diocese, or other proper persons living in or near the parish where I incumbenten such buildings are proposed to be made or repaired, in the forms i hv7ng?etc.c or t^lat purpk specified in the said schedule, of the date and 1* condition of such buildings at the time the incumbent entered 1

upon such living or benefice, how long such incumbent had en } such living or benefice, what money he had received, or may be entitled to receive, for dilapidations, and how and in what manner he had laid out what he had so received; and if it shall appear to them that such incumbent had, by wilful negligence, suffered such buildings to go out of repair, then to certify the same to the said ordinary, and also the amount of the damage which such buildings had sustained by the wilful neglect of fuclhncumbent; and such incumbent, if the ordinary require it, shall pay the same into the hands of the nominee or nominees to be appointed under the authority of this attowards defraying the expenses of building or repairs, before the ordinary shall give his consent as aforesaid.

directions for

VI. And be it further enacted, That the incumbent of every payment of such living or bencfice, in cases where such mortgage or mongages ind^nterest of be mac*c as an his successors for the time being,

the mort shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay the in

gauges. tercft arising upon every such mortgage, yearly, as the same shall become due, or within one month after, and ^ifo five pounds per Every incum centum per annum^oi the principal remaining due, by yearly pay bent who shall ments; and that every such incumbent who shall not reside not reside xo twenty weeks in each year upon such living, computing such year year upon tts from the date of the said mortgage deed, shall, instead of the said living, shall sum of five pounds per centum pet annum, pay the sum of ten pay iol. per pounds per centum per annum, of the principal remaining due, by cent, of the yearly payments, such payments to be respectively quade at the antevery in*ame time ^uch interest shall be paid, until the whple principal cambent pay money and interest shall be fully paid and discharged; and that ingoniy 5l. every such incumbent who shall pay only five pounds per centum percent, per per annum of such principal money, shall, at the time he pays the principal to ^ame> produce and deliver to the mortgagee a certificate under produce a cer the hands of two reeftors, vicars, or officiating ministers, of same tificate of his parishes near adjoining, signifying that he had resided twenty residence, weeks upon the said living or benefice, within the year for which hands of two ^uch Payment became due according to the regulations aforesaid; reftorj, etc. which

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.' 435

which certificate shall be in the form, or to the effefl, contained and aiioon in the said schedule; and that every such incumbent shall, annu corn

ally at his own expense, from the time such buildings, authorised p'to jn_ to be made by this att, shall be completed, insure, at one of the fare them public offices established in London or Westminster for insurance again! fire, of houses and buildings, the house and other buildings upon such glebe, again! accidents by fire, at such sum of moneyas shall be agreed upon by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent; and in default of the payment of either the principal or interest, in manner aforesaid, or neglect of the incumbent to make such insurance, the ordinary shall have power to sequester the profits of the living till such payment or insurance shall be made.

VII And) in order that the payment of such yehr may he justly and equitably ascertained and adjusted, between the successor, and the par

Jon, vicary or incumbent, avoiding such living or benefice by death or otherwise, or his representativesy in case of death or other avoidancey in such proportions as the profits of such living shall have been received by them refipeflively, for toe year in which such death or avoidance shall happen; be it further enacted, That in case any difference oor t ion? n shall arise in adjusting or settling the proportions aforesaid, the the annual same shall be determined by two indifferent persons, the one to payment, in be named by the said successor, and the other by the person make calc of death, ing such avoidance, or his representatives, in case of his death; or<*her and in case such nominees shall not be appointed within the space av01 ance# of two calendar months next after such death or avoidance, or if they cannot agree in adjusting such proportions within the space of one calendar month after they shall have been appointed, the same shall be determined by some neighbouring clergyman, to be nominated by the ordinary, whose determination shall be final and conclusive between the parties; which nominations and determinations shall be made according to the forms for that purpose contained in the said schedule, as near as conveniently may be.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be no The ordinary

house of habitation upon any ecclesiastical living or benefice, so any described as aforesaid, exceeding in clear yearly value one hun ^r^nn.which dred pounds per annumy or being one, the same shall be so mean, has no proper or in such a date of decay as aforesaid, and the incumbent shall not house or habi reside in the parish twenty weeks within any year, computing the ?*, 0kn* maf same from the first day of January, it shall be lawful for the or 5cn*t neglect1" dinary of such living or benefice, with the consent of the patron to make ap (in case the incumbent shall not think tit to lay out one year's plication, etc.) income, where the same may be sufficient, to put the house and Procure an buildings in proper and sufficient repair, or to make such applica and oceed tien as aforesaid, for building, repairing, or rebuilding such par in theexecu fonage house) to procure such plan, estimate, and certificate, 'as tionpf this herein directed, and at any time, within the course of the succeed, '

ingyear, to proceed in the execution of the several purposes of this

aft, in such manner as the parson, vicar, or incumbent, is hereby retted to pro authorised and directed to proceed and to make and execute such coed.

mort

436

All money received for dilapidations, etc. shall be applied in part of the payments under the aforesaid e (finite

or in making some addition al improvements, etc.

Where new

buildings are necessary for the residence of the incumbent, the ordinary etc. may purchase any convenient house, within one mile of the] church i

and a certain portion of land.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.' [1777.

mortgage as aforesaid 5 which shall be binding upon the incumbent and his successors, and he and they shall be, and are hereby made liable to the payment of the interest, principal, and costs 5 and every such incumbent, and his representatives, shall be, and are hereby also made respectively liable to the proportion of the payments for the year which shall be growing at the time of the death of such incumbent, or avoidance of such living, according to the directions aforesaid; which said interest, principal, and costs, and proportion of payments growing at the time of the death of such incumbent or avoidance, shall and may be recovered against such incumbent, his successors, or representatives, respectively, by action of debt, in any court of record.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all sum and sums of mo rey recovered of received, by suit or compositions, from the representatives of any former incumbent of such living or benefice, and not laid out in the repairs of such buildings, shall go and be applied in part of the payments under such estimate as aforesaid; and that all money thereafter to be recovered or received, in case the same cannot be had before such buildings are completed, and the money paid for the same, shall be applied, as soon as received, in payment of the principal then due, as far as the same will extend; or in case the said mortgage money shall have been discharged, all such money arising from dilapidations shall be paid into the hands of the nominee to be appointed as aforesaid, or of some other person or persons to be nominated by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, in case such nominee shall be dead, or shall decline to at therein, to be laid out and expended in making some additional buildings or improvements upon tl^e glebe

of such living or benefice, to be approved by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent; and in the mean time, or in case such buildings shall not be necessary, then in trust, to lay out the same in government or other good securities, and pay the interest thereof to the incumbent for the time being.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where new buildings are necessary to be provided or erected for the habitation and residence of the rector, vicar, or other incumbent, pursuant to the authority hereby given, it shall and may be lawful for the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, of every such living or benefice, to contract, or to authorise, if they shall think fit, the person so to be nominated by them as aforesaid, to contrats, for the absolute purchase of any house or buildings, in a situation convenient for the habitation and residence of the rector or vicar of such living or benefice, and not at a greater distance than one mile from the church belonging to such living, benefice, or chapelry: and also to contra for any land adjoining or lying convenient to such house or building, or to the house or building belonging to any parochial living or benefice, having no glebe lying near or convenient to the same, not exceeding two acres, if the annual value of such living, to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall be left than one hundred pounds per annum nor two acres

o for

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53; 437

for every one hundred pounds per annum, if of greater value, and to cause the purchase money for such house or buildings to be paid out of the money to arise under the powers and authorities, of this act; in all which cases the said buildings and lands shall be conveyed to the patron of such living or benefice, and his heirs, in trust, for the sole use and benefit of the rector, vicar, or other incumbent of such living or benefice for the time being and their successors, and shall be annexed to such church or chapel, and be enjoyed, and go in succession with the same for ever; but no contrail so made by the nominee shall be valid, until confirmed by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, by writing under their hands; and every such purchasedeed shall be in the form or to the effect contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, and shall be registered in such manner, and in such office, as the other deeds are hereby directed to be registered.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any purchase mo such land lying near to the parsonage house and buildings, be" " longing to such living or benefice, or to be so purchased or ex raised^y sale, changed as aforesaid, shall be thought fit to be taken and ufedetc. of part of as a convenience for the same, the purchase money or equivalent the glebe or for such land shall be raised and had by faleor exchange of some

part of the glebe or tithes of such living or benefice, which shall appear to the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, most convenient for that purpose; and every such sale or exchange shall be by deed, in the form or to the effect contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, and registered as herein before directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law ?vcr, J

full for the governors authorised or appointed to regulate and im CI

perintend the bounty given by her late majesty Queen Anne for powered to the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, to ad lend certain vance and lend any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the fum8 topi, 0* sum of one hundred pounds, in respect of each living or bene of this" fice, out of the money which has arisen, or shall from time toast

time arise, from that bounty, for promoting and assisting the several purposes of this all, with respell to any such livings or benefices as shall not exceed the clear annual improved value of fifty pounds; and such mortgage and security shall be made for the repayment of the principal sums so to be advanced, as are herein before mentioned, but no interest shall be paid for the same; and in cases where the annual value of such living or benefice shall exceed the sum of fifty pounds, that it shall and may be lawful for the said governors to advance and lend, for the purposes of this all, any sum not exceeding two years income of such living or benefice upon such mortgage and security as aforesaid, and subject to the several regulations of this act, and to receive interest for the same, not exceeding four pounds for one hundred pounds by the year,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may bec* lawful for any college or hall, within the universities of oxfordx ud and Cambridge, or for any other corporate bodies possessed of the another

patronage corporate bo

dies patrons ofiivings, may lend any sums without interest, to aid the execution t this act.

Who is to act for any patron who shall be a minor, lu natick, etc.

Writings not liable to stamp duty.

Proviso, when the ordinary shall be a body corporate! etc.

In certain cases the content of the reftor, etc, necessary.

Disputes touching the residence to be determined by the ordinary.

Patron, etc. to make allowance to persons for applying the money, etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1777.

patronage of ecclesiastical livings or benefices, to advance and lend any sum or sums of money, of which they have the power of disposing, in order to aid and assist the several purposes of this act, for the building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, of arty houses or buildings for the habitation and convenience of the clergy, upon livings or benefices under the patronage of such college or hall, upon the mortgage and security directed by this act for the repayment of the principal, without taking any interest for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the patron of any living or benefice, to which the provisions of this act are proposed to be extended, shall happen to be a minor, idiot, lu natick, or same covert, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian, committee, or husband of every such patron, to transa$ the several matters aforesaid for such patron, who shall be bound thereby, in such manner as if he or she had been of full age, of sound mind, or same sole, and had done such act, or given his or herconsent thereto.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all acts herein before required to be done or consented to by the ordinary and patron, shall be done by the ordinary alone, when such ordinary shall happen to be the patron of the living; and that no deed, bond, transfer, or other writing, instrument, or proceeding, made, had, or done, under the powers or authority of this act, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty, or see of office, except as herein mentioned; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and.it is hereby further enacted, That in all cases where any act is required to be done by the ordinary, in the execution of any of the purposes of this act, and such ordinary shall be a body corporate aggregate, every such act shall be done and signified under the seal of such body corporate.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the incumbent of any chapelry or perpetual cure shall be nominated by the reftor or vicar of the parish wherein the same is situated, in every such case the consent of such reftor or vicar, together with the consent of the patron of such rectory, shall be necessary in all such matters wherein the consent of the patron is required by the former provisions of this act.

XVIII. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That whenever any controversy or dispute shall arise, touching the residence of the incumbent, with respect to any of the matters contained in this act, the same shall be adjusted and determined by the ordinary of the diocese.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the patron, ordinary, and incumbent, of any such living or benefice as aforesaid, or any two of them, of which the ordinary to be one, by writing under their hands, to make such allowance to the person or persons to be nominated by them, for the purpose of paying and applying the money so

19

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. 43j

to be ntifed as aforesaid, as they shall think sir, not exceeding the sum of five pounds for every one hundred pounds so to be laid out and expended as aforesaid.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in what man where the patronage of any living or benefice herein before de ntr the con feribed shall be in the crowrt, and such living or benefice shall be ent of above the yearly value of twenty pounds in the king's books, the b^made* consent of the crown to the several proceedings hereby autho known, in all rifed respecting such living or benefice shall be signified by the cases where lord high treasurer, or first lord commissioner of the treasury for {^eiiptlrnal5* the time being; but if such living or benefice shall not exceed own. m # the value of twenty pounds in the king's books; such consent

shall be signified by the lord high chancellor lord keeper, or of of the great seal for the time being; or if such living or benefice shall be within the patronage of the crown in right of the duchy of Lancaster, then such consent shall be signified by the chancellor of the duchy for the time being, by writing under their respective hands, in the form or to the effect for that purpose contained in the schedule hereunto annexed; and that in all such cases where such deed is hereby required to be executed by the patron as well as the ordinary and incumbeot, such deep shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, if executed by the ordinary and incumbent only, after such consent shall have been obtained as aforesaid from the said lord high treasurer, first commi (Goner of the treasury, lord chancellor, lord keeper, lords commissioners of the great seal, or chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster respectively, as the case shall be, provided such consent mall be registered at the register office aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ^rdlo* lawful for any archbishop or bishop of any diocese, and also for "ont^n any any ecclesiastical corporation foie or aggregate, being lord or lords waste lands of any manor, within which there shall be any waste or common convenient for lands, parcel of the demesnes of such manor, lying convenient tic p.ur^fti for the house and buildings, and other the purposes of this a, jj aram a to grant a part or parts of such waste or common lands in per part thereof in petuity for the several purposes of this' acts, leaving sufficient perpetuity, common for the several persons having right of common upon elc*

such wastes or commons, and obtaining the consent of the lessee of such lands, if the same shall be in lease.

IS CHE

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c.jft.

[1777.

SCHEDULE

To which the Bill refers.

FORM of tbi CONSENT of the ordinary and patron,

(to be written on parchment.)

B. rector, vicar, &tr. fax the case shall be) of the parish, chapelry, r perpetual curacy, fax sir caseshall be) of in the county of under the jurisdiction of the

Ordinary, having produced to us the said ordinary, and patron of the said church and living, a certificate under the hand of a skilful and experienced workman,

or surveyor, of the (late and condition of the buildings upon the

f lebe belonging to the said church,chapelry, or perpetual curacy, as the caseshall be) and of the valine of the timber, and other materials, thereupon, fit to be sold, or employed about such buildings 5 and also a plan, made by the said of the work proposed to be done by new buildings and repairs upon the said glebe, and an estimate of the expense attending the same, after applying the said materials, or the money to arise from the sale thereof, in such buildings and repairs; and also a particular account in writing, signed by the said A. BOF the annual profits of such living, and of the rents, stipends, taxes, and other outgoings annually issuing the reout, verified upon oath, pursuant to the directions of au act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, to promote the residence of the parochial clergy, by making provision for the more speedy and cjfeflual building, rebuilding, r pairing, or purchasing houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements for the vfe of their benefices; and having considered such certificate, plan, and account: now, we do approve thereof; and do consent, that such buildings and repairs shall be made as therein specified; and that the said A.B. do borrow and take up at interest the sum of y being the

estimate of the expenses, after deducting the value of the timber, and other materials, thought proper to be sold, and which appears to us, from the said account, a sum not exceedfng two years neat income and produce of the said living; which money is to be paid to (a person nominated

by us and the said A. 2?.) and applied according to the direction of the said act.

FORM

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53;

44 f

FORM of the MORTGAGE.

THIS indenture, made the day of

in the year of the

reign of his Majesty and in the year of our Lord^between the reverend

rector or vicar, fcfr. of the parish church, curacy, or chapelry, of in the county of and the diocese of the bishop of

of of the one part; and of of the other part.

Whereas the said pursuant to the

directions of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to promote the resideme of the parochial clergy, by making provifm for the more speedy and effectual buildings rebuilding, repairing or purchasing houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices, hath obtained the consent of the ordinary of the said diocese, and the patron of the said church and living, to borrow and take up at interest the sum of

to be laid out and expended in building, rebuilding, or repairing (as the case shall be) the parsonage house, and other necessary of, upon the glebe belonging to the said church, chapel, or curacy, as appears by an instrument, signed by the said ordinary aid patron, hereunto annexed: and whereas the said

hath agreed to lend and advance the sum of, upon a mortgage of the glebe, tithes,

rents, and other profits and emoluments, of the said living, pursuant to the direction and the true intent and meaning of the said act: now this indenture witnesseth, That the said

in consideration of the sum of five Shillings to him in hand paid, and of the sum of

paid at or before the sealing and delivery hereof, into the hands of (a person or persons (as the case shall be)

nominated by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, to receive the same, pursuant to the direction of the said act (which nomination is also hereunto annexed) and which receipt of th laid sum of the said

have or hath acknowledged, by an endorsement on the back of this deed) hath granted, bargained, sold, and demised, and by these presents doth grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto the said,

executors, administrators, and assigns, all the glebe lands, tithes, rents, moduses, compositions for tithe, salaries, stipends, sees, gratuities, and other emoluments and profits whatsoever, arising, coming, growing, renewing, or payable to the rector, vicar, or incumbent (as the caseshall be) of the find living in respeef thereof, with all and every their rights, privileges, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, 'to have, hold, receive, take, and enjoy the said premises, with, H h 2 thefr

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1777.

their and every of their appurtenances, unto the said

his executors, administrators, and alligns* from henceforth, for and during the term of years,

fully to be complete and ended, in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, and with such remedies and powers for obtaining and recovering the same, and every part thereof, to all intents and purposes, as the said

his successors, re&ors, vicars, Wr. (as the case fall be) of the said church, could or might, or ought to have held, enjoyed, received, taken, or recovered the faqae, if these presents had not been made:

[And the said AB for himself.

In cases where the mortgage by this act dir eft ed is to be irttide by the ordinary and patron alone, without the incumbent, this co

his heirs, executors, and admi strators, doth hereby covenant promise, and agree, to and with the said

venant and proviso are to be Hiis executors, administrators, and omitted, and the form is to be assigns, That he the said A. 5* varied in such other respects as during the time he shall continue fall be necessary rector, vicar, lac. of the said

J parish and parish church, shall and will well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said

his executors, administrators, or 'assigns, interest for the said sum of

or lo much thereof as shall remain due at the end of every year, to be computed from the day of the date of these presents, after the rate of per centum per annum,

by yearly payments, the first of the said payments to begin and be made on the day of

next; and also, at the several times before mentioned for payment of the interest, as aforesaid, shall and will well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, the sum of five pounds per centum per annum of the principal which remained due at the beginning of the year in which every such payment is to be paid, in case the said A.B. shall be resident upon the said living for the time mentioned in, and according to the true intent and meaning of the said a; and in case the said A.B. shall not reside upon the said living during the time mentioned in, and according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, he shall pay, or cause to be paid, the sum of ten pounds per centum per annum of the said principal money, by such yearly payments as aforesaid, instead of the said sum of five pounds per centum per annum and shall and will continue suchrespective payments of the said interest, and on account of the said principal money, so long as he shall continue rector, vicar, lac (as the case fall be) of the said parish and parish church, unless all the said principal money, a, nd interest for the same, shall be sooner paid and discharged. Provided always, and these presents are upon this condition, That if the said A.B. and his successors, shall well and trulypay, or cause to be*paid, the said principal money, and interest for the same, in manner and at the times aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of the (kid ad, and of these presents, and also all

443

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.'

costs and charges which shall have been occasioned by the nonpayment thereof, these presents, and everything herein contained, shall.eeafe and be void,] Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the said A.B. and his successors, peaceably and quietly to hold, occupy, possess, and enjoy, al and singular the said glebe lands, tithes, rents, modules, composition for jtyt^hes, (Upends, sees, gratuities, and othir emoluments and profits whatsoever, arising, or to arise, from or in respect of the said living, until default shall be made by him or them respectively in the payment of the interest and principal, or some part part^thpreotf, at the times and in the manner aforesaid. In witneik, V

of a clergyman by the bishop, to settle any dispute about the proportion of the payments within the year in which, any avoidance fbau happen.

I The right reverend^bishop of

pursuant to the authority of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of hisjnajesty King George the Third, intituled An act? to promote the residence of the parochial clergy, by making provision for the more Jjpeedy dnd effectual buildings rebuilding, repair ingy or purchasing houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices, do hereby nominate the reverend being a clergyman Within my said dioceie, to adjust and determine the matter in dilute between the reverend cleric, the present incumbent of the

redory, vicarage, cof within my diocese,

and the representatives of the

the last incumbent (in cdfiof his death) or the said (in case of his resignation or promotion) concerning the due proportion to be paid by each of the said parties of the principal and interest which accrued due within the year in which such death or other avoidance happened, according to the direction, true intent, and meaning of the said act. Given under my hand, this day of

AWARD and DETERMINATION of the clergyman nominated

by the bishop.

I The reverend A.B. of in the county of

and diocese of the bishop of clerk, having been nominated by the said bishop, pursuant to the power given by an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to promote the residence of the parochial clergy, by making provfion for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing) oouses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices, to adjust and determine the matter in dispute bell h 3 tween

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1777.

tween the reverend clerk, the present

jncutpbent of the rectory, vicarage, lie. of within the said diocese, and the repre

feptatives of the last incumbent [in case of his death) or the said

(in case of his rejig nation or promotion) concerning the due proportion to be paid by each of the said parties, of the principal and intpreft which accrued due within the year in whfph such (death or avoidance) happened, according to the direction and true intent and meaning of the said a Stand having heard and duly congdered the said matters fp referred to me as aforesaid, do aiward, adjudge, and determine, That the said shall pay, in respect of the interest and

principal which became due within the year aforesaid, the sum of and that the said shall pay, in respect of the same, the sum of being the remainder thereof, according to the provision and direction of the said act. Given under ipy hand, this day of

APPOINTMENT of the NOMINEE,

[to he wrote ffl parchment.)

WE whose names are subscribed, being the ordinary, pa*tron, and incumbent, of the rectory, vicarage, lie. of within the county of and diocese of the bjfhpp of do hereby

nominate and appoint of

to receive the money authorised to be raised by an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the intituled An act to promote the rejtdence of the parochial clergy by mating provision for the more speeay and effectual bpilding* rebuilding repairing or purebqfing* houses, and other necessary build ings and tenements for the uje of their benefices for the purpose of building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, the parsonage house, lie. [os the case shall be) to the said rectory, vicarage, lie. belonging, and to pay and apply the same, and to enter into contracts with proper persons for such buildings or repairs, and to inspect and take carp of the execution of such contracts, and so take such receipts and vouchers, keep such accounts, and do and perform all such other matters and things, which nominees are authorised and required to do and perform in and by thp said act, the said having given security for the due application thereof, according to thp direction of the (kid

pct. Given under our hands, thi$ '

day of'f

form

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.

FORM of ORDER of ti ordinary, patron and incumbent, for 'j laying out or applying the surplus money.

WE whose names are subscribed, being the ordinary, patron, fnd incumbent, of the redory, vicarage, cof in the county of and diocese of the bishop of do hereby order.

That the sum of now remaining in the

bands of the person nominated and

appointed to receive and apply the money raised for building, repairing, (Ac. the parsonage house, (Ac. belonging to the said rectory, vicarage, (Ac. under the at of parliament, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to promote the rthfente of the parochial elergy* by mating provifm for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding repairing or purchasing house5, and other necessary building! and tenements for theufeof their benefices shall be [paid to being the person entitled to receive the money now remaining due on the mortgage made of the glebe lands, tithes, and other profits and emoluments of the said living, and applied in part of payment thereof, pqrfqant to the direction of the said act] or [applied in building or repairing, (Ac. ( describing the same) upon the glebe belonging to the said living.] Given under our hands, this day of

FORM of CERTIFICATE from the two clergymen f

WE, the reverend A.B. of'in the

county of clerk, and C D. of

c|erk, being two clergymen within the diocese of the bishop of do hereby certify to the said bishop, pur'to the directions and instructions sent by him to us. That we have made inquiry into the date and condition of the build ings upon the glebe belonging to the rectory, vicarage, (Ac. of within the said diocese, at the time the reverend clerk, the present incumbent thereof,

entered upon the said living, which was in or about the year of our Lord and do find

[That the same have been kept in due and common repair, without any wilful neglect, (if the case is so) or [That the same have, by wilful negligence, been suffered to go to decay, and that they have sustained damage, from a want of common and ordinary repair, to the amount of pounds]

and we have also inquired into the money received by the said for dilapidations, from the representatives of the former incumbent, and do find. That he hath received the sum of for such dilapidations; and [that

he hath expended the whole, or thereof as the case

H h 4 may

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1777.

may be) in the necessary repairs of the buildings] or [that the same hath not been laid out or expended in repairing, the.buijdfogs] upon the glebe belonging to the And living. Given under out; hands, this day of

FORM of the DEED of fate, or exchange, of lands or tithes belonging to the thing or benefice.

THIS indenture, made the day of

in the year of the reign of

Jns majesty King and in the year

6f our Lord between A.B.

ordinary of the rectory, (vicarage, chaptlry, or perpetual cure, as the case shall be) of in the

county of G. d.6f

patron of the said rectory, fcfc. and the reverend if. F. clerk, incumbent of the said rectory, ifc. of the one parr, and G. jz._of

of the other part. Whereas, ln the execution of an act passed in the seventeenth vear of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intitule'att9 cheer set forth the title of the atl), it hath been found convenient to purchase (or exchange, as the case shall be) certain lands, l?fc. [describeparticularly the lands purchased) lying near and convenient to the parsonage hotife belonging to the said redloiy, JV. (or, if the house Ve lately purchased) [lying near a certain menuage, house, or tenement, and buildings, lately purchased for the habitation of the minister of the faicuedlory, fio. under the powers of the said act] and it hath bfe^n found mofl! convenient, and agreed by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, that the ^tebe lands [or tithes, as the case jbm be)' herein after defcvibed, belonging to the said rectory, (ic. shall be sold, to raise the Aim iof being the purchase nioney for thi

laid lands herein before described (or exchanged, if the same is to be done by exchange, in order to make an equivalent for such lands) and a contract hath been made with the said(?. (?. //. the ab folate sale, at the price or sum of*(or

exchange, as the case shall be) of part of the glebe land (or of the tithes, as the caje fall be) belonging to the said rectory, (Ac. herein after mentioned; that is to fey, '(here describe. the particulars of the land or tithes preposed to be sold or exchanged) which contract is hereby ratified and confirmed by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent: now this indenture witnetteth, That the said A.B. CZ). and E. F. in order to carry the said contra A into execution, and to fulfil the purposes of the said recited act, in pursuance of the powers thereby to them given, and in consideration of the sum of the receipt whereof

is acknowledged on the back of this deed; which sum hath been paid and applied In the purchase of the lands herein before described; have, and each of them hath granted, bargained, and bid, (and exchanged, if the same be by exchange) and by these presents

474

1777.] Anno decimo septimogeorglllii. *53.

fonts do, and each of them doth grant, bargain, fdf, (and exchange, ^by exchange) unto the said G. //. and his heirs and assigns, all, fc. (here describe the lands or tithes, as the case Jbail be) with their and every of their rights, privileges and appurtenances, to hold to and to the use of the said G. IL his heirs and assigns for even (If done by exchange, add the following words) [in exchangfe for certain lands which belonged to the said G. HAND are, by indentures of equal date herewith, exchanged and conveyed to the said C D. in trust, for the sole use and benefit of the said. F. and his successors, rectors, vicars, V (as the case shall be) of the said living or benefice, for the time being for ever.] And the said A.B. C D. and E. F. do hereby severally eovenant for themselves, their several executors and administrators, to and with the said G. H. his heirs and assigns, That they, nor any of them, have or hath done apy act whereby the said lands or tithes, as the caseshall be) can or may be encumbered j and that the said g. H. his heirs and assigns, shall and may, from time to time, for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the said glebe lands ot tithes (as the case J, hall be) according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, without any let, hindrance or interruption, of or from them, or any of them.

In witriefsj&r.

FORM of the DEED of purchase or exchange of buildings or lands to be annexed to that living or benefice.

THIS indenture, made the day of

in the year of the reign of his majesty

King and in the year of our Loid

between A.B. of ef tlje one part; C D. ordinary

of the rectory, vicarage, chapelry, or perpetual cure as the case fhcdl be) of*in the county of

F. of patron of the said rectory, C

and the reverend G. Hclerk, incumbent of the said rectory, WV. of the other part. Whereas there is no parsonage house belong tag to the said rectory, fc. or) [the parsonage house belonging to the said rectory, cis become so ruinous and decayed or so mean) that it is not fit for the habitation of the minister of the said rectory, ffr.] and one year's neat income or produce of the said living or benefice will not be sufficient to rebuild or repair the said house, with the necessary offices belonging the reto: and whereas a certain message, house, or tenement, with the build tags thereunto belonging, situate in

the property of the said A 5. and lying within the distance of yards from the church (or chapel, as the caseshall be) of the said rectory, tac. appears to the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, proper and convenient for the habitation and use of the minster of the said rectory, fc. [and more commodious than the present house and buildings upon the glebe of the said rectory, sfr.] (in cases where there are any); and a contract hath been

Anna decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53*.

[1777.

made, by the direction and with the approbation and content of the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, with the said AB. which is hereby ratified and confirmed by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, for the absolute purchase of the said message, house, or tenement, and buildings for the price or Aim of pursuant to the directions of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King Georgs the Third, intituled An afff C {set forth the title of the a)) [And whereas a contract has likewise been made with the said A. b.asy the like direction, approbation, and consent, which is hereby likewise ratified and confirmed by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, for theabfolute purchase of the inheritance of a certain yard, garden, orchard, and piece or parcel of land (describing them particularly at the case shall be) lying near or convenient to the said meunage* house, tenement, and buildings, containing, by adr measurement, for the price or

Aim of which have been agreed by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, to be raised by the sale (or exchange) of certain lands or tithes (as the case shall be) belonging to the said rectory, C herein after described, pursuant to the powers given by the said act; viz. (here give a full description of the lands Jo agreed to be sold); (if the equivalent is to be by exchange, then after the word incumbent left. mentioned, insert [and the said AB. to be exchanged for]certain lands^r tithes, c\asabove.)] Now this indenture witnetteth, That the said A.B. fof and in consideration of the said several sums of and to him in hand paid for the purr

chases aforesaid (if both tie buildings and lands are purchased for money); (but if the equivalent for the land is to be by exchange, then) [in consideration of the said sum of

for the purchase of the said messuage, house, or tenement, and buildings, and in consideration of the land (or tithes, as the case shall be) so agreed to be exchanged as aforesaid, and intended to be conveyed to him the said A.B. by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, by indenture of equal date herewith] the receipt of which said sum (or sums of money, as the case shall be) [and acknowledgement of the said exchange] (if the equivalent for the land is to be by exchange) the said A.B. hath admitted, by an endorsement on the back of this deed, hth granted, bargained, and sold, and by these presents doth grant, bargain, and fell, (if by exchange) [hath granted, bargained, sold, and exchanged, with, and] unto the said. F. and his heirs, all, fcfr. (here insert a full description of the buildings or lands so intended to be conveyed, with their and every of their rights, privileges, and appurtenances) to hold to the said. F. and his heirs, in trull, for the sole use and benefit of the said G. H. and his successors, rc&ors, vicars, (Ac. (as the case shall be)ja the faits living or benefice for the timp

being.

inserted when the lands are purchased from the same person who sells the house and buildings.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 53.

being, for ever: and the said AB for himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators, doth covenant and agree to and with the said. F. and his heirs, That he hath good right to convey the said message, honfe, or tenement, and buildings, lands,

(as the cofe.shall be) and that he will warrant the lame, for the

dies and purposes aforesaid, for ever, free from all claims, charges, ?nd encumbrances whatsoever, by, from, or under him, or any of his ancestors. In witncis, (Ac.

FORM tf CERTIFICATE RESIDENCE.

WE, A.B. reftor, vicar, or officiating miniftet (as the case shall be) of the parish of in the

diocese of clerk, and C D. rector,

vicar, er officiating minister (as the case shall be) of the parish of within the said diocese, clerk, which said parishes of and

are near adjoining to the parish of within the said diocese, do hereby certify, That E. F. rector, vicar, ar'in cumbent (as the case shall be) of the said parifoaad parish church of aforesaid, hath resided upon his living

or benefice, within that parish, for the space of twenty weeks, between the day of '

and the day of last.

Given under our hands, this, day of

FORM of CONSENT where the living or benefice shall be in the patronage of the crown, or within the duchy/rlancaster.

WHEREAS the living or benefice of

within the diocese of is in the

patronage of the crown, and rated above or under (as the case shall be) twenty pounds per annum in the king's books or of the chancellor of the duchy of Lanca (as the case shall be), and application hath been made for building, (rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, or exchanging, as the case shall be) the parsonage house or other buildings or land (as the case shall be) for the use of the said living or benefice, in pursuance of the powers given for that purpose, by an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An to promote the residence of the parochial, by making for the more speeiy and effectual building, or pur

ebasing, houses, and other necessary buildings and for the

use of their benefices; now I the right honourable first lord commissioner of the treasury, lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or chancellor of the duchy of, (as

if be case shall be) being satisfied that such building, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing, or exchanging, (Ac. (as the case shall be) will be ap improvement and advantage to the said living or benefice,

do

do hereby content. That facb buildings, repairs, purchases, or exchanges, (as the cqft/ball he) shall be made, according to the directions and the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Given under tny hand, this < lay of

CAP. LIV.

An act for defraying the expense of building a new goal and hire hall for the county of Westmoreland.

CAP. LV.

An act for the better regulating the bat manufactory.

WHEREAS by two acts, one made in the eighth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, (entitled, An act for uttering of caps, and for true making of hats and caps;,) and the other made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, (entitled, An act for the better execution of former laws touching the making of hats and felts, and for the more restraint of unskilful and deceiveable workmanship therein used, to the wrong of all sorts of recited; people of this qgakn;,) it is declared, That no person or persons shall mate or work any felt or hat, unless he or they hall have first fervtd as apprentices to the trade or art of felt making for the space of [even years; nor jet to work any other person or persons than journeymen that'have lawfully served to that art and apprentices lawfully bound to that

art; nor set to work in that art any person or persons born out of the dominions of England, Scotland, and Ireland; and that nomakers or workers of hats shall have above the number of two apprentices at one time except their own children) nor theft for lefts term than fevm years, upon pain of the several penalties and forfeitures p/eferibed by the said respective acts: and whereas, by reason of the said acts there is a fear city of journeymen in the said business throughout this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be eluded; and be it enacted by the king's 190ft excellent m^efty, ty and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au and repealed, thorily of the same, That the said recited act passed in the eighth year of the reign of que^n tllizabeih9 (entitled. An act for uttering of (aph and for true making of hats and caps;,) and also the said act passed in the first year of therein of King fames the First.

An act for the better execution of former taws touching the making of hats and felts and for the more restraint of un/kilful and deceivable workmanship therein used9 to the wrong of all sorts of people of this realm,) be, and hereby are totally repealed.

Matter hat Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every

makers to em matter hatmaker shall and is hereby required to take and employ ploy a jour one journeyman hatter for every apprentice he shall employ in neyman for the trade of hatmaking, provided there shall be a sufficient num prentierthev ^cr journeymen hatters, who have served as apprentices to Siail take, pro the kid trade, offer themselves for that employment; or in de vided a suffi fault thereof, he shall for ever thereafter be diubled from taking

[Preamble.]

Acts 8 ejiz.

and 1 Jac. X

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 55. 451

more than two apprentices to the fid trade, in such manner ascent number he would have been if this act had not been made. of journeymea

III. And whereas, by an act, made in the twenty second year of thet*9* em reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act /,

for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed ricltaq an by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in theac 11 co" linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot preflers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages;,) provision is made for the punishment of such journeymen and others employed in the several manufactures of hats or felts, and other the manufactures therein men tinned, as should at any time ad in, make, enter into, or be knowingly concerned in, any contract, covenant, or agreement, bye-law, ordinance rule, or order, for regulating the trade, settling the prices of goods, or for advancing their wages, or lessening their usual hours of work, or who should depart from their service before the end of their hiring, or quit or return their work before the same should be finished according to agreement, or who should wilfully damnify, spoil, or destroy any of the goods, wares, or work committed to their care, or wherewith they should be intrusted; but such provision hath been found ineffectual, by reason that the persons convicted of any such offences have a power to appeal to the justices at a quarter sessions, against any conviction, without being obliged to enter into recognizances for their appearance at futh sessions to prosecute such appeal, and abide the order of such sessions; whereby they evade the punishment inflicted by the said a8, and hold the same in contempt; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any journeyman hatter, hat maker. Any journey piece master, servant, workman, or other person whatsoever, hale a employed in the making or finishing of hats or felts, in any o^ha^ngen branch thereof, shall be convicted, in manner directed and pre tered into any bribed by the said last mentioned act, of having kept up, acted club, combi in, made, entered into, signed, sealed, onhaving been knowingly reeled concerned in, any contract, covenant, or agreement, bye-law, declared ordinance, rule, or order, of any club, society, or combination, to be illegal by the said act declared to be illegal; or of presuming or attempt mgto put anyillegal agreement, bye-law, ordinance, rule, or order, in execution; or of departing from his service before the end of the time for which he was hired or retained; or of quitting or or of not fi returning his work before the same shall be finiftied according his to agreement; or of wilfully spoiling or destroying any goods, wares, or work: every such person so convicted, before he, (he, mfnt> cfc# or they shall be entitled to appeal to the justices at the quarter*sessions against any such conviction, or before the proceedings under such conviction shall be suspended, shall enter into re shall, before cognizance, with two sufficient sureties, the principal in the sum* allowed of ten pounds, and the two sureties in the sum of five pounds each, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, or place where the offence shall be committed, for into recogni the appearance of the person so convicted at such quarter sessions,ance to proto fccutc the ap

45 % Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 55. [1777.

pealf and tckprosecute such appeal, and abide the judgement and determi

*ud^cment of nat*on the justices at such general quarter sessions (which re the^usticet j*cognizances the said justice or justices of the peace are hereby im who shall ft Powered and required to take); and the justices, in the said ge nally deter neral quarter sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear nine the same, and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs, as to them shall appear just and reasonable, to either party: and if upon the hearing such appeal, the judgement of the justices, before whom the appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, in pursuance of the original order of conviction, there to remain for the time which shall have been ordered and directed in such original order, and until the appellant shall pay the costs which shall be awarded against him by the justices in such general quarter sessions of the peace on the confirmation of such order.

IV. And, for the more effectual suppression of all combinations among ftjourneymen hatters, and other persons employed in the said trade, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whomsoever (whether employed in the said trade or not) shall attend any meeting, club, society, or combination, by the said last mentioned act declared to be illegal; or shall

If any person shall attend, or solicit any journeyman hatter to attend,

any such summons, give notice to, or calf upon, any journeyman hatter, unlawtuiclub# other person employed in the said trade, to attend any such

11 or unlawful meeting, club, society, pr combination, or to pay any sum or sums of money whatsoever, as a fine, contribution, or subscription, for the use of any such unlawful meeting, club, society, or combination; or who shall collect, demand, or receive any sum or sums of money from any journeyman hatter, or other person employed in the said trade, for any of the above purposes; or shall persuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, or endeavour to persuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, any journeyman hatter, or other person employed in the said trade, to enter into, or be concerned in any such illegal meeting, club, society, or combination, or to turn out against, or quit the service or employ of, the master hatter or master hatters, in whole service they may be employed; or if any person or persons shall pay any sum or sums of money, or make or enter into any fub money to^sup feription or contribution whatsoever, for or towards the suppor* port me lame; or encouragement of any such illegal meeting, club, society, or combination; every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, before any two or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, town, or place wherein such offence shall be committed, on the oath of one or more lie shall be credible witness or witnesses, shall, for every such offence, be committed for committed to the common gaol or house of correction' for such 3 months. county, city, town, or place, at the discretion of such justices, there to be and remain without bailor mainprize for any time not exceeding three months.

A Elia, in V And be it enacted, That so much of the act passed in the pa repealed, fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An ail tonne

taining

or shall subscribe of pay any sum of

453

trifling diverse orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, apprentices, as extends, or may be construed to extend, to restrain any person or persons from setting up, using, occupying, / and exercising, the craft, mystery, and occupation of a matter hat maker, hat maker, or felt maker, unless such person or persons have been brought up as apprentices therein, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no a^a.^r person or persons using or exercising the trade of a matter hat f\\*c0fpeau* maker, hat maker, or felt maker, shall, during the time of his in the execu continuing to use or exercise such trade, be capable of acting as a bon of this justice of the peace in the execution of this or any other act re etc lative to the punittiment of any journeyman hat maker or apprentice who shall offend against this or any other act made for tin ulation of the said trade.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That thissaft n aft, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be con aa^tgco. s. strued to extend, to repeal the said act made in the twenty second etc, year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second,'

or any of the provisions therein contained, or any of the acts therein mentioned; but that the said provisions shall remain in full force, and the penalties and forfeitures in the said acts mentioned or recited, to which offenders are respectively subjected, may be levied, recovered, and inflicted, in the same manner as such penalties and forfeitures might have been levied, recovered, and inflicted, before the making of this act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall an^be and may be lawful for any person convicted before one or more f jjt1, justice] justice or justices of the peace, of any of the offences in this act may appeal to mentioned, to appeal to the justices of the peace assembled at the the quarter next general sessions, or general quarter sessions, to be held for session*

the county, city, borough, town, liberty, or place, wherein such.

shall be made, giving immediate notice of the intention of bringing such appeal, and finding security, to the satis and finding fastion of the justice or justices before whom such conviction sufficient fecu shall have been made, for being present at such general sessions, rity for proper general quarter sessions, and for prosecuting the said appeal with effect, and abiding the judgement of the court; and such effect, etc. justices, in such general sessions, or general quarter sessions, shall finally hear and determine the matter, and shall have power to award reasonable costs to either party, as to them shall seem just; and if such conviction shall be affirmed at such sessions, such appellant shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by theautho Limitation of rity aforesaid, That noaction shall be brought against any justice attioiu.

of the peace, constable, headborough, or otherofficer, or against any other person or persons whomsoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever done or committed under.or by virtue, or in the Execution of this act, unless fugh action shall be brought within three

three calendar months next after the doing or committing such matter or thing.

Defendant X Provided also, That if any action or suit shall hereafter be under this at commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for anynendctffae, done ty virtue or in the execution of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance, or forbear further prosecution, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants, and recover such defendant or defendants shall recover double costs, for double cost. which he, she, or they, shall have the like remedy as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

puwickadt.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be taken and allowed to be a public act in all courts within this kingdom; and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LVI.

An act for amending and rendering more effectual the several laws now in beings for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and flli manufactures; and also for mating provifms to prevent frauds by journeymen dyers.

[Preamble.]

\kf WHEREAS by an a CL made in the twenty second year of the; Recital of an reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, aftaigeo. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and (ilk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot pre(e> ers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures, and for the better payment of their wages;,) it was enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever, who should be hired or employed to make any felt or bat, or to prepart or work up any wolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, or flli manu faclures, or any manufactures made up of wool, fur, hemp, flax, cotton, mohair or silk, or of any of the said materials mixed one with another, should, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and jor ty nine, purloin, embezzle, secrete, ft 1i, pawn, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of, any of the materials with which he, she, or they should be respectively entrusted, whether the same, or any part thereof, be or be not first wrought, made up, manufacturedjor converted into merchantable wares, and should be thereof lawfully convicted, in manner therein mentioned, before any onrer more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence should bo committed. Or Where the person or persons so charged should rtfido or inhabit, it should and might be lawful to and for the said justict or justtus, by warrant a under

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. 455

under his or their band and [cab or hands and seals, to commit the person or persons so convicted to the house of corrections or other publick prison, of such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, there Jo be kept to hard labour for the space of fourteen days, and also to order the person or persons so convicted to be once publicity whipped at the marketplace, or some other public place, of the city, town, or place, where such offender or cjj'enders should be respectively committed; and in case of a further conviction, in manner before preferred by the said acj, for or upon a second or aether [subsequent offence of the same kind, it should and might be lawful to and for the justice or justices before whom such conviction should be had, to commit the person or persons so again offending, to the house of correction, or other public prison, as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, and also to order the person or persons Jo again offnding, to be publicly whipped at the marketplace, or some other publitk place of the city, town, or place, where such offender or offenders should be respectively committed, twice, or oftener, as to such justice or justices should appear reasonable: and whereas it is thought neeffry to vary the punishment for the offences herein before recited; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from mu and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and prescribes seventyseven, so much or the said recited act as prescribes what the punish the punishmenrt shall be in any of the cases before mentioned, ment to be or before whom such conviction shall be had, whether for a first infixed for

offence, or a second, or any subsequent offence, shall be repealed;

- r r 1 n*etc.

and instead of inflicting the pumftiment so directed, the justices materials,

of the peace before whom the convi^ion shall be, shall commit is hereby retire person convicted to the house of correction, or other publick prison, there to be kept to hard labour, in the case of a first pu

offence, for any time not less than fourteen days, nor more than fubitimied in three months; and in the case of a second or any subsequent of (lead thereof, fence, for any time not less than three months, nor more than six months; and may likewise for the first, or for any subsequent offence, order the person convicted to be once publicly whipped, if such additional punishment shall by the said justice or justices be deemed proper.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho No person to rity aforesaid, That no person or persons, who shall be charged be

with any offence or offences against the said recited act of lfie^0cmftice*c twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George*Second, shall be liable to be convicted, unless before two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed; anything contained in the said recited act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

III. And whereas, by the said act

reign of his late majesty King George.

That tf any person or persons should buy, receive, accept, or take, by orc al way of gifts pawn, pledge, Jale, cr exchange, or in any other manner

of the twenty second year of the Recital of a

tlifi rernna. it nn/u el in tnnfisa claurein the

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1777.

whatsoever, of or from any person or persons hired or employed to make any felt or hat, qr to prepare or work tip the woollen, linen, fushan, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, orfllk manufactures, or any manufactures made up of wool, fur, hemp, flax, cotton, mohair, or silk, or of any of the said materials mixed one with another, any tbrumbs or ends of yarn, or any other materials of wool, fur, hemp, flax, cotton, or iron, or any leather, mohair, or silk, whether the same, or any part thereof, be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the person or persons, of whom he, she, or they, fio buy, receive, accept, or take, the said materials, to be so hired or employed as aforesaid, and not having first obtained the consent of the person or persons Jo hiring or employing him, her, or them, who should offer to sell, pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwise di.pose of, the said materials; or should buy, receive, accept, or take, in any manner whatsoever, of or from any other person or persons whomsoever, any of the said materials, whether the same be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the same to be Jo purloined or embezzled; then, and in every suck caj'e, the person or persons so buying, receiving, accepting, or taking, any such materials, being thereof lawfully convicted, in manner before prefiribed by the said act, for the conviction of persons purloining or embezzling the said materials, should, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds \ and in case the said forfeiture should not be immediately paid, the justice or justices before whom fiuch conviction should be had, fl)ould commit the party or parties so convicted to the honje oj correction, or aether public prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of fourteen days, unless the said forfeiture should be footer paid; and if within two days before the expiration of the said fourteen days the said forfeiture should not be paid, the said justice or justices is and are thereby impowered and required to order the person or persons so convicted to be publicly whipped at the marketplace, or some other public place, of the city, town, or place, where J'uch ofllnjcr or offenders should be respectively committed, once, or oftener, as to such justice or justices should appear reasonable; and in case oj a further conviction for or upon a second or any other fiubfcquent offence of the same kind, the person or persons jo again offending, being thereof convicted in manner before prescribed by the said act, should, for every second or other fuhjcquent offence, forfeit the fium of forty pounds \ and in case the Jaidforfeiture should not be immediately paid, the justice or justices before whom J'uch conviction should be had, should commit the party or parlies so convicted to the house of correction, or other public prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the said forfeiture should be sooner paid \ and if within fiven days before the expiration of the time for which such offender or offenders should be Jo committed, the said forfeiture should not be paid, the said jujlne or justices is and are thereby empowered and required to or dir such offender or offenders to be publicly whipped at the marketplace, or some otlcr public place, of the city, town, or place, where he, she, or they flmld be respectively committed, twice, or oftener, as to such justice or justices should appear reasonable: and the said re/pecjive forfeitures of twenty pounds and forty pounds, when recovered, ester jc tisjaction slow Id have been made thireout to the party or parties injured,

457

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56.

together with stich cojis of prosecution is should be judged reasonable by the justice or justices before whom such conviction should have been had should be equally distributed amongst the poor of the parish or place where the person or persons so convicted should refde or inhabit: and whereas it is thought neieff ry to imreofe the pecuniary penalties directed by the said recited act for the said offences lost mentioned, and to vary the application of the said penalties for the Jame, and further to change the consequences of nonpayment; be it therefore further enabled, That, So much of from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hun the said act, dred and seventy seven, so much of the said recited act of the a the twenty second of his late majesty King George the Second, as buying enads what the penalty or punishment shall be for such buying, receiving, etc. receiving, accepting, or taking, by way of gift, pawn, pledge, sale, of any good or exchange, or in any other manner, as is described by the said in he la ad, in the terms aforesaid, and how such penalty shall be applied, C

and what punishment shall be inflicted in case of nonpayment, repealed*be repealed; and instead thereof, the penalty for the first and otherpu offence shall be any sum not more than forty pounds, nor less njfhnients fob than twenty pounds, as the justices before whom the conviction*

be shall judge to be moult proper; and every such pecuniary penalty shall be applied, under the direction of the justices before whom the conviction shall be, in manner following; (that is to say) In the first place, the expenses of the prosecution shall be thereout defrayed; and then such satisfaction shall be made thereout to the party or parties injured, as the said justices shall think proper; and afterwards so much of the said penalty shall be paid to the informer or informers as such justices shall think fit, not exceeding, in any case, ten pounds; and the remainder, if any, shall be paid and distributed to and amongst the poor of the parishjtown, or place, where the conviction shall be, or for the use of such public charity or charities as such justices shall appoint: and if such pecuniary penalty as aforesaid shall not be paid on conviction, the said justices shall commit the person convicted to the house of correction, or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labourfor any time not more than six months, nor less than three months, as the said justices shall think fit to direct, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid; or the said justices may send the person convicted to the house of correction, or other public prison, there to remain for three days, exclusive of the day of commitment, with an order that within the said time the person so convicted shall be once publicly whipped at such marketplace, or other public place, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, How iuft from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hun whenoffend dred and seventy seven, if any person or persons shall be brought ers are before any justices of the peace, and sit all he charged upon oath, brought bear (being of the people called Quakers) upon solemn affirmation, th*m or of having been guilty of buying, receiving, accepting, or taking, g

by way of gift, pawn, pledge, sale, or exchange, or in any other manner, as is described by the said recited act, in the terms

458 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1777.

aforesaid, and it Hull appear to such justices that the person or persons so charged hath or hae been already convicted of the Ike offence for which he, she, or they is or are then charged, that then such justices shall not proceed to convict such person or persons, but shall commit him, her, or them to the house of correction, or some other public prison, there to remain until the next general or general quarter sessions of the peace to be held in and for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, or until fuel! offender or offenders shall have entered into a recognisance to answer for such offence at the said next general or general quarter sessions; the justices in such general or general quarter*sessions are hereby authorised and required to take cognizance h1*1 thereof, and to hear and determine the same; and if such perfori vifttd^beicte" be convickd upon the oath, or (being of the people called

the quamr Quakers) upon the affirmation, of one or more credible witness sessions, Hull or witnesses, the person so convicted shall forfeit and pay, for such offence, any sum not more than one hundred pounds, nor less than fifty pounds, as the said justices shall judge to be most proper; and every such penalty shall be applied and disposed of, under the direction of the said justices in their general or general quarter sessions, in such manner and proportions as the penalty herein before imposed for the first offence of the like nature is by this act directed to be applied and disposed of; and if such penalty shall not be paid on conviction, the said justices shall commit the person so convicted to the house of correction, or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not more than six months, nor less than three months, as the said justices shall in their discretion think fit, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid; or the said justices may send the person convicted to the house of correction, or other public prison, there to remain for three days, exclusive of the day of commit -- ment, with an order that within the said time such person shall be once publicly whipped at such marketplace, or other public place as aforesaid.

V. And whereas many frauds are prafiifed, in respect to such materials as aforesaid, by persons who sell them knowing them to have Persons fell purloined or embezzled; be it therefore further enacted, Thar,

1' 5|tafuuf* ter le hist day of one thousand seven hundred and

HM o 'isav1 seventy seven, if any person shall sell, pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of, or offer to sell, pawn, pledge, th"m exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of, any such materials n.ive b cn as aforesaid, whether wrought or umv< ought, mixed or unmix pill t u'bie C knowing them to have been purloined or embezzled, every ti', ae (4, northeast such person, lawfully convicted, shall be liable to the same pu j. i. tiin* ehr as nishment as he or (lie would be liable to by virtue of this act, on hc; ng convicted of receding purloined or embezzled materials,

knowing them to have been purloined or embezzled.

VI. And Valero:suck ?ra 'trials as aforesaid, which have been

f*uf Lined or eu.hczzhd, arc ircqiunih received by persons knowing the Jam to have been Jo pur da a d or embezzled; and juan materials being

afterward

forfeit trym 50l. to tool.

or be committed, etc.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. 459

afterwards worked up, or otherwise disposed of, renders it difficult to convict sich offenders; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of July, one How justic thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, when a ivy person or persons shall be btought or charged upon oath, before any two persons charg or more justices of the peace, by virtue of this act, with being eh on oa*h 5 suspected of, or with having purloined or embezzled, or with with bing having received any such materials as aforesaid, whether the same be wrought or unwrought, mixed or unmixed, knowing ^7z?cdrurii the same to have been either purloined or embezzled, or received miteriab, or from some person or persons not entitled to dispose thereof, and of having rit shall be made appear upon the oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) upon the affirmation of one or more credible to have witness or witnesses, to the satisfaction of such justices, that such been em person or persons hath or have purloined or embezzled, or hath or bezzled, etc, have received any such materials as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, or received from some person or persons not entitled dispose thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such justices or for the justices at their general or general quarter sessions of the peace, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered (if they shall think fit) to convict such person or ersons of having purloined or embezzled, or of having received such materials as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, or received from some person or persons not entitled to dispose thereof, although no proof shall be given to whom such materials belong; and the person or persons so convicted shall, for every such offence, be subject to such and the like penalties and puniftvments, at the discrecion of such justices respectively, as persons convicted of buying or receiving any such materials as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, are by this act subject and liable to.

VII. And whereas, by the said recited act of the tiventy fcond of King George the Second, it was also enacted, Tint if any person or persons 'ntrujled with any of the materials therein and herein before recited, > mentioned, in order to prepare, work up, or manufacture the same,

should not use all such materials in the preparing, working up, or manufacturing, of the same, and should negkct cr delay, for the pace of twenty-one days after such materials should be prepared, worked\ip, or manufactured, to return (if required by the owner or owners of such materials so to do) so much of the said materials as should not be used as aforesaid, to the person or persons intrufing him, her, or them therewith, such mglecl or delay should be deemed a purloining or embezzling of such materials; and the person or persons so neglecting or delaying, being thereof convicted in manner therein before prefer ibed for the conviction of offenders against the said act, should suffer the like punishment as persons convicted of purloining or embezzling any of the materials therein before mentioned, are by the said aef rendcred subject and liable to: and whereas the pace of twenty-one days, allowed by the said recited act, is thought too long a time to be allowed for returning the said materials, under the circumstances, and in manner aforesaid; and it may beprope- to make the punishment for not n

and altered.

Another clause of the said act recited,

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1777.

turning such materials the same as for purloining or embezzling under this act; be it therefore further enacted, That, frbcn and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, so much of the said recited act as allows twenty-one days after the preparing, working up, or manufacturing the said materials, for returning so much of the said materials as shall not be used in such preparing, working up, or manufacturing, and declares that the punishment for not so returning the said materials within the said time, shall be the same as under the said act is directed for purloining or embezzling, shall be repealed $ and only eight days shall be allowed for returning the said materials in manner aforesaid; and the punishment for not returning them within the said eight days shall be the same as is by this act directed to be inflicted for purloining or embezzling.

VIII. And whereas, by the said act of the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, it is enacted, That, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, if any person who should be hired, retained, or employed, to prepare or work up any of the manufacturet therein before mentioned, for any one master, should neglect or refute the performance thereof, by procuring or permitting himself or herself to be subsequently retained or employed by any other master or person whatsoever, before he or Jhe should hove completed the work which be or Jhe was first and originallyfo hired, retained, or employed to perform, and which was first delivered to him or her; then, and in every such case, the person so offending, being thereof lawfully tonvifted by the oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) affirmation, of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence or offences should be committed, should be sent to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month; and whereas the said provision contained in the said recited clause is not found fuffeient for the purpose intended, and U is apprehended that some other provision, more proper, may be made \ and repealed, be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, the Any person whole of the said last recited clause shall be repealed; and that, being employ from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hun ed to work up jrec| ancj seventy seven, if any person, being hired, retained, or fhalvn^ to prepare or work up any materials, whether mixed

perform the or unmixed, for any master or masters, shall wilfully neglect or same for s refule the performance thereof for eight days successively $ days, etc shall having taken in any materials, whether mixed or unmixed, for

U ...1* rr J'.

manufacture, from one master, or two or more masters, being co partners, shall afterwards take in any materials, whether mixed or unmixed, for manufacture, from any other master or masters 5 or shall procure, or permit himself or herself to be employed or retained in any other occupation or employment whatsoever sooner than eight days before the completion of the work first taken; then, and in every such case, such person being thereof lawfully convicted by the oath, or (being of the people

b' lent to the bonfe of cor i't&iou.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56.

called Quakers) affirmation, of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence or offences shall be committed, shall be sent to the houfg of correction, or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour fcr any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

IX. And whereas it frequently happens that persons receive the said materials in fictitious names, in order to be manufactured; and that persons receive fuc' materials in their own names, in order to be manufactured by them]elyes, and afterwards deliver the same to others to be manufacturedwithout the knowledge or consent of the owners thereof; and that carriers, or other persons employed to deliver materials to workmen to be prepared or manufactured, do designedly deliver such materials to other persons than those intended by the owner of such materials', be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore r

said, That, from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fevtn, if any person shall receive any any materials of the aforesaid materials in a fictitious name, in order to be mato be manu nufactured; or if any person shall receive in his or her own in a

name any of the said materials, in order to be manufactured byn!jn^00*r himself or herself, and afterwards deliver the same, or any part (hah deliver thereof, to any other person to be manufactured (without the the same to consent of the owner thereof;,) or if any carrier, or other per without son employed to deliver any such materials to any workman, to the consent of be prepared or wrought up, shall designedly deliver the same to the owner, etc. any other person than the person to whom such materials werehe shall be lia ordered or intended to be delivered by the owner thereof; all and bl*to the same every person and persons offending in any of the cases aforesaid,

shall, for every such offence, be liable to prosecution, in the same Jewing tocr manner, and to the same punishment, as is by this act directed form ihcir in respect to persons taking in any of the said materials in order work, etc. to work up, and afterwards wilfully neglecting or refusing the performance of their work for the space of time aforesaid.

[Preamble.]

X. And whereas it frequently happens that materials used in ta manufactures before mentioned, are found or known to be concealed in

the pof ission of persons who have received the same, knowing them to be purloined or embezzled, or of persons known not to be entitled to dif poje of the same; and whereas the discovery and conviction of the pur loiners and embezzlers, buyers and receivers, of such materials, is full of difficulty, from the close and clandestine manner in which the offence is committed; and there is /tillgreater difficulty in proving whose property such materials arc; and it would tend to the discouragement and suppression of such offences, if the discovery and conviction of such offenders were rendered more easy: and whereas, by the said recited act of the twenty fsecond year of his late majesty King George the Second, justices of the peace, after conviction of any offender for purloining or embezzling the said materials, or for buying or receiving the same, are authorised to grant warrants for jearthing the houses and other places of the persons so convicted, but no such authority is given before conviction, nor in any other house or place, except such as belongs to o person

II

convicted;

CD in any house, etc. may grant a warrant for searching the lams.

How persons shall be pu mflied, in whose possess

462 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1777.

justice*in reconvicted; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may ceiving com lawful for any two justices of the peace of any county, riding, fht^emb z*i VI (ion, city, liberty, town, or place, upon complaint made to

zitd materials them, upon oath, by any one credible person, or (being of the are suspected people called Quakers) upon foleinn affirmation, that there is to be conceal cause to suspect that any such purloined or embezzled materials, whether mixed or unmixed, wrought or urtwrought, are concealed in any dwelling house, outhouses, yard, garden, or other place or places, by virtue of a warrant under their hands and seals, to cause every such dwelling house, outhouses, yard, garden, or place, to be searched in the daytime: nnd if any such materials, suspected to be purloined or embezzled, shall be found therein, to cause the same, and the person or persons in whose house, outhouses, yard, garden, or other place, the same shall be son fndi ma found, to be brought before any two justices of the peace for the sound be same.county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place; and if the said person or persons shall not give an account, to the satisfaction of such justices, how he, she, or they came by the same, then the said person or persons so offending, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be punched in manner herein after mentioned, although no proof shall be given to whom such materials belong.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every peace officer, constable, headborough, or tythingman, in every county, city, town corporate, or other place, where there shall be officers, and every beadle within his ward, parish, or distritt, ard every watchman, ions ui(petted during such time only as he is on his duty,shall and may ap shaving cr prehend, or cause to be apprehended, all and every person or sin f, t^nhcr l)cr^ons who may reasonably be suspected of having or carrying, mayer'm> MOR any ways conveying, at any time after fun setting and before petted to be fun rising, any of such materials suspected to be purloined or purloined, etc. embezzled, and the same, together with such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, convey or carry before any two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, within which the suspected person or persons shall be apprehended; and if the person or persons so apprehended in conveying any such materials, shall not produce the parry or parties duly entitled to dispose thereof, from whom he, she, or they bought or received the same, or some other credible witness, to testify upon oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) upon fojemn affirmation, to the falc or delivery of the said materials (which oath or affirmation respectively such justices are hereby empowered to administer) or shall not give an account, to the satisfaction of such justices, how he, she or they*came by the same; then the said person or persons so apprehended

shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour, and be punished in manner herein after mentioned, although no proof shall be given to whom such materials belong.

Justice may,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in ei ar the retpidt there of tie two cases last before mentioned, when any person or broo^ut be person5* who ihau be sought before any two justices of the 1'peace,

peace efficers in towns corporate, etc. may apprehend all per

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. 463

peace, shall request of such justices to appoint a reasonable time fore them, to produce the person or persons duly entitled to sell or dispose of the same, of or from whom he, she, or they bought or received to % oduc?the the same, or some one or more credible witness or witnesses persons inti to prove the sale or delivery thereof; then, and in such case, it tied to dispose shall and may be lawful for the said justices, and they are hereby f fhc mate authorised and required to appoint such reasonable time as afore n, ctc* said, and to issue out a summons to the constable or other peace officer of the parish or place where such person or persons, or such witness or witnesses, shall respectively reside, requiring him, her, or them to appear before two or more justices, at such time and place as shall be so appointed by such justices, in order to be examined and give evidence on oath, or (being of the people called Quaker) solemn affirmation, of the several matters aforesaid; such person or persons, at the time of making such On the per request, shall enter into a recognisance, with or without surety fons making or sureties, as such justices shall think proper, for his, her, or their appearance before them, at the time so to be fetor, for^g^11 want of such recognisance as aforesaid, shall be committed until zance, etc. the time that shall be fetor appointed by the said justices for the appearance of such party or parties, witness or witnesses; and if at such appointed time such person or persons shall be convicted of any of the offences aforesaid, then, and in such case, he, she, or they, shall suffer such punishment as is hereinbefore directed to be inflicted on persons guilty of such offences.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any person or On any person persons shall be convicted of a misdemeanour in either of the ed "f a^ifde* two cases last before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for mcaftort a8 the justices before whom the conviction shall be, to cause the aforesaid, the said materials so found or seized as aforesaid, to be deposited in materials so the hands of the churchwardens or overseers at the poor of the fund shall be place where such materials shall be found or seized, or in any the h^nds^f other convenient place, for any time not exceeding thirty days; the chu>ch and in the mean time to order the said churchwardens and over wardens, ctp. seers of the poor, or one of them, to insert an advertisement iu some one or more of the public newspapers usually published or circulated in or near such place, or otherwise to cause notice to be given by some public crier, and by fixing on the church or chapel door notice describing such materials, and where the same are so deposited, to the end that persons having lost such'or any reputable person or persons in their behalf, may come and claim the same: and in case any person or persons can If any person prove his, her, or their property in the said materials upon oath, can Prov hi or (being of the people called Quakers) upon his, her, or their she^id^nat* solemn affirmation, to the satisfaction of any two justices of the r; as they peace for such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or shall be deli place, then such justices shall order restitution of such materials v*red to him. to the owner or owners thereof, after paying the reasonable charges of removing, depositing, and giving public notice of ^q^g etcrc' the same; but if, before the end of the said thirty days, no per butifnoper son or persons shall come and prove his, her, or their property son prove his

in Property in

464

them, they shall be sold, etc.

Penalty on persons having in their possession materials suspect CD to be purloined, etc.

Forfeiture! may be levied by distress.

On failure of ditt rels, offender to be om nutted.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1777.

in such materials, nor any reputable person or persons on his, her, or their behalf, then the said justices shall order and diredk the same to be sold for the best price that can reasonably be had, and after deducing such charges as aforesaid, together with the charges of sale, one moiety of the money arising from such sale shall be given to the person or persons, or either of them, \yho shall apprehend or prosecute the offender or offenders guilty of either of the misdemeanours aforesaid, as the said justices (halt appoint; and the other moiety thereof, either to and amongst the poor of the parish, town, or place, where the conviction shall shall be, or to such public charity or charities as the justices convicting shall appoint.

XIV. And be it further enacted, that every person deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour, in having in his or her possession any materials suspected to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the party or parties being duly intitled todif pose of the same, of whom he or she bought or received the same, nor giving a satisfactory account how he or she came by the same; or of a misdemeanour in having, carrying, or conveying, of the said materials suspected to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the party or parties being duly intitled to dispose of the same, of whom he or she bought or received the lame, nor any credible witness to testify upon oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) upon solemn affirmation, the sale or delivery thereof, nor giving a satisfadfory account how he or she came by the same, (as the case shall be) shall, for every such misdemeanour, forfeit, for the first offence, the sum of twenty pounds; and for the second offence, the sum of thirty pounds; and for every subsequent offence, the sum of forty pounds: all which said respective forfeitures shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender (rendering to him or her the overplus, after charges of the said distress and sale deducted) by warrant under the hands and seals of the justices before whom fuclv offender shall be deemed and adjudged guilty; of which forfeiture, one moiety shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to and amongst the poor of the parish, town, or place, where such conviction shall be, or to such public charity or charities 39 the justices convicting shall appoint; and if no sufficient distress shall be found whereon to levy the said respective forfeitures, then the said justices shall and may commit every such offender, so respectively deemed and adjudged guilty as aforesaid, to the common gaol, or other prison, or house of correction, within his or their jurisdiction, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, for the first offence; and for the second offence, for the space of two months; and for every subsequent offence, for the space of six months.

XV. And whereas it. sometimes happens, by occasion of the very long detention of such materials as aforesaid, delivered out to journeymen or other persons employed to work up the same, it cannot be known to the mailer or owners of such materials, whether the same may have been purloined or embezxled, r whether the said materials are wholly

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. 465

or in part wrought or begun to be wrought, or in what state or condition such materials may be: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first: day of July, one thou - Owners of sand seven hundred and seventy seven, it shall be lawful for the jtvered*1*" owner or owners of any such materials, from time to time, as jourrncyme, f occasion shall require, to demand entrance, and enter, at all sea etc. to be*sonable hours in the daytime, into the (hops or outhouses of worked up, any person or persons employed by him or them to work up any JP*?* ath.ali of the said materials, or other place or places where the work hour^enter shall be carried on, and there to insped the state and condition their (hops oof such materials; and in case of refusal, by any such person orouthouset, to persons so employed, to permit such entrance or inspection, he, inrp*tt their (he, or they so refusing, shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, pali on not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, as therefufai Of en justices, before whom he, she, or they shall be convicted, shall trance, etc. think proper, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as is by this act directed for the misdemeanour of being in the possession of any such materials, without being able to account satisfactorily for such possession.

XVI. And whereas the said recited acjy of the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, contains no frovifon for the protection and recovery of the tools and implements with which any person or persons employed in preparing, working up cr manufacturing, such materials as aforesaid, shall be entrusted for that purpose; nor any provifm in respect to the drugs and ingredients used in dying, prepay ingy or manufacturing y such of the said materials as are usually dyedy preparedy or manufactured be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first day of July one thou all l*n*h, e sand seven hundred and seventy seven, every penalty or punish geovault inent directed by, or other provision contained in, the said rein

cited ad, in respect to the said materials, so far as the said recit relating to the ed ad is not varied by this act, and all the provisions in this act contained in respect to the said materials, shall extend and applicable to any tool or tools, and implement or implements, tools, etc. with which any person or persons shall be entrusted for making, with which working up, or manufacturing, the said materials? and also to any p*r<n any drug or drugs, ingredient or ingredients, with which any person or persons shall be entrusted, for the purpose of dying, ing some. preparing, or manufacturing, such of the aforesaid materials as are usually dyed, prepared, or manufactured, in the same manner as if the said tools and implements, drugs anckingredients, were particularly mentioned, both in the said recited act and in the preceding provisions of this act.

XVII. And whereas journeymen dycrsy servantsy and apprentices, frequently abuse the trull reposed in themy by dying goods for their own profit, without the conjcnt of their masters be it therefore enacted, Jf. That, from and after the said first day of July, one thousand ncyman dyer, seven hundred and seventy seven, if any person hired, retained, etc. shall, w; tn or employed as a journeyman dyer, or as a servant or apprentice, out th con in the dying of any felt or hat, or any woollen, linen, fustian, |fn*|. cotton, leather, fur, flax, mohair, or silk materials, whether the same linen, cic.

466 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1777.

same shall be wrought or un wrought, or shall be mixed or unmixed with other of the said materials, shall, without the consent of the master, person or persons by whom such journeyman, fervanr, or apprentice, shall be hired, retained, or employed, wilfully dye any of the said materials, whether wrought or unwrought, or mixed or unmixed with other of the said materials, or without such consent shall wilfully receive any such materials as aforesaid, for the purpose of dying the same, whether the same shall be dyed or prepared for dying, he or (lie so guilty of either of the fie shall forfeit, said offences shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of ten  (Fence io flings > act for the second offence, the sum of twenty Shillings; elc<* and for every subsequent offence, the sum of forty Shillings; or

or if any per^person shall procure any such materials as aforesaid, to be Tonne shall pro dyed by any person so hired, retained, or employed as a journey cure any such manservant, or apprentice, without the consent of his or her lodgedt0* maeror employer, or shall offer any such materials to any such 0*journeyman, servant, or apprentice, for the purpose aforesaid,

he or she so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, by the path, or (being of the people called Quakers) affirmation, of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, shall, for the he shall forfeit, fir(i offence, forfeit the sum of five Shillings; and for the second offence ffence* the sum of twenty Shillings; and for every subsequent

etc95*offence, the sum of four pounds; and each of the said penalties

shall be paid to the informer or informers; and in case of nonpayment on conviction, the person so convicted shall be committed, by the justices before whom the conviction shall be, to the common gaol or house of correction, to remain for any time not exceeding one month, as such justices shall order and direct.

Inhabitants of

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any any parirti inhabitant of any parish, township, or place, in which ny of the^aforesaid0^ ncc shall be committed contrary to the act of the twelfth year oflftnets (had of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, or contrary be committed, to the act of the twenty second year of his late majesty King to he deemed George the Second, or contrary to this a CL shall be deemed a sn*rtlc*nt competent witness, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant of such parish, township, or place.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Justice of That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one justice of the pcaccf ?nt to Peace of any county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or made up placei ard he is hereby required, upon complaint to him made on oath of any upon oath, or (if the person complaining be of the people called offenceagainit Quakers) solemn affirrrption, of any offence committed against this may ac within the same county, riding, division, city, liberty, ram forajv lown or place, to issue his warrant for apprehending, and bring prehending ing before any two or more justices of the peace of the same jhc offender. county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, the person or persons charged with Inch offence; and the justices before whom such person or persons shall be brought, are hereby authorised'

4^7

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56.

and required to hear and determine the matter of such complaint, and to proceed to judgement and conviction thereupon.

XX. And whereas the [said act, of the twenty second year of the pbeambi* reign of his late majesty King George the Second, only gives an appeal from an order of any justice or justices of the peace to the general or general quarter sessions of the peace, where an order is made by any justice or justices of the peace, in the case of the buyer or receiver of such purloined or embezzled materials as aforesaid, and in respect to the salt or dispofil of such materials found on searching by warranty s

after any cgnviction for purloining or embezzling, or for receiving or buying such purloined or embezzled materials: and whereas it is thought more proper to give a right of appealing in the case of other orders of any justice or justices of the peace to be made by force of an ait, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages), and of the said ail, and also in the case of all orders to be made by any justices of the peace under this albe it therefore further enacted, That if any per (bn shall Persons ag think himself or herself aggrieved by the order or judgement of any two justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted of any of the offences in the said acts of the twelfth year etc. may ap of the reign of King George the First, and the twenty second year peal to the of the reign of King George the Second, or in this act, such per quarters son may appeal, and the said juflees are hereby required to makellon*known to such person, at the time of such conviction, his or her right to appeal, to the next general or general quarter sessions of the peace to be holdfcn for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such conviction shall have been made, (such person, at the time of such conviction, giving to giving notice such justices, notice in writing of his or her intention to appeal, to such justice and also entering into a recognisance, a the time of such no tion tovppcal" tice, with sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and and entering*to abide the judgement of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded intorccogm the justices at such sessions); but if the person giving suchance, ctc. notice of appeal shall not, at the time of giving such notice, enter into such recognisance as aforesaid, then the justices, to whom such notice of appeal shall have been given, shall and may commit such person or persons to the house of correction, or other public prison, of such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, there to remain until the said.next general or general quarter sessions of the peace to be held in and for such place', unless such recognisance shall be sooner entered into; and the said justices before whom such conviction shall have been made, or any other two or more justices of the same county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, are hereby impow ered and required to take, and the justices at such sessions are hereby authorised and required, upon due proof made of such notice of appeal, either by the acknowledgement of the justices to whom the same shall have been given, or otherwise, to Iiesr # and

468 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 5^.

[1777.

and determine the matter of the said appeal, and toaward such cod How the de as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either par linquent shall ty. ancj Upon te hearing of such appeal, the judgement of the in case the*justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted, shall frflions con be affirmed, such appellant shall, within forty-eight hours next after firm his con the same shall be so affirmed, suffer such corporal punishment as viction.'shall have been directed to be inflicted upon him or her for the offence whereof he or she shall have been convicted, or shall immediately pay the sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the said sections shall award to be paid by him or her, for defraying the expenses sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal; or in default of making such payments shall be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, in the same manner, and for the same time, to be computed from the affirmance of such conviction, as shall be directed by the original judgement of conviction, unless the person or persons so convicted shall have been imprisoned under the original conviction, in which case the time for which such person or persons shall have been so confined shall be included in the order of confirmation.

Part of an act

XXI. And whereas an art, passed in the twenty-third year of the ot 13 Geo. a. reign jr iate majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act repealed. for the more effectually punching of persons convicted of seducing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, out of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain; and to prevent the exportation of utensils made use of in the woollen and (ilk manufactures, from Great Britain or Ireland into foreign parts; and for the more easy and speedy determination of appeals, allowed in certain cases by an act made in the last session of parliament, relating to persons employed in the several manufactures therein mentioned,) prescribes a form for conviction of thefever a! offences mentioned in ike Jafd recited all of the twenty feconi of George the Second; but such form is not adapted to the said last mentioned art, as altered by this act; and it may be useful to havi one general form for the said recited act of the twenty jccond of George the Second, and this art', be it therefore further enacted, That in respect to all offences which from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fever.ry seven, shall be committed against the said recited act of the twenty second of George the Second, so much of the said act of the twenty-third of George the Second, as prescribes a form of conviction for offences against the said act of the twenty second of George the Second, How justices shall be repealed; and that, from and after the said first day of conviaion off one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, the justices offender before whom any offender shall be convicted of any offence, ei against the there against the said act of the twenty second of George the Southeast

laid at of condor varied by this act, or against this act, shall cause the

thi$gact*r conv^on to be certified to the next general or general quarter session of the peace to be held in and for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such conviction was made, o to

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 56. 469

to be filed with the records of such sessions; and such conviction shall and may be drawn up and written on parchment, and certified in the following form of words, as far as the name of the person and the nature of the case will admit of, (that is to ay):

Middlesex or j T) E it remembered, That on the Form of con

any other I j day of in the year ofour vidtioa.

place, as the Lord A.B. was tonvifled

case shall be) V before us of his Majesty's justices

to wit. J of the peace in and for the said county of or, for the riding of the said county of or, for the city, liberty, town, or place, aforesaid, in the said county (as the case shall be)

of Here specify the offence, and when

and where the same was committed.]

Given under our hands and seals, the day and year first above written.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Proceeding order made, touching or concerning any of the matters in this act contained, or any proceedings to be had touching the conant of {0tt09 vidlion of any offender or offenders against the said act of the twenty second of George the Second, or this act, shall be quash CD for want of form, or be removed or removable, by Certiorari, "or_re" CD into his majesty's court of King's Bench; and the justices before tr lorart* whom such convidlions shall be had, shall cause the same, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general or general quarter sessions; and in case the person or persons so convicted shall appeal from the judgement of the said justices to the said general or general quarter sessions, the justices on such general or general quarter sessions are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction drawn up in the form aforesaid to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the direction of the said act, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no th, sa^not thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, former law to repeal any former law or laws now in being, for the punish except as is ment of any of the offences herein above specified, except so herein pant far as is particularly expressed by this act; and no offender who shall have been proceeded against, upon or by virtue of this act,

for any of the offences herein specified, shall for the same offence be afterwards proceeded against upon or by virtue of any such former law or laws.

479. Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 57. [1777.

nor to extend

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing to any uft^nce containe(j in ths a shall extend to, or afsect, any person or against^he aft persons fr any offence committed or to be committed against a Geo. % the said recited act of the twenty second year of the reign of his before July i, late majesty King George the Second, before the said first day of 1777* sub'> one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; but all

and every such offender and offenders shall and may be prosecuted and punished in the same manner as if this act had nor been made.

Limitation of

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action shall

actions. be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be severally brought, laid, and tried, in the county, or place where the was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suitshall and General issue may pleac* the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such suit or action shall be brought in any other county or place than where the fact was committed, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; an^l upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plain trtble costs. lie defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble

costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or t defendants hath or have for costs in other cases at law.

CAP. LVII.

an act for more effectually securing the property ofprints to inventors and engravers, by 'enabling them to sue for and recover penalties in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament pasted in the eighth year Recital of acts of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, inti sgeo. tuled, An act for the encouragement of the arts of designing, engraving, and etching hiftorica! and other prims, by vesting the properties thereof in the inventors and engravers, during the time therein mentioned: and whereas by an act of parliament, and 7 Geo. 3. pajftd in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the aforesaid act, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it was [amongst other things) enacted, That, from and after the first day a' January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, all and every person or persons who should engrave, etch, or work in mezzotint or chiaro ofeuro, or cause to be engraved, etched, or worked, any print taken from any pi Bure, drawing, model, or fculpiure, titter ancient or modern, Jtmld have,

47*

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 58.

and were thereby declared to have, the benefit and protection of the said former act, and that ad, for the term thereinafter mentioned, in like manner as if such print had been graved or drawn from the original design of such graver, etcher, or dr aughtfman: and whereas the said acts have not ffe dually answered the purposes for which they were intended, and it is nectjj'ary, for the encouragement of artisis, and for securing to them the property of and in their works, and for the advancement and improvement of the aforesaid arts, that such further provisions should be made as are herein after mentioned and contained; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day After June of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, if any engrawetc engraver, etcher, printfeller, or other person, shall, within the within time limited by the aforesaid atfts, or either of them, engrave, the time LI etch, or work, or cause or procure to be engraved, etched, or mited by the worked, in mezzotinto or chiaro ofeuro, or otherwise, or in cntrave or* any other manner copy in the whole, or in part, by vary etcghj crc< any ing, adding to, or diminishing from, the main design, or shall print, without print, reprint, or import for sale, or cause or procure to be tl'e consent of printed, reprinted, or imported for sale, or shall publish, fell, or otherwise dispose of, or cause or procure to be pbblished, sold, or be liable to otherwise disposed of, any copy or copies of any historical print or damages, and prints, or any print or prints of any portrait, conversation, land double costs. escape, or architecture, map, chart, or plan, or any other print or prints whatsoever, which hath or have been, or shall be, en spo*, 'J

graved, etched, drawn, or designed, in any part of Great Britain, ^-

without the express consent of the proprietor or proprietors a v37 thereof, first had and obtained in writing, signed by him, her, / f

or them respectively, with his, her, or their own hand or hands, in the presence of, and attested by, two or more credible wit nefies, then every such proprietor or proprietors shall and may, by and in a special action upon the case, to be brought against tnc person or persons so offending, recover such damages as a jury on the trial of such atftion, or on the execution of a writ of inquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with double costs of suit.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for enlarging the public gaol of the county of Warwick, and sot other purposes therein mentioned.

472

[Preamble.]

A jftcar.h. t cited.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1777.

CAP. LIX.

An act to repeal an act s made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, The matter of the rolls empower ed to rpake leases for years, in order to new build the old houses belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating the method of growing leases of the said rolls eflute for the future; and for making compenfuion to the earl of Macclesfield, and ftr Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial rights and interests in certain leases made of the rolls tjlaie \ and for regulating the method of making leases of the said estate for the future.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act impowering the matter of the rolls, for the time being, to make leases for years, in order to new build the old houses belonging to the rolls; after thereby impowering the master of the ro Is for the time being, and his successors masters of the rolls, to grant building leafesjor one and forty years, or for any lesser term, of the said rolls houses and premises, or any part thereof (the chapel of the rolls, with a convenient mansion house, courtyard, garden, fable, coach house, and other outhouses and buildings, fit for the use and habitation of the master of the rolls, only excepted) it is provided that the master of the rolls for the time being, or any succceding master of the rolls, after the premises should have been once letten according to the power given as aforesaid, should net make or grant any new or concurrent leases until within seven years of the expiration of the lease then in being, nor for any lesser relit than was reserved upon the former lease, ner fer any longer term than for the term of twenty-one years from the making such new lease: and whereas, since the new building of the said houses and premises, under leases granted by the masters of the rolls for the time being, by virtue of and under the power given them by the said act for that purpose, the said houses and premises (except the said chapel of the rolls, and other the said except id premises) have, from time to time, been letten and demised by the masters of the rolls for the time being, by leases by them respectively granted thereof for the term of twenty-one years, at and under larger yearly rents than were reserved by the said former leases: all which said yearly rents have been and are reserved and made payable to the mifier of the rolls granting such leases, and his successors; and such yearly rents have for many years last pajl amounted, and do now amount, only to the yearly sum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds, but the improved rents of the said houses do now amount to the sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pounds; the beneficial right and interest in and to which said improved rents belonging to the master of the rolls granting such original leases, his executors, admi nijlrators, and assigns, as his private property, subject to, and after a deduction only of the said small yearly rents: and whereas, by means and in confiquerne of the exercise of such the right of granting and re newing the leases of the said houses and premises at such small rents as ajore said by the master of the rolls for the time being, the succceding

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 473

master or masters of the rolls is or are deprived of the benefit of the improved rents of the premises, which, after the death of the master of the rolls by whom such leafer were granted, accrue and belong to his family, and the income intended for the support of the office of the master of the rolls is rendered in a great measure precarious and uncertain: and whereas sir Thomas Sewell, the present master of the Sir thomm rails, is now possessid or entitled to himself, his executors, ad min if Sewell, maf trators, and assigns of or to the beneficial right and interest of and in federal leafs by him made and granted of the said houses and pre tvcer mises, by virtue of and according to the power vested in him by the tain beneficial aid act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, and the irn rights in fe. proved rents thereof for the term of twenty-one years from the making veral as of such leases, on the sixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven > elfo of and in such other leases, of the9f aid houses and premises, or any part thereof, as he may at any time or times hereafter, Jo long as he shall continue master of the rolls, make or grant thereof, according to the said power, subject to the right and interest of the right honourable Thomas earl of Maccles5* field therein, who, as reftduary legatee offir Thomas Clarke de f^ldito the ceased, late master of the rolls, is intituled, under leases granted of the improved said houses and premises respectively by the said late master of the rents of cer* rolls, to the improved rents of some of the said houses and premises, tain houses amounting together to the yearly sum of one thousand four hundred and fifty six pounds, part of the said yearly sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pounds, down to the fifth day of January, which will be in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, subject to and after a deduction and payment of the small rents reserved on the leases of those houses respectively, amounting together to the yearly sum of ninety pounds, part of the said yearly sum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds 5 and is also entitled to the improved rents of some other of the said houses and premises, amounting together to the yearly sum of four hundred and feznnty six pounds, other part of the said yearly sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pounds, down to the twentieth day of September, which will be in the year of our lord one thousand fe'uen hundred and eighty-five, subject to and after a deduction and payment of the small rents reserved on the leases of those houses respectively, amounting together to the yearly sum of forty-two pounds.

Other part of the said yearly sum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds; but as to one other of the said houfis, the small relit whereof is the yearly sum of three pounds, refnlue of the said yearly sum of one hundred and thirty five pounds, and the improved relit whereof ts the yearly sum of forty five pounds, residue of the said yearly sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pounds, subject to a deduction and payment of the said small yearly relit of three pounds, the said earl of Macclesfield has already parted with, and sold his right and interest therein, in order that that house might be (as it has raer fence been, and now is) made use of by the clerk of the roils chapel, during the time the said earl 0/macclesfield's right and interest therein would have continued; (chat is to say) down to the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty k k 2 tbref

t^c laidarl

of Macclesfield and tir Thomas Sewell are willing to accept an equivalent for their respective beneficial rights, etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1777.

three, for the purpose of copying therein the records Acpofiled in the said rolls chapel: and whereas it is inconvenient, and highly improper, that the maser of the rolls for the time being should not, at the time he holds and exercises the said office, receive and enjoy so considerable a part of the income of the said office, towards the support of the rank and dignity thereof; and it has therefore been proposed to give to the said carl of Macclesfield, and to the said sir Thomas Sewell respectively, an equivalent for such their several and respective beneficial rights and interests as aforesaid, under the said several Safes granted ly the find wafer of the rolls now fitbfjung, and that the said n.ashr of the rolls fall r din quiff and give up all right and power of grand Kg any more such Lases for the future, by virtue cf and under 'the said a CL of the twelfth yeas of King Charles the Second, in order that the leases of the said houses and pretnifes, and the right and power of granting the same for the future, may be prcpc^ly regulated, jo that the improved rents of the said houses and premises may for the future, as they shall become due, be received and enjoyed by the present and successive maser s of the rolls for the time being, jit bj eft nevertheless to the prov jions hereby made thereout, for the repairs, maintenance, and support of the said houses and premises (except as aforesaid) and for other the purpefes herein after mentioned; and the said earl Macclesfield, and the said sir Thomas Sewell respectively, are ready and willing to accept of an equivalent for such their several and respective beneficial rights and inurefs as aforesaid', and the said sir Thomas Sewell also to relinquifj and give up all right and power cf granting any leases of the said houses and premises for the future, under and according to the said act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second: and whereas such the beneficial right and inter cf of the said earl of Macclesfield, in the said houses and premises, eppears, on and according to a fair and jufi estimate and valuation thereof, to be of the value of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven findings, and nine pence halfpenny, from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sevenly seven \ such the beneficial right and interef of the said sir Thomas Sewell, in the said houses and premises as aforesaid, under the said frjeral leafs granted by him and now fubfising, and his present right and power of granting such leases down to and until the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, exclusive of any right and power of granting any future leases, under and according to the said act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, subsequent to, or to take effiecl from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, which right and power of granting such future leases he rclinqinjhes and gives up, appears, on a fair and just efimate and valuation thereof, to be of the value of twelve thousand five hundred and eighty pounds, three fillings and cue penny; the said two sums of eight thenfand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven f illings and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred and eighty pounds, three fillings, and cue penny, amounting together to the sum of twenty cue thousand and twenty'nine pounds, ten fillings, and ten pence halfpenny: and whereas, by four several a this of parliament, pajj'ed in the twelfth year

475

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59.

of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth, fifth and ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, several Turns of moneys part of tee money belonging to the suitors of the high court of chancery, lying dead and unemployed in the bank if England, have been placed out on government or parliamentary securities, and speclfic parts of the interest arising therefrom have been appropriated for augmenting the income of officers belonging to the said court; and whereas, by an act passed in the fourteenth year of Act 14. Geo. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding HI. recited, the office of the six clerks of the king's court of chancery; and for erecting offices for the register and accountant general of the said court, for the better preserving the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in such offices; it was enacted among other things,) that out of the securities purchased with the fur plus money, placed to the account of interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second, and out of the interest produced and to be produced jrom such securities; and also out of the securities purchased with the fur plus money, placed to the account of interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and out of the interest produced and to be produced from such securities \ out of the surplus interest which should arise or be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said several acts of the twelfth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty: and out of the interest which should arise or be produced from securities to be purchased in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty; such sum or sums of money, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain, /^ the time being, should, in his and their diseretion, deem necessary, should be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the said court; and be applied, under the direction of the said court, in the first place in paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the puffing and obtaining of that act; and then in rebuilding the said office called The Six Clerks Office, with the offices belonging thereto, and in purchasing ground and houses for that purpose, if any should be deemed necessary by the said court; and in providing a proper place for transacting the bujinej's of the said six clerks office, during the time such office should be rebuilding \ and the sum of ten thousand pounds, in erecting proper and convenient offices for the said register and accountant general of the said court, separate and detached from each other, and in purchasing such ground and houses as should be necessary for those purposes; and for preserving the ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the said court: and by an f

aft, passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An A #515. Geo.

for vetting part of the garden of the society of Lincoln's Inn, M recited, in the county of Middlesex, in the accountant general of the court of chancery, and his successors, for ever, for the purpose of erecting' thereon offices for the accountant general, and for the register of the said court; it was enacted, that the charges and K k 3 expenses

47$ Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1777.

expenses attending the passing and obtaining that act should be paid and defrayed out of the same funds, and in like manner as the charges and expenses attending the puffing and obtaining the said act of that s fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, are thereby direc

Another aft

ted: and whereas, by one other act passed in the said fifteenth year i Geo. III. of his present Majesty, intituled An act for applying the funds juiced. provided for rebuilding the offices of the six clerks of the King's court of chancery, by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the office of the six clerks of the King's court of chancery; and for erecting offices for the register and accountant general of the said court, for the better preferring the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in such offices \ in building offices for the said six clerks in the gardens of Lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present six clerks office in chancery lane; and for other purposes; it is enacted, That, out of the securities purchased with the fur plus money mentioned in the said recited act, and out of the interest produced and to be produced from fitch securities, and out ofjurplus interest produced and to be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the several acts in the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty mentioned, and out of the interest produced ct to be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said at, such sum and[urns of money as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain for the time being, should in his and their dis erttion deem necessary, should be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, and be applied, under the direction of the said court, in paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining of that act, and in purchasing the said ground belonging to the fcciety of lincoln's Inn therein mentioned and described, and in building thereon an office for the said six clerks, and the offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into execution the purposes of the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, except so much thereof as relates to the rebuilding of the said six clerks office in the place where the same now lands, and except so far as the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty is thereby altered and varied: and whereas the ground for building the offices for the six clerks, and for the said register, and for the accountant general of the said court of chancery, has been purchased, and the said offices for the register and the accountant general have been erected and so far completed and finished, that the business of those offi now is and has for sometime been carried on and transiafttd therein, and great progress has been also made in erecting and building the said office for the six clerks, and the offices thereto belonging, and the same will also in a very Short time be completed; and all the several purposes of the said three acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty have been in a great measure answered and satisfied by and out of the funds provided for the same by those acts, and will in a very Short time be fully answered andjatified thereout except that the said sum*of ten thousand pounds, mentioned in the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty hath been found

not

477

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59.

r fe y sufficient to answer and satisfy the purposes ini cade I thereby: and whereas the surplus interest arising from moneys pta.ed out in pursuance of the said act of the twelfth ye; r of his hue ajai.jfy King George the Second and the surplus interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fifth year of hit tmfient Majesty, and the interefi arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majfiy, amount together to the sum of two thousand five hundred eighty-two pounds, eighteen Billings a year, and is unappropriated except only as to what Jlill remains to be raised and paid thereout to answer and satisfy the purposes of the said threeseveral a his of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty; and it is computed, that in case the said two sums of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven Billings and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three billings, and one penny, amounting together to the sum of twenty-one thousand and twenty-nine pounds, ten billings, and ten pence halfpenny, and the money to be applied in paying and defraying the charges and expenses of and attending the passing and obtaining of this ably be borrowed on a mortgage of the said rolls houses, such mortgage may be discharged, by and out of the said funds of interest and surplus interefi, in the space of ten years, or thereabout s besides what may appear to be now Jlill further wanting to be paid t here out y for fully answering the several purposes of the said act of the fourieenthy and two several abls of the fifteenth years of his present Majesty: and ivhtreas a very considerable sum of money, belonging to the suitors of the said court ojf chancery, is now, and has been for many years, lying dead and unemployed in the bank of England; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that out of the cash belonging to the fui of the tors of the said court of chancery, which now lies, or shall here after lie dead and unemployed in the bank of Engldndy there bank. b*long shall be paid, by virtue of an order or orders of the said court of into the chancery to be made for that purpose, such sum of money as fetors in the the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or chancer the lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great fh^r^shall he Britain, for the time being, shall, in his or their discretion, deem pain, by ordtr necessary, and be applied, under the direction of the said court of the said in paying and defraying the charges and expenses of and at tending the passing and obtaining of this act; and that out of the said cash, belonging to the suitors of the said court of chancery, aft which now lies, or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in also 8.449* 7l. the Bank of England, there shall be paid, by virtue of an order halfpenny or orders of the said court of chancery to be made for that pur Macclesfield pose, to the right honourable the said earl of Macclesfield, his*

executors or admit)istrators, the sum of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, as an equivalent, and in full satisfaction of and for all his right, title, and interefi, in and ter the said rolls houses and premises, and the rents and profits thereof, from and subsequent

d to sir Thomas Sewell,

in full satisfaction of their respective interests in the rolls houses, etc

478 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1777.

and it, 5&0 /. sequent to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and 'J seventy seven; and to the said sir Thomas Setbell, his executors

or administrators, the sum of twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three Shillings, and one penny, as an equivalent, and in satisfaction of and for all his right, title, and interest, in and to the said rolls houses and premises (except as aforesaid)) the rents and profits thereof, under or by virtue of any lease or leases by him granted or made of the said houses and premises, or any of them, pursuant and according to the said at under the ie twe^ year King Charles the Second, except such.

laid ad

XI provision as is hereby made for him and the succeeding matters

Car. 11. of the rolls, out of the improved rents and profits of the said

houses and premises which shall accrue and become due from and subsequent to the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, (except as to what may be due to him or them from the said earl of Macclesfield, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or the lessees in such leases, their executors, administrators, or assigns, for or any ways on account or in respect of the said small yearly rents, amounting together to the said yearly sum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds, upon, or previous to, the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven)) upon payment of the said several sums of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven Shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three Shillings, and one penny, to the said earl of Macclesfield, and the said sir Thomas &w//respectively, all such their, and etch of their right, title, and interest, of and in the said houses and premises, and the rents and profits thereof as aforesaid, (except as in and by this present act is mentioned and provided) shall cease and determine; and all leases granted by the said sir Thomas Sewell, as matter of the rolls, under or by virtue of the said act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, and now subsisting

from thenceforth be void and of no effect, and the said act

Car. II to be of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second be repealed, repealed and

II. And it is hereby enacted, That the said act of the twelfth till leases of jing Charles the Second shall be and the same is hereby re virtue 1h7reofpcaled accordingly.

to be void.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said The Taid sums sum of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven to be paid to Shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three Shillings, and one penny, so directed to be paid to the said earl of Macclesfield and the said sir Thomas Sewell, as aforesaid, respectively, amounting together to the said sum of twenty-one thousand and twenty-nine pounds, ten Shillings, and ten pence halfpenny, and also such sum or sums as shall be paid out of the said dead cash in the bank, for and to be applied in paying and defraying the charges and expences of and attending the patting and obtaining this act as aforesaid, are to be confide! ed as advanced and paid, and shall be so advanced and paid on the security of, and be a charge on,

Upon payment of the Sums abovementioned, the ad 14.

the earl of Macclesfield anti sir Thnmas Sewell, care to be advanced as a mortgage on the roll hoults.j

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 479

the said rolls houses and premises (except a aforesaid) by way of mortgage, for the repayment thereof; and the said houses and premises shall stand and be a security for the repayment 'thereof accordingly, until the same shall be raised and satisfied in manner herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from After thepur and after the time when the lood high chancellor of Great Britain,

or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners for the custody Geo. V (balbe of the great seal of Great Britfiin, shall deem the purposes of the satisfied, cer said acts of the fourteenth and the fifteenth years of his present fain Airolus

Majesty to have been fully satisfied, the surplus interest arising,

and which shall arise, from moneys placed out in pursuance of the th/discharg said act of the twelfth year of his late majesty King George theing the sums Second, and the surplus interest arising, and which shall arise, above men from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fifthtionw*' year of his present Majesty, and the interest arising, and which shall arise, from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, shall and may, by an order or orders of the said court of chancery to be made for that purpose, be appropriated and applied in and to the raising and di scharging of the said sums of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven Shillings and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three Shillings and one penny, and of such sum or sums of money as shall be paid and applied in paying and defraying the charges and expenses of and attending the passing and obtaining of this act, as aforesaid, until the same shall be fully raised, made up, and completed; and which, when so raised, made up, and completed, shall be considered to be, and shall be in full redemption of the said rolls houses and premises.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. How the court That if at any time hereafter the whole, or any part of the said * chancery to several sums so to be paid as aforesaid, out of the said dead cash, cafeany^of the shall be wanted to ahfwer any of the demands of the suitors of rums to be the said court of chancery before the same shall have been raised, paid out of made up, and completed, by and out of the said funds of interest ca^ou1d3b and surplus interest so appropriated, or to be appropriated, for wantedfor the that purpose, as aforesaid; then, and in such case, the said court suitors of that of chancery may and shall, in a summary way, direct the same, court.

or any part thereof, to be raised out of the said rolls houses and premises, or any part thereof, (except as aforesaid) in such manner as the court shall think proper, in order that the suitors of the said court may, at all times, be paid their respective demands, out of the common and general cash belonging to such suitors.

VI. And whereas it is proper that some reasonable part of the rents and profits of the said rolls houses, as the same shall from time to time accrue and become due and payable, should be appropriated for or towards keeping in repair, and properly fapporting and rebuilding the said houses and premises, or any of them, except and exclusive of the said chapel of the rolls, and other the said excepted premifis9 as there

The lord chancellor to appoint a receiver of the rents of the rolls houses,

with a salary not exceeding 501. per ann.

How the rents shall be disposed of.

Surplus to be paid into the bank in the name of the accountant general, etc.

to be applied towards the repairs of the said houses, etc.

Receiver to account, upon oath, to the accountant general.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1777.

may be occasion, and that a receiver of the said rents and profits should be appointed for that purpose be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such personas the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the commissioners for the custody of the great seal, shall from time to time approve of and appoint, shall be receiver of the rents and profits of the said houses and premises (exclusive of and except as aforesaid), with such salary to be paid to, or retained by him out of the said rents and profits, as the said lord chancellor of Great Britain, lord keeper, or lords of of the great seal, shall direct not exceeding the yearly sum of fifty pounds; such receiver first giving security by recognisance with two sureties, or otherwise, as the said court shall dire; receiver shall, out of the said rents and profits, pay the land tax, and also pay to the matter of the rolls for the time being the clear yearly lum of one thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, by two equal half yearly payments, on the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, in each year; the first half yearly payment to become due and payable on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and with such apportionment on the deatl* of any matter of the rolls, as in case of apportionment of relit on the death of tenants for life; and which apportionment shall take place, as well in case of leases to be granted in pursuance of the power hereby given of granting leses not exceeding twenty-one years to bind the successor, as of other leases granted or to be granted by any matter of the rolls so dying, and which shall determine by his death; and the surplus of the said rents and profits, beyond and after payment of the said receiver's felary* and the land tax, and such payment to the matter of the rolls as aforesaid, shall, by virtue and in pursuance of any order or orders of the said lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the commissioners for the custody of the great seal, as aforesaid, for the time being, be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to an account to be intituled, The account of the rolls estate, in order to be paid and applied, in manner herein after mentioned, in or towards the repairs and the support of the said houses and premises (exclusive of and except as aforesaid) and the rebuilding of the same, as there may at any time or times hereafter be occasion, and insuring the said houses and premises from fire, except such part or parts of the said rents and profits as, by any such order or orders of the said cour, shall be directed to be paid and applied by the receiver for those purposes, or any of them, without paying the same into the bank; and the said receiver shall, at the end of each and every year (or oftener if required and ordered by the said court) deliver in, upon oath, his accounts of his receivership to the said accountant general, and pay his balances into the bank from time to time, in the name of the said accountant general, to be placed to the same account.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 481

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Out of the said. That out of such the surplus rents and profits of the said^hesaid11 houses and premises, hereby appropriated for the purpose of re house, etc. pairing, supporting, and rebuilding, and insuring the said houses the lord chan and premises, (exclusive of and except as aforesaid) or out of <*llor may or what the same, or any part thereof, shall be inverted in, such^o^applied ft*m and sums of money, as the lord high chancellm^ of Great towards re britain, or the lord keeper, or lords commissioners for me custody pairing the of the great seal of Great Britain, shall, from time to time, direct tame, and iu or appoint, shall be paid and applied in or towards the repairing and supporting of the said rolls houses and premises, or in rebuilding the same, or any of them, and in insuring the said houses and premises from fire, in such manner as by any order or orders of the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of, to be made for those purposes respectively, shall be directed: and that the said fund, or any part thereof, shall or The said fond may, from time to time, by virtue and in pursuance of any or f be inverted der or orders of the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords ^sfecuri of, for that purpose, be placed out and inverted in ties, in the government securities, in the name of the said accountant ge name of the neral, and placed to the said account of the rolls estate, and the accountant interest or dividends thereof be laid out and inverted in other tqa "he suchlike securities, in the name of the said accountant general, account of the and placed to the same account; and so from time to time asrolls4rtate, eec. often as the interest or dividends of the said original securities, and such new purchased securities, shall amount to a competent film, in order to accumulate and increase the said fund for the purpose of repairing, supporting, and rebuilding, and insuring from fire, the said houses and premises, and to be sold, applied, and disposed of for those purposes, or any of them, by order of the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of as aforesaid, from time to time, as there may be occasion.

VIII. And whereas, by reason and in consequence of the said earl of macclesfield's having sold and disposed of such his beneficial right and interest in the said house of the improved yearly relit of forty five pounds, in which (in case he had not so sold the same) he would now have had a term of six years to come, from the making of the Uafe thereof on the said sixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jeveny there will not be any relit payable for the said house for the said six years to the master or masters of the rolls for the time be ingj and in the estimate and valuation of the said earl of macclef field's interest in the said houses and premises a deduction is made on account thereof; it is therefore provided and hereby enabled, Ootot the m that out of the interest arising, and which shall arise, from mo J, cn^crthe^fid nies placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth ofaa 14 Geo. 3. his present Majesty, there shall and may, by virtue of an order the court of or orders of the said court of chancery, to be made for that purchancery may pose, although all the purposes of the said acts of the fourteenth anne^/pi and fifteenth years of his present Majesty may not have been, for six years, or have been deemed by him or them to have been fully satis to the receiver

fied of ti; C said

482 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1777.

rents, in lieu fied as aforesaid, be paid the yearly sum of fortyfive pounds, by of ttieimpiov half yearly payments, to the receiver, so to be appointed, of the hou^be^ore 6 renls ard profits of the said rolls houses and premises, for the mentioned, time being, for the term of six years, to be computed from the making of the said last mentioned lease of the sixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, in lieu of, and as a recompense and satisfaction for the said yearly relit of forty five pounds for the said term of six years; and which said yearly sum of fortyfive pounds shall be deemed and had and taken as part of the yearly rents and profits of the said houses and premises of which such receiver shall be appointed, and be applied and disposed of as part of the said yearly rents and profits accordingly, in manner and for the purposes herein before mentioned concerning the said rents and profits.

IX. And whereas diverse leases have been granted by, or on behalf of, the said earl of Macclesfield, of several of the said houses and premises, to several persons for terms of years not exceeding the time

which the said earl of Macclesfield then had to come in the said houses and premises respectively, at the best and rnofl improved rents that '. could be had and gotten for the same, and which leafs ore now sub this act not flf lnl> be it therefore further enacted and declared, That the to vacate rights of the several persons claiming under such said last men leases granted tioned leases respectively, or any of them, shall not, by or in Macclesfield consequence of anything in this acontained, be any ways deseated, impeached, or lessened; and that such several persons, so claiming under the same, shall still be entitled to, and have and enjoy the full fruit and benefit of such said several leases respectively, upon and according to the terms thereof; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: but the rents reserved and made payable in and by such said several leases respectively, although expressed therein are to be paid to be reserved and made payable to or for the benefit of the said to the receiver carl Of Macclesfield, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or in what manner soever the same may therein be reserved or made payable, which have accrued or become clue and payable from and since the sixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and which from henceforth shall accrue or become due and payable, shall be paid to the receiver so to be appointed of the rents and profits of the said houses and premises, and be applied and disposed of as part of the said rents and profits accordingly, in manner and for the purposes aforesaid; and the said earl of Macclesfield, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have and be entitled to such of the said rents as accrued and became due on or before the said sixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and are still remaining due and unpaid under and by virtue of the said last mentioned leases of the said houses and premises, or any of them.

X Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That from and after the expiration, or other sooner determination

at the moll improved rents:

but the said rents, from Jan. 6, 1777.

before mentioned.

The matter of the rolls for the time being

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 59. 483

termination, by surrender or otherwise, of the said feveril la ft may, after the mentioned leases, so granted by or on behalf of the said earl of l*tt

jlfaales/ifld as aforesaid, and now subsisting, respectively as to |eal^. and the houses and premises therein comprised; and as to the rest terms herein of the said houses, except the said house herem before mention mentioned, CD to be of the yearly relit of fortyfive pounds, from and imine diately after the patting of this present at; land as to the said house or n last mentioned so excepted house, from and after the fifth day of years, for the January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; it shall moult unprov be lawful for the matter of the rolls for the time being, to make ^anbehad^ and execute any lease or leases of all or any of the said houses and ^ithout'tak preimfes belonging to the rolls (the chapel of the roils, and the ingany fine, mansion house, courtyard, gardens, (tables, coach houses, and ttc. other outhouses and buildings now uled for the habitation and accommodation of the master of the rolls, only excepted) for any term or number of years, not exceeding twenty-one years, in possession, from the making thereof, or from the quarter day next preceding the date and making thereof; that is to say, The fifth day of January, the fifth day of dpril, the fifth day of July, or the tenth day of October, whichever of the said days shall happen to be the quarter day next preceding the date and making of such lease or leases respectively, at and for the best and most improved relit or rents that can be reasonably had and gotten for the same, without taking any fine, fore gift, or gratuity for the making of any such lease or leases; such relit or rents to be thereby reserved and made payable to the master of the rolls making such leases respectively, and his successors, during the term or terms not exceeding the said term of twenty-one yea's, for which such leases respectively shall be granted; and the Jettees in such leases respectively executing counterparts thereof, and thereby covenanting to pay such rents accordingly; and Lessees to keep thereby also covenanting to keep the premises thereby demised ?he Prem, ^$ in good and tcnantable repair during the term, and to leave the rep*" 1* C same in such good and tenantable repair at the end, or other sooner determination of the term.

XI. And it is hereby declared, That no lease or leases of the No future said houses and premises, or any of them, hereafter to be made or executed by any master of the rolls, otherwise than according of the^olls,

to the power hereby given to the master of the rolls for the time contrary to

being as aforesaid, shall be binding on his successors, or any of this a them be binding ort

XII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the rents ^etents*and profits of the said houses and premises, to be reserved and un(ftr au^fu made payable by and upon any such lease or leases thereof here ture leases to after to be made or granted by any master or matters of the rolls, be paid to the shall be paid to such receiver as aforesaid, and be appl.ed and rccc, vcr*ctc* disposed of accordingly, in manner and for the purposes aforesaid.

XIII. And it is hereby enabled and declared, That all applications to the said court of chancery for or touching any of the matters of this at, and all orders and proceedings relating the re be nude to to, shall and may be had and made in a summary way, and with the court of

out chancery, gratis.

484 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 60  65. t*777*

Proceedings out any fee or reward to be paid or given for the same; and to be without without damps on any of the said orders or proceedings, or to be lamp, lads ufc(|^ Qr employed, in or about the same, or any of them.

CAP. LX.

An act for enclosing and embellishing the middle part of hoxton square, in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex; and for exiinguithing all right of common in and upon the said square.

CAP. LXI.

An act to enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Westminster, to open a street from the couth end of long ditch to the north end of smith street, and to widen part of tothilf street, and of long ditch aforesaid and to widen the passage between or chard street, and the new intended street, and also to widen Wood street, and to make a more commodious entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into deanvyard, within the city and liberty of Westminster.

CAP. LXII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within though several parishes of Surfleet, Golberton, Quadring, Donington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Foldike, Kirton, Brampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within that hundred of Kirton, in the parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXIII.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other public passages and places, withm < that part of the parish of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and removing obstructions and annoyances therein; for widening tbs passage from clerkenwell green to the parish church, and for watching and lighting certain highways within the said parish, for repairing the highways in the said parish, and cleansing the said part of the said parish; for widening the passage from clerkenwell close to Rofoman's Street, and from Rofoman's Street to Saint john street; and for building a chapel in the said parish.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the county of Middlesex; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXV.

An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act, made in that twenty second year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds he tbs several parishes of Sutton, Me pal y fritebam, Chatteris, Doddington, and a place called Byal fen, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge \ and also in tbs parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the county of Huntingdon, so far as the same relates to the fen lands and low grounds lying in the parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a place called byal fen, in the Isle of Eiy.

[Preamble.]

Act 1* Geo. recited. Recital of the Somersham, etc. act of

3 s Geo a. and the Ramsey, etc. act of 15 Geo. 3. Boundaries of the present lands. Commissioners of the former act to be commiflhners of this.

Meetings of commiiooneis. Commissioners empowered to lay a further e ux

485

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c?66  yo.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

tax of 5 s an acre for the first years, and 2 s. 6 d. an acre afterward; How the Great and Little Holts are to be taxed. Tenants to pay the tax, and deduct the same out of their rents. Who shall pay the taxes for lands under Jeafe. Application of taxes. highlands not to be taxed. A survey to be taken, and map made. If any dispute shall arise whether any of the lands should be deemed highlands or not, the same to be determined by two indifferent persons. If the said persons cannot agree, they are to choose an umpire. In case the proprietor refuses to name a referee, etc. the matter to be settled by the quarter sessions. Tenants for life, etc. empowered to borrow money; and to mortgage their lands for a security. Commissioners empowered to borrow 6, 0001. and to assign the rates as a security. Mortgagees to be creditors in equal degree. Application of money borrowed. Mortgages of the rates 10 be numbered. Securities may be assigned Iw endorsement. Rates to be charged with moneys borrowed, and in default of payment, veiled in creditors. No money to be borrowed, unless at a meeting where 15 of are pre'ent. Certain clauses of the former act extended to this ati. Expenses of this act how to be paid. Commissioners empowered to take earth for making banks, etc. and to make a drain from the 20 foot drain to the old 16 foot drain, etc. Surveyors may cause ditches leading to mill drains to be scoured, etc. if the owners, etc. shall neglell so 10 do. Commissioners not to do any works to hinder the waters in Cranebrook, etc. from issuing*to their outfalls. If the of shall make a drain across any road or droveway, they shall erell proper bridges. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Saving clause to the corporation of Bedford Level. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for establishing a nightly watch within the hamlet of mile.end Old Town, in the parish of Saint Dunstan Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for varying and enlarging the powers of an all made in the twelfth*year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Chester^ to or near midduvolcb and Nanlwich, in the county of Chejierm

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for rebuilding the bridge over the river Severn, at Maifmore, near the city of Gloucesterj for raising, widening, and securing Over Causeway, leading from the said city towards Maifmore aforesaidj and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several streets within the said city, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, in the lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the county of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, zn the counties of Derby and Nottingham.

CAP. LXX.

An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, dales, and common fen, with the parish of Billmghay, in the county of Lincoln } and for draining and preserving the said dales and common fen, and also certain indofed lowlands thereto adjoining in the said parish.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c.ji  yj. c1777

CAP. LXXI.

An act to enable the feoffees and trusttes of an eft ate in the county of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a school and alms houses at Rugby, in the county of Warwick, to sell part of the said estate, or to grant leases hereof, or of any part thereof, and to cffcftuate the other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, for rtpaiiing, widening, turning, and shortening the toad hading from the turnpike road on farraru's Common, in the parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to homan's Style, in the parish of Laycojck, in the county of Wilts; and for completing a communication between the said road, and the Bath turnpike road, upon Kingsdown Hill in the same county.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads from Kighley to Wakefield, and from Kighley to Hallifax, and from dudley hiil through beckwith thaw to Killinghall, and from beckwith ftiaw to the south welt corner of Harrogate Enclosures, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from a place called crouch hill, in the parish of Henfield, to the turnpike road leading from bright heimftone to Cuckfield, and from the east side of the said turnpike road to the town of Ditchling, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. LXXV.

An act to repeal an act of the thirty thiid year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads leading from the market house in the town of Kidderminster, in the county of worcester; and ?Ub to repeal so much of two acts of the tenth of his late Majesty, and the seventh of his present Majesty, as relate to the road from the mitre oak to a farmhouse called Goodntfs; and from titton brook to the hamlet of wribbenha'.l, in the said county; and to disconti nue the powers of an act of the eighth of his present Majesty, so far as relate to the road from the cross of the Hands near Goodness Farm, to a place called The Spout; and for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in repair, the several roads described in the first mentioned act; and also several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for continuing the term of two acts passed in the fourth and twenty fourth years of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the most southern part of butt lane, in the pariin of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chester to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said county.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from the to An ot Leeds, through Harwood, to the south welt corner of the enclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over burage gteen, and the other through Knaresborough and Borough bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on hutton moor, in the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor; so far at the same relates to the road leading from the southwest corner of the enclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Borough bridge.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and continuing the powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the soul b we ft corner of the enclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches ( one through Ripley truer Burr age green, and the other through Knar ejhorough and borough bridge J to Ripon, and from thence to the first rul of water, or watercourse on hutton moor, in the county oft York, and for repatrtng the Jlougbs or ruts on the said moor and the other passed in the twenty-ninth year of his said majesty's reign, to explain and amend the said first mentioned alt j with respect to the road from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the south welt corner of the enclosures of Harrogate.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltash, in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood to the southwest corner of the inclosuret of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches ( one through Ripley, over Burr age green, and the other through Knaresborough and Borcugo bridge J to Ripon, and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on Hutton moor, in the county of York, and for repairing the Jlougbs or ruts on the paid moor \ and the other passed in the twenty-ninth year of his said Map tty's reign, to explain and amend the said first mentioned alt; with respect to those parts of the said roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the north ealt corner of Hutton moor, and from the eat end of kirby hill moor to the town of Ripon aforesaid.

---

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the highroad leading from Brent bridge, in the county of Devon, to Caskingate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of three several acts of parliament, for repairing the roads therein mentioned in the county of Bucks, so far as the said acts relate to the road from the west end of the town of Wendover to the end of a lane called Oak lane, next the great road, called The Oxford Road; and also half a mile or road next from the river Colne towards Beconsfield, in the said county.

488 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 83  89. [1777.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the top of Harnham hill, near the city of New Sarum, in the county or Wilts, through the towns of Blanford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain entrenchment on Askerwell hill, in the county of Dorset, and from the index post on the side of Harnham hill aforesaid to a house called Master Baker's farm house, in the said county of Wilts,

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for enlarging the term and continuing the powers granted by an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the county of Surrey, to Hertford bridge hill, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the second and twenty second years of his late Majesty's reign, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominster, in the county of Hereford.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging several of the powers contained in an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the road from the turnpike road between the town and county of Pool and Winborn-minster, in the county of Dorset, to the turnpike road in the parish of Brianston, in the said county of Dorset, which leads from Blandford-forum to Dorchester.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty sixth years of his late majesty's reign, for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and altering the powers of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Warwick and Oxford, so far as relates to the road from the Guide post in the village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the mileway leading towards the city of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from The Halfway house, in the parish of Lower Crompton, in the county of Dorset, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the east end of the town of axminster, in the county of Devon, and several other roads found the town of Yeovil, in the county of Somerset and for amending two roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the parish of Yeovil; and the road from Chard to Cheeseway-ash; and from White Down to Perry street, in Chard, and from thence to the turnpike road near Tytherleigh Inn, in the said county of Dorset.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 90 - 95. 489

CAP. XC.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the roads frond the town of Halifax, and from Sowerby bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden to Burnley and Littleborough, in the county of lancaster.

CAP. XCI.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the Maypole, in the town of Henneld, over Poynings common, to the town of Brighthelmstone; and from Poynings common aforesaid, to High-cross, in the parish of Albourne; and from thence, for the distance of two furlongs of the road or lane leading towards Twineham; and from the marl pit near the bottom of Saddlescombe hill, in the parish of Newtimber, to the marie pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same parish, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. XCII.

An act for repealing so much of two acts, made in the eleventh and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to a road leading from the gaol bridge in the said town of Derby, through the town of Ashborne, to Hurdloe house in the said county, for making more effectual provision for repair of the said road; and for enabling the trustees to alter part of the course of the present road between Ashborne and the new inn Turnpike.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile stone beyond Willoughby hedge, through the town of Mere, in the county of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to Charlton-houthorn, and from thence to Milborne port; and from Willoughby hedge aforesaid to the west end of Long-lane, in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn turnpike cross-gate on Cattle hill, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Stall-gate Close, at the southwest end of the town of Bedford, to the town of Ampthill; and from the said town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the county of Bedford and also the road branching out of the same in Kempston field to the turnpike road leading from Hitchin to the said town of Bedford.

CAP. XCV.

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from and near the town of Brewton, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing and widening the street from the north or northeast end of Coombe street, along Patwell street, in the said town of Brewton, to the south or south east side of Dymond's River.

490 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 96  102. [1777.

CAP. XCVI.

An act to enlarge the term and power of an act passed in the twenty eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several road therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Union point near the town of Uckfield, in the county of Sussex, to Langney bridge in the parish of Westham,ina the said county, and for more effectually repairing the said road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from the side gate on the Horse bridge turnpike road, in the parish of Hellingly, to the turnpike road leading from Cross-in-hand to Burwash, in the said county.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Combe bridge, through Winsley and Bradford, to Staverton bridge, and to the Trowbridge road on Ashton common, and also the road from Bradford bridge to Cockhill-gate, all in the county of Wilts; and for making effectual provision for maintaining a bridge over the river Avon at Stokeford, in the same county.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of Warminster, in the county of Wilts, to a place where the roads to Bath and Bristol divide; and from the town of Frome to the town of Beckington, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads; and for repairing the road from or near the red lion in the parish of Woolverton, in the said county of Somerset, to Rode-bridge, and from the said bridge to the turnpike road leading from Trow-bridge by White-trough to Beckington aforesaid.

CAP. C.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the county of Merioneth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop.

CAP. CI.

An act for repealing so much of three acts, made in the eleventh, seventeenth, and thirty third years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to the road leading from the north side of Cavendish bridge, in the said county of Derby, through the said town of Derby to Brassington, in the said county; and for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road.

CAP. CII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Skipton to the turnpike road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the township of Bilton, with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the west riding of the county of York.

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 103  110. 491

CAP. CIII.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Crookhill, in the parish of Chickrell, to the turnpike road leading from Bridport to Bridport Harbour, and several other roads therein mentioned in the county of Dorset.

CAP. CIV.

An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads therein mentioned, leading from a gate in the town and county of Pool called Poole gate, and for repealing two acts of parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his late Majesty relating to the said roads; and also for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned towards paving and repairing a certain street or way within the said town and county.

CAP. CV.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road in the parish of Afthall, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road at or near Buckland, in the county of Berks.

CAP. CVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the same riding.

CAP. CVII.

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Dumfries; and for converting the Statute labour within the said county into money; and for applying the same towards repairing the highways within the same county.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for amending the road from the southeast end of the town of Loughborough, in the county of Leicester, to Derby bridge, near The Rushes, and from the said bridge, to the south end of Cavendish bridge, in the same county.

CAP. CIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the roads from the termination of the present turnpike road, at the foot of Bracebridge bridge, over the said bridge, westward, to the extremity of the county of Lincoln, near a place called Potter-hill; and from the termination of the present turnpike road at the foot of Canwick-hill, southward, to a windmill at the top of the said hill.

CAP. CX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Gateshead in the county of Durham, to the church lane near Ryton Lanehead; and from Barmoor to the Hexham turnpike road near Dilston bar, in the county of Northumberland; and also the road from Mickley-bank to Lead-hill or Silver-hill, and for making a road cross certain grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees esquire, in the parish of Ryton in the county of Durham.

192 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 111. [1777.

CAP. CXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in the county of Caernarvon, and through the towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the town of Pwll-bely in the same county; and also for repairing and widening the roads from Tal y Cafn ferry aforesaid, on the Denbighshire side of the river Conway, to join the turnpike road between Conway and Saint Asaph, at a place called Sam y Mynech; and from the turnpike road between Bangor and Conway, at the village of Aber, over Bwich y Ddwyfaen mountain to Tal y Cafn ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the town of Llanywft in the county of Denbigh.

END of VOLUME XXXI

